1. Works very well and much cheaper than alternative
2. We liked it was easy to scrape the plates off
3. We just moved to a condo next to a construction site, and this is a must for helping our baby nap during the day.
4. I had a two pack a while ago from this brand which they now have discontinued. These are a great buy and work just as well as authentic parts from spectra, motif and Ameda. I have no complaints what so ever.
5. As expected. They perform well. I have no complaints. They do say to sterilize before use. I got my normal span of use with them before needing a change. Will repurchase.
6. Motif Medical: Motif TwistThe twist is a small, lightweight very portable breast pump. It comes with a 24mm one piece breast flange with a comfort cushion. It can be battery operated with four AA batteries. It is rather cute in appearance to me and it comes with a one year warranty. Replacement parts can be hard to get if one is attempting to order direct however aeroflowbreastpumps.com carries Motif Medical replacement parts. The pump comes with no accessories. If you need a tote and cooler you’ll have to purchase your own. Warranty on the pump is one year from date of purchase or received through insurance.What’s included…♦ 4 Valves and membranes,♦ 2 Wide neck bottles (ML volume only) with nipples and hard plastic sealing disc♦ 2 One piece flanges with comfort cushions & caps (Flanges included is the standard 24mm only)♦ 1 AC Power Adapter♦ 2 Sets of tubingPROS…♦ Twist is a closed pump, meaning there is a barrier usually a diaphragm that prevents milk and condensation from entering the tubing♦ Small and lightweight which makes for high portability. It’s far lighter than my Avent double electric comfort pump and that too is far lighter than other double electric pumps.♦ Parts is interchangeable with the Motif Curve♦ Flanges is rather light in comparison to other full one piece bodies♦ Comfort cushion makes for one of the most comfortable pumping experiences♦ Twist has two phase expression. When the pump is turned on it starts in the let-down phase where it replicates the faster suckling a baby would do to get milk flowing. Turning the dial up enters the expression phase. When expressing I noted that higher suction has a longer pull on the nipple.♦ With some hacks flangesflange bodies can be used from other closed pumps♦ Other bottles than can be pumped into is Avent classicnatural and Dr. Browns wide neck bottle (This is only if using motif flanges)♦ Twist is a double electric pump allowing mom to express from both breast at the same timeCONS…♦ Pump is loud. It’s comparable to Avent Double Electric Comfort Pump in terms of loudness.♦ Motif only carries a 24mm flange and a 28mm flange.♦ Parts is hard to get. At this time what I noted is only Aeroflowbreastpumps.com carrying all of Motif replacement parts.♦ One must use Motif brand valves and membranes or duckbill valves. The flange opening where the valve would go is far smaller than Medela so trying to use Medela valvemembranes or third party ones from Nene SupplyMayomom will not work with the Motif Twist flanges.♦ Tubing is double ended which forces a lactating mom to use Motif parts. ( I did a hack and cut one of the ends off allowing for me to use flangeflange bodies from other companies. I also noted that the tubing is rather soft and has some stretch to it, allowing for me to remove the excess plastic from the end for use with Spectra tubing. Thus far I was able to use my Avent comfort flanges and my Medela personal fit connectors with Pumpin’Pals flanges with the Motif Twist. &#60; Most commercial, single user breast pumps use vacuum technology so flanges can be used interchangeably between brands.&#62;)♦ ( This is a personal con which may not be across the board for all moms.) Vaccum sucks the nipple and areola in well and creates good suction. I noted this phenomenon between three different company flanges where removing the flange from the breast is a bit of a task and has sort of a pop like noise from the release. I don’t have this feeling when using electric breast pumps from other companies.♦ Motif Medical only has Monday through Friday customer service from 8am-5pm EST.Update 172018I called Motif’s customer service asking about replacement parts and a larger flange size. Please understand that cutting the tubing to use different company flanges can and will void out your warranty. Parts is covered for 3m and motor is one year according to the warranty. I was informed that a 32mm flange is in the works and should be available soon this year. I was sent two 28mm flanges and extra valvemembranes. Although I have been using size 30mm flanges for most of my pumping career, I recently changed out to size 28mm to note that I am able to express well with the size. 30mm may be more comfortable for me to use with no chances of my nipple hitting the back of the flanges.Motif has an interesting flange for size 28mm. The body and flange is separate from each other. The diaphragms, I noted is bigger than what is included with the 24mm flange. It’s a small pot and is far deeper than the 24mm ones. 24mm Flange has a shallow pot diaphragm.  The flange is also shaped like a pot. It covers all of my areola and is quite comfortable. It’s far more comfortable than Medela in my opinion. I also decided to change valves from the two piece valvemembrane thing most companies put out. I switched to a third party duckbill valve from NeneSupply also sold on Amazon and noted that it fits onto the flanges and work well. The valvemembrane combination doesn’t offer good suction thus I need a higher vacuum to express with. Maymom another third party after market retailer also sold on Amazon carries a thread changer which also works well with Motif flanges. With the thread changer I was able to express into Medela and Ameda narrow neck bottles just fine. The thread changer only works properly with duckbill valves that aren’t Avent. ( Avent style valves one cannot express with using the thread. ) Thread also works well with the two piece valvemembrane combination.Overall, I would recommend the Twist. It’s a high quality pump and I personally respond to it well. Flanges are quite comfortable to use and the pump is extremely light weight. The pump is rather loud but it’s no louder than other pumps close to its size. Replacement parts may be hard to obtain but Aeroflow carries them as well as a call to customer service one can get them. Third party duckbill valves work with motif flanges and the 28mm flanges is easy to clean.Update 372018I recently went looking for replacement parts only to note that 1. Motif updated their website to include a parts store 2. The 28mm flange was updated. 32 is still not available, neither is a full flange size 21mm or 19mm. Currently the insert for the 24mm flange reduces the flange down to a 21mm. There is an insert for the 28mm flange however I was informed via customer service that it's only for added comfort and it doesn't change the flange size.The 28mm flange is now a single, one piece body, with a shallow pot diaphragm. It was changed as I was told the old version was more expensive to produce than the current model. The new 28mm flange has a very similar appearance to the 24mm flange included with the pump. I have yet to receive and use the new model but I shall soon and update this review again.Update 3272018I recently called Motif customer service. As my pump is still under warranty for parts I inquired about the 28mm flanges. I was sent another set of flanges though with shipping one of my flanges arrived broken.  It's no big deal as the original set I was sent is still functioning just fine. Motif has not changed their 28mm flanges. It's still a two piece item with a larger pot diaphragm.  The parts store shows a replacement diaphragm being the same size as it is for the 24mm flange. From what I am seeing via photos and what originally came with my pump the 24mm flange body has a  shallower pot for the diaphragm. Parts store claims the flanges both 24mm and 28mm use the same size diaphragm but such is not the case as one is far bigger than the other. There is still no other flange size out side of 24mm and 28mm. 28mm Flange now has an insert I have not used nor ordered as the flange is very comfortable to use.Still I would recommend the pump for mamas who use the available flange sizes. It's still a high quality pump and I believe it performs far better than my Spectra s2 and my Medela pisa ( pump in style advance.) Customer service is good and Motif makes quality breast pumps.Update 09122018I recently noted that Motif Medical has taken to offering their replacement parts and flanges on Amazon. We can not order breast flange kits with valvesmembranes and tubing included. Breast flange inserts, replacement valvesmembranes, diaphragms, extra flanges and so on is now sold on here making it convenient to get parts.My pump now being 8m old is currently in the process of being replaced. After doing routine maintenance of replacing tubing, duckbills ( I don't respond well to the valvemembrane combo so I don't use them ) and diaphragms monthly, I noted that my pump is no longer able to provide me with adequate suction even when increasing the suction on the pump. With daily use of three plus times a day it is past it's prime. As with other pumps I've replaced in the past, the old motor will be sent back in exchange for  the new motor. I never used the pump as a double as for me I noted that it doesn't perform well as such. I always used my pump as a single and on AC power, never battery. Using any pump as a double kills the vacuum strength thus motor is worked harder and mom would need to use higher suction overall. I would still recommend this pump for moms on the go now that parts is easier to get and the fact the pump is reasonably priced even when it's on sale.
7. Gimmick product. Save your money. Get a classic eyelash curler instead, it will do much more!
8. Great product, thickens very nicely.  Smells like the beach at first, but once in your recipe you won't notice it.
9. Nice quality oil with a good scent to it.  And it's CLEAN.  Will definitely purchase again.
10. Excellent quality good amount great price fast shipping , definitely buy again. Thank you
11. We love this detergent! It’s perfect for our babies sensitive skin and leaves little to no scent. I love that I’m able to order it and have it delivered to the front door so I don’t have to leave the house. It came with some tape on the top so there was no spill!
12. My daughter got alot of UTIs until we found this stuff! When you're on swim team or teach swimming---this is great to have!
13. Love it! It's very attractive and fits well! Don't know about the magnetic therapy part yet--so i can't say about that part of it.
14. Excellent product! Mixes beautifully well with water, making it easy for on-the-go portability. I have also blended it with fresh strawberries, as well as fresh blackberries, for a twist on lemonade. This will be a regular item. Tastes great, especially when it is hot outside. Would highly recommend it!!!
15. This product is great to put on every so often to try and prevent diaper rash. I like this product, too, as the smaller size is perfect for the diaper bag. I recommend! Only have 2 pictured but it came with 3. And don't get confused, it is a smaller tube but as I mentioned, perfect for travel!
16. Works great, it’s safe, smells pleasant
17. These were surprisingly great quality and easy to put together! They scratched off perfectly and were a lot of fun for the guest at our bridal shower.
18. I have not had them long enough to tell since I don't have shoes I need to use them.
19. Scratchy top-stitching along edges!  We have to cover the pad with a double-folded Queen-sized sheet to make a smooth surface for our little girl to sleep on.  It does the job of protecting the mattress from moisture.  She seems to be staying dry at night, otherwise I would return this.
20. I buy these monthly and I have no complaints.  I don't mind the boost of energy these give you.  The only thing missing is Iron which I don't think is ever contained in a daily vitamin anyway.
21. Not long enough.
22. We have used this for all three of our children from birth to when they get out of diapers.. it’s so gentle, easy to apply and works fast!
23. These little cord locks make all the difference in mask fitting and comfort.  I use a tiny crochet hook to slip them on to the cord.  I make masks and people like this option on them.
24. I'm buying 2 more pair now so I have a pair for each day of heavymedium flow.  At first they felt bulky like a diaper but after 1 wash and wear they move well and fit nicely. Awesome back up! Way better than any pad. Catchesholds quite a bit!
25. Great for hard candy
26. Works well!
27. I really liked this product; it works well and noticed my teeth getting whiter within days. Other whitening strips made my teeth sensitive while using it, but this one I had no issues with. I will definitely recommend and purchase this item again.
28. Middle age causes thinning hair and so does a thyroid problem. I've used a hair regrowth shampoo for 4 years, but it hasn't helped my lashes and eyebrows. This will be an internally ingested product to give me the thickness I miss in those areas. It doesn't have a lot of calories and hasn't made me grow a mustache! I got it at a reduced rate to review it and I know it won't change the color of my eyes the way some of the site-applied products will.
29. This came right away, so no problems with the seller. I take lots of vitamins, but fear glaucoma since it's in the family, along with diabetes. The Vision Health supplement is a great way to prevent problems as well as to keep the ones that are present from getting worse. I got it free as a reviewer, and intend to use all of it. It seems as though it's beneficial, so I'll likely be buying it when the free supply is gone.
30. This is awesome! Great value. Why pay more? I do wish it could run on batteries. However I love that it has a car adapter. I wish the house cord was slightly longer.
31. Might as well put this on subscription. Use this all the time for camping and beach. I don’t smell horrible and it makes my skin feel great.
32. I have worn these for years, and am finally taking the time to write a review. My podiatrist recommended them as a first step in treating a nasty case of plantar fasciitis that I acquired from running around barefoot for a production. I also work as a nurse, and am on my feet for 12 hours, walking an average of 10,000 steps or more at work. These were a miracle. It took time for the plantar fasciitis to heal, but these accelerated that process. If I wear shoes without them, or run around the house too long barefoot, it tries to flare again. If I behave myself and wear these in my shoes, I am completely pain free.  I've learned my lesson the hard way:-)
33. Easy to understand, communication from the company throughout the whole process.
34. Johnson & Johnson always deliver quality while knock off breads don’t. The swab never falls off the stick like they do with other brands. Every time I don’t buy J&J I’m disappointed, every time I do, I’m satisfied.
35. Putting these in mason jars and drink lids with drink packets and other goodies for my co-workers as a farewell gift.Love anything that isn't plastic. Hopefully my colleagues will like 'em too.
36. These worked well. They are thin and I stretched it too much, making the plastic wavy. Otherwise, it’s a great product.
37. These make great gifts for the jewelry lover who loves to travel.
38. Due to spending most of my time in either high heels or steel-toed work boots, I have inflammation in the nerves between my toes due to them always being squished together. These are great for fixing that. They are pretty uncomfortable at first and can only be worn for a short time, but it gets easier and easier. Before These, I could only put the incline on the treadmill up to 1.5 before the electric shooting feeling in my feet was unbearable, but after I wear these every time I am home and barefoot,  I can now crank it up as high as I want and I am not bothered. If you have the electric shooting pain between your toes due to cramped shoes or high heels, order some of these.
39. Daughter purchased...loves it
40. Yes it's a little pricey, but it smells great.  I think it cleans well and I love that there is also stain spray and sticks as well as softener!
41. Just what I desired! Great smell!
42. Decent quality but I'll stick with huggies wipes.
43. I have used this every day for the last 5 months and I love it!  I have a SUV and it still fills the air with the wonderful scent of my essential oils!
44. Does the job accordingly
45. I will be buying these again!  They are a wonderful price, came quickly and don't expire until 2017!
46. No instructions. I have no clue what those handle things are for. However I did use The stickies to keep the balloons holding together and the long ballon holder.
47. The bags hold scraps of food well, but they are a bit thin. They are also smaller than I expected. I can't fit them around the top edge of the trash bin that pulls out from one of my kitchen cupboards. However, I really like the biodegradable factor and I am figuring out ways to use them anyway.
48. Honestly idk what I’m doing wrong. But once I put it in. It just stays in place with no effort on my part. No matter which one or two I use. So didn’t work for me.
49. REVISED REVIEW-These pads are great for like two weeks, and quickly get too softget a line in them to rip your lashes out or stick to them in my case (see photo).  For this reason, they should be cheaper. The pads that came with my lash curler lasted me months in comparison.--------------------I bought a Kevin Aucoin eyelash curler and fell in love, however what I didn't fall in love with was the price tag every time I ran out of curler pads! The replacement pads for that curler, I don't even think they make, and I wasn't ready to shell out another $25 for a new curler and two pads. Then I came across this listing and all was right in the world! These fit my curler PERFECTLY and do a great job curling, just as well as my Kevin Aucoin pads did.  Definitely recommend these and I'll be purchasing again when I run out!(photo is my before and after lashes)
50. Sticks to glass ok, but needs to be adjusted every few days.
51. Amazing support! Love that they are adjustable
52. Wouldn't wear it
53. The product works well but both items have an expiration date that is too close for it to be so $$. The bottles were sealed but still leaked and were less than halfway full. It was hard to show in the picture that they weren’t full bc of the bottle colors.
54. Worked a couple of times, then stopped.  Put new batteries in; again, worked a couple of times and then stopped.  Repeat.  Gave up.  Returned.
55. Is a zero rating possible. This egg is horrible. First off it sounds like a smoke detected siren. Second it is jerry rigged inside and hot glued together. Good luck hiding something inside it and it being food safe. Also my visually impaired daughter is down right scared by this egg. Will not recommend and would recommend the talking egg or chirping eggs from other sellers on Amazon instead. and the price is OUTRAGEOUS
56. this fits really well. the quality is pretty good
57. Works just fine for me. Clear instructions, plenty of refills, comes with several preset so you don't have to immediately place the filters in the frames.
58. I also pack a couple of these aluminum bottles in my bag during a long dirtbike practice session.  Not only have I noticed I am nowhere near as sore the next day, but as the previous reviewer stated, it keeps your body going much better than Gatorade.  Unlike Muscle Milk, it does not leave your mouth with that "chalky" aftertaste for a while.  I really hope the company is successful with this brand because it is one of the best protein drinks I have ever had.  Way to go Attitude Drinks!
59. So glad I bought this.  We make our own bubble solution and it is so much cheaper than even the dollar store version.  The homemade stuff even works a lot better.  This stuff is great for bubbles.  I also found a recipe for bubble bath that I am going to try.  I would recommend this because it was a great price and it works well.
60. I love this, my son is autistic and so it is a great sensory bath toy for him, he loves to hold it and feel it, its really flexible as well and he likes when I rub his back with it, a great buy!
61. Amazing, I simply love this mask. I went out looking for alternatives to treat my migraines, my fibro group suggested a migraine mask. I went on searching and can across this mask. I've used it about 15 plus times already within two weeks and honestly it helps me sleep and also helps with my migraine. Yes the print side where the words are, is definitely colder.Suggestion:  Grab 2, I should've done that from the beginning like the other reviewers siad, because now I have to wait for the next one to arrive. Thanks for the company that made this, it's a life saver.
62. Why not eat the super fruit itself
63. Not close to fitting or being secure.Everything wobbled and fell off tray.Not a good option.
64. This is my 2nd and last purchase of this brand. These do help with blue light blocking but within a week 1 pair lost a nose protector and another pair chipped at the bottom with normal wear.  These replaced the previous set I had for 6 months but the lenses were starting to lose the tint.
65. I bought these socks as gifts for nurses' day. They were awesome!
66. Our 18 pound dog took about 15 minutes to destroy this.
67. This was not a satisfactory substitute for the Pilates &#34;half barrel&#34;, so I sent it back.
68. Easy to use and cooks vegetables perfectly!
69. This was my first experience with anything like this so take my review with a grain of salt.  I hated it.  It was scary and sharp and felt like it was dragging my skin. I think I'm too overly sensitive for something like this.  Just not for me.  It is well built and very heavy so I believe it's good quality,  just not something I'm into :)
70. I use this with Aussie’s detangling milk and it makes my curls well formed and defined and it is touchable.
71. My wife ordered these. She’s throwing a baby shower for her sister so she’s gluing them to toothpicks for...I’m not really sure why. For cupcakes maybe? Her sister is doing a girly “woodland animal” theme for the nursery. The main animal is a pink owl.I’ll admit, they’re pretty cute. Don’t tell people I said pink owls are cute or they’ll pull my man card.
72. Love these to clean my mat with and to spray for odor. Mine didn’t come with 6 towels, but I contacted a rep, and she replied and personally mailed me the 6 replacement towels.
73. Works well!
74. Been using this since our baby was a newborn. Although I know this company was under some scrutiny a while ago, I still think this is a great product. We haven't really had much diaper rashes, but when we did, this took care of it. It's a thicker consistently when the tube is new, but over time, it can become more liquid-y, especially in warmer temperatures and it turns to like an oil, so best to keep in a cooler place. Also, sometimes when the tube gets really old and low, there are some grainy things. I'm not sure if that's because the product has dried out a bit. Overall, I think this is a good diaper rash ointment or preventative ointment. It also goes on clear so you baby's butt isn't covered in like white.
75. This is a FANTASTIC set of blends for essential oil newbies. I have been dabbling in essential oils for aromatherapy, application, and cleaning purposes for a almost a year now and I've been pleasantly surprised with how much I like them. I'm a big fan of diffusing them to help with &quot;ailments&quot; and I think this set of blends is an amazing deal for a great set.What I like:1) This includes all of the most common oil blends that you can make if you have all of the individual oils. Stress Relief, Sleepytime, Headache remedy, breathe better, health shield (immune booster), and muscle relief. There are lots of mixtures you can do depending on the issue you are addressing, but these have been the most common (other than muscle relief) that we have used in our house.2) The sizes of the bottles are great. Its more than enough to last you a while, as you only need a few drops in your diffuser.3) They are already pre-mixed in the correct amounts. No guesswork, no worrying if you have enough of one oil or not enough of another, and you can always add a couple more drops of whatever you want to make this more customizable ( if you want to add slightly more eucalyptus or peppermint to the diffuser when you use &quot;Breathe,&quot; for instance)4) Dark amber glass bottles and heavy duty caps to keep the oils safe.5) Comes in a really nice box, so this would be perfect to give as a gift.What I don't like:I honestly haven't come across anything yet. All of the ones I've tried have been helpful and they smell exactly like the blends I had been doing.Overall, I'm glad I gave this set a try and I will definitely be buying my mother a set since shes just starting out with essential oils. I think this set is super convenient and well priced for what you get. I'm very happy with it!**I did receive this item for free for the purpose of testing and reviewing it, but my cost has no bearing on how I rate a product.**
76. Solves a common problem! Almost everyone who has ever used an Ace bandage for more than a day or two has lost some, if not all, the clips. And dropping a clip onto a hard floor and accidently stepping on it renders it useless. So what do you do when you need to use that Ace bandage, but have too few or worse yet, no clips at all? I've tried using safety pins as an alternative when I have no clips, but found that is really not a good solution, as it does not hold the end of the bandage evenly. This Pack of 50 clips will last a long time and I'm glad that it's a pack of 50, as they are not really durable, so they have to be replaced fairly often, like 3-4 days. But they are a much better alternative than to safety pins and certainly buying another expensive Ace Bandage.. They also come in handy to use on a really wide Ace Bandage, as the number of clips supplied by Ace seems inadequate. I'm glad I bought them!
77. Impressed that it actually works and relieves my pain.
78. My usually very happy 1 year old had a fever and HATED our old thermometer (used in the armpit).The pediatrician told me that at this age, she should use the ear thermometer for the best accuracy, so we got this one. It's SO easy to use, I wonder why we ever used anything else! The doctor said to pull on her outer ear a bit and point toward her cheekbone (angled towards the front, and slightly up).  Not only was the reading accurate, but it was so fast that I didn't have to worry about my daughter getting squirmy at all.Bonus is that my Trekkie husband calls it a phaser, and he and my daughter have a lot of fun using it.
79. I am a nursing student and purchased this Hemostat for my uniform. I have yet to use it but everyone compliments the cool black color. It is actually very good quality and would recommend to others!
80. Just as described. Works great.
81. The little plastic piece that helps attach it to the underwear broke off. But we have been able to make it work with something shoved in there. Other than that it works well.
82. These stain removers have been a lifesaver!  We keep one in our daughter's room and one downstairs where we spend most of our time. Just spritz the stain and wash whenever you have enough for a load and the stain comes right out!
83. It works well, but the fragrance is still a little strong for me.  It does fade and is not as bad as other bug repellents that I can't use because of that.  I don't even have to go outside.  These mosquitoes just seem to find me at home.  Thank goodness we are having cooler weather in California.  I know they will be back but I am prepared for them now.  The nice thing about this is it is also a moisturizer and blends in well.
84. Love this item
85. Love! I'm a sucker for samples, and this had several items I have never even heard if, let alone tried! Super excited to try it all out!
86. best stuff every! only product that has worked on my kids!
87. Waste of money, cause suffocation, unable to sleep more over doesn't serve the purpose at all.
88. I’ve used quite a few keto supplements and this one is NASTY. I could hardly even get it down. Didn’t bother drinking another one. It’s really bad. And didn’t get the energy the same as the PTK’s. Disappointed
89. barley any power... didnt last long
90. Great for icing my knee after ACL reconstruction. Lighter than the Chatanooga.
91. I have been wanting to try the charcoal teeth whitener, and this did not disappoint!  It is a little messy, so take care when opening the jar and dipping your toothbrush.  I suggest using this in the shower.  It isn't flavored, so there isn't really a taste with it.  I noticed a huge difference in how white my teeth were the first time I used it.  I feel like the results are similar to using Crest Whitestrips, without taking as long as long and without having sensitive teeth afterward.  I would highly suggest this for someone looking to whiten their teeth with minimal time and effort.
92. This stuff is not real Norwex and is a horrible product --and it actually costs MORE than real Norwex.
93. I bought this version specifically for the travel cases and they did not come with the order. I should have returned it.
94. I would've  given  this product a 5 star rating if two of the outside bristles hadn't broken off after the first use and two of the little rubber tips hadn't fallen off after the second use.But other than the faulty issues, it works great! My hair is really thick, coarse and curly but it still works like a dream! The only issue for me is getting my hair to stay straight near the ends, it tends to frizz up really bad.  But when I am totally finished my hair feels amazing, and it doesn't leave my hair flat and stiff like a board like my expensive flat iron($175) used to. My hair feels bouncy, weightless,  very silky and smooth (except for the ends, I have to go over with a curling iron after I am totally done to get my ends straight ) (even with hair serum and anti frizz ointment being applied on my hair before the brushing begins, my hair turns out amazing!).  I do recommend sectioning the hair first and going over each section at least twice for super curly hair.
95. I bought this for my daughter. She has autism and is very sensitive to loud sounds. She has trouble dealing with the fire drills at school, so the ability to have ear plugs on her at all times is important to lessening her anxiety. She was able to attach the clip easily on her belt loop. The ear plugs are easy for her to put in and take out. The biggest issue has been with the lid on the container. It takes her a bit to open and she sometimes needs help putting it back on correctly as it must be lined up just right to screw on correctly. With practice it may get easier though.
96. These held up pretty well for the money spent. My daughter who is autistic is obsessed with balloons and these are her current favorite! Will be purchasing again!
97. Neat concept, but the design still needs work. When working properly it is convenient to have the capability to store snacks in one side or water and a preintraworkout. It is, however, not without flaw.Leaking: I have one of the older versions of this shaker and noted leaking as a main issue. This was supposed to have been one of the areas of improvement on newer models, but it's still not perfect yet.Durability: 1 drop from no more than 2 feet rendered the shaker useless
98. You get what you pay for. These are cheap watch pins. The stem that fits into the watch case is too short to effectively hold the band on for very long. The first pin I installed on my watch fell out in one day. The double shoulder helps with the installation process. I did receive the installation tool with the kit. Two stars because they work if only for a short time. I am now sopping for a set of pins that have longer stems that will provide a more secure fit.
99. This really helped to get the treatment pin pointed.
100. It was good for a week and rthen it broke. My son plays soccer and has longer hair. He needed something to keep his hair out of his face and decided on these. He is 11 and they did fit well. The bad part was they started tearing after a week of use. We did try  and they worked much better. They are thicker and made from stretchable fabric. We like these much better.
101. This higher dose will provide me with twice as much Omega 3 than my previously used brand. I am glad I was able to find this extra strength supplement. I'm looking forward to seeing how this extra strength dosage will affect me. Highly recommended.
102. Camphor spirits! The price and effectiveness of this product!! There's nothing I don't like about it!!
103. I use Ciba Clear Care to clean my contact lenses every night. These are perfect when I travel!
104. Mounting bracket would not tighten because the material is too weak.  I bent the bracket to fit tighter, but it just bent back when tightening.  I finally screwed the bracket to the column by drilling and tapping.Hooks for the basket were too tight to install it.  had to be re-shaped to be functional.
105. Cons:  Adjusting screw is between the jaws, and interferes with picking up large items, like paper towel rolls.  Also very heavy for my wife.Pros:  Very sturdy.The suction cups seem like a waste.  Better without them.
106. My white vehicle had road tar in several areas- this product was great. Removed all the tar after consistent pressure with a microfiber towel. Highly recommended.
107. Seems to do a good job stopping the itch without a horrid smell
108. It is not a powerful pump but it does swirl things around nice.I use it to loosen up my leg muscles before i work out.Put it on bully setting and a little body wash in the water turns into a bubble bath with 4 inches of suds..I had 2 of these woeking one time in the same tub and it felt pretty close to a real hottub circulation.
109. The bed came damaged  :(  dent in the bench frame, scratches on glass and frame, hingebracket bent. I have to return it and order a new one.  Now i have to wait another two weeks for a new one. I hope it is not damaged.
110. Etekcity digital body weight scale is a good product.
111. I wear these overnight with some foot cream and they do an amazing job of softening rough heels.
112. Potent as it says it is... I love this product the energy is great and I needed this!
113. I love this scale very much. it syncs right away with my phone and fitbit app. The only funny thing is i have to weigh 3 times to get a very accurate reading. Well worth it to me. My daughter uses it also and I love how you can choose the initials of the person so it syncs to the right person. I love it... The batteries that came with it had a very short shelf life so be prepared to replace them right away. the new batteries are going strong. I also noticed it doesn't like really cold floors. not sure why, but that is what it seems like to me.
114. Just what I was looking for to take grout haze off of stone tiles.  Would have taken me days to do it by hand instead of hours with these.
115. I waited 6 months to post my review because I wanted to use this iron long enough. I am a seamster . I use my iron every day. I have had many irons in my 75 years of life. Listen to me and DO NOT BUY THIS IRON. It does not steam but it POURS the water in one part of your fabric while other parts are dry. This iron has not been made for even, nice, steam. Something is wrong. I use only distilled water. Dont pay even 10 Dollars for this iron.
116. Excellent product for neck pain
117. These masks are soft and comfortable to wear, but I wear eyeglasses and these masks do nothing to prevent fogging when you are wearing the mask. Although the fabric is 2 ply, your breath freely passes through the fabric and causes instant eyeglass fogging whenever the temperatures are cool. Since I live in Minnesota, cold temperatures are a constant issue. Very disappointed. I expected more from this purchase
118. Great replacement heads and great price.
119. A great product at a great price. Delivery was the very next day, I couldn't believe it.
120. This is the nicest sleep mask that I have ever purchased.  It is very soft and comfortable.  I love the single wider and adjustable band.  It is larger and covers my eyes entirely.  I love and recommend it to anyone needing a A+ sleep mask.
121. These are really good probiotics. My GF has problems with acid-reflux and I suggested this to her. She felt improvement the first day! She had tried one other of my probiotics which I've reviewed (discounted purchase) and didn't like the other brand (made her feel constipated) but she is a convert to the Power Pearls. She forgot to take them for 2 days and her reflux symptoms returned.Best of the 3 we've tried, and easy to swallow.
122. I was looking forward to getting this product for review-- I received a discount-- because I've had tinnitus for nearly 25 years. Because I've lived with it for so long, I'm not surprised that this supplement wasn't effective in my case. In fact, I would've been shocked if it had been!I will continue talking these and I will update my review if I notice a difference.
123. Not very easy to position the clippers against the nail and get a good vantage point.  At least for me.  I don't have any dexterity issues.  I see how this product could be good for others, but just not working for me.  The sides of my nails end up being a little longer than I'd prefer.
124. It works well for vaping
125. This works great when I need  only a few pills with me and,  I dropped my keys in a water puddle and the pills didn't get wet at all
126. Excellent value, low cost, works great.I'm a large person and it covers me perfectly.Very soft, warm and easy to use, no problem with wires getting tangled or feeling hard, uncomfortable while wearing.Can pull down lower to cover top of legs or put all of it on legs for a nice, warm blanketHighly recommend.
127. Can still trash downstairs fighting and screaming at their kids.
128. Great Fit, Great Feel !!!
129. I've tried a couple other generic brand and this one out last the others.  The quality is not great but acceptable for the price.
130. Very soft
131. This is something my husband takes with his vitamin regiment.  He likes the taste.
132. I've used it twice on wet feet and it works perfectly at getting dead skin off and smoothing .
133. Bought this electrolyte mix to use during a hike in Maine called the 100 mile wilderness. This is the last 100 miles of the AT. The recommended usage is 1 Packet per 16 oz of water but since the mix sweetness and flavor are very strong I ended up using one packet per 64 oz of water (2 Liters). This worked well because the continuous non-stop effort necessary to lug a 41lb pack up and down mountains for 8-10 hours per day requires constant intake of electrolytes. You can't just drink 16 ounces before starting and be good to go all day. You can sweat almost a liter of water per hour when its over 70 degrees and your exertion is high. Along with that sweat goes your electrolytes.Sodium (0.9 gramliter)Potassium (0.2 gl)Calcium (0.015 gl)Magnesium (0.0013 gl)I have depleted my electrolytes many times during training and on a long hike. It's not fun when your muscles no longer relax or begin to contract all by themselves. It can become very dangerous in fact.During my 100 mile hike on the AT this mix when combined with a tad bit more sodium from Himalayan Sea Salt worked well. I felt muscle fatigue but no cramping the whole time. The reason I added sodium is because this mix doesn't have enough. 90mg per packet of Sodium is just too little of an amount and this would make you rely on salty snacks to replenish what you lose in sweat. Despite that I chose this mix based on a ketogenic diet youtube influencer review. Despite the fact that Glucose can help you absorb electrolytes better I wanted to try this no sugar alternative.My take is this:Next time I will use a mix with real sugar in it rather than something with an alternative sweetener. The stevia  monk fruit combo in this mix was good but a bit too sweet for me and may have attributed to some digestive issues  along with the high potassium content when used in a stronger concentration.The last day on my hike was over 20 miles and it was non stop go go go. I decided to mix one packet per 32oz (1 Liter) for a stronger electrolyte compound as I was losing lots of water through sweat. After ingesting two liters over a 4 hours period, each with a full packet, my digestive system went full steam ahead and this was not good. The rest of my night was all about the bathroom!
134. Been diagnosed with GastritisColitis, and use for those issues. WOW! I'm impressed, every day I'm a little less severe. They had me on Famotidine for over a year and this did more for me than that in 1 week. Note: I take 5 pellets!
135. If you are considering this to take orally for hair growth--I'd reconsider.According to the Progressive Health website, it is a diuretic, and like other diuretics flushes potassium out of your body, and can cause dehydration.  Potassium is required for normal heart function and people on long term diuretics for high blood pressure have to have the electrolytes (minerals) in their blood monitored regularly; they often require potassium supplementation.  Imbalance of electrolytes is a serious side effect.&#34;Horsetail supplements should not be used for prolonged periods. This is because it is an irritant which can have adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract and also because it inhibits the absorption of Vitamin B1.  To prevent Vitamin B1 deficiency, it is advised that people using horsetail should also take multivitamins or Vitamin B complex supplements.&#34;  Progressive Health article on horsetail for hair loss.You can read about more side effects, but for me, I'm trying to hydrate--not dehydrate. I'm trying to get vitamins in my body, not get rid of them.Silica in horsetail is reputed to be the agent that helps against hair loss.  Diatomaceous earth is 85% silica and contains trace minerals (lacking in our modern food supply).  And it is much cheaper and has added health benefits (kills parasites).I wish I had read this before purchase.  I like Bulk Supplements Co. and I use their products, but for my use--this is not worth the side effects.
136. It is extremely soothing. From bites to poison rashes. I remember this being in my parents bath cabinet when I was growing up but I had never used it. I have no idea what they used it for but now it is my favorite awill be a staple in my house.
137. As expected . ..good quality  bandaids
138. Not bad for the price except that the flip up head hinge broke off after a few months.
139. I like the original formula. What else can I say?  Why mess with a good thing?
140. Great product and fast delivery
141. My husband was experiencing what his doctor thought and what I suspected was beginning stage dementia. One example: At a buffet restaurant he'd forget where we were sitting and go sit at another table by himself. I was desperate to find something to help him because he refused to see a specialist. Then I read about lion's mane's reputed help with memory loss, and I looked for a high-potency product on Amazon. I chose Relentless Improvement brand because it has no fillers and seems to have the greatest bang for the buck. After 2 12 months of continued use (2-3 capsules daily), I can't believe the change. He seems just like his old self again, and I'm no longer worried he'll pull out into on-coming traffic while driving. It's like a gift from heaven.
142. Use it daily! No issues and it's been over a month.
143. I've used this product for different purposes. Dying my hair, cleaning, shopping.
144. Worked as described
145. Changed my life in a very positive way.
146. Perfect oil for dry skin.  doesn't get oily!
147. Its a stupid product. The video is fake and totally not true. Waste of money. I could go to the shop and buy a 8 dollar shiner to shine my table. This was a total waste. U do not recommend it.
148. I like it! Despite some reviews I have decided to buy and it worked great. I used in couple of projects (once as an additive to epoxy glue) and it is brighter and longer than a lot of medium and higher class watch hands.
149. Don't understand the hype. Didn't moisturize my lips at all. Threw it away
150. I bought this spray to try in my husband's work boots. The scent is a little strong but it seems to do the trick. I just spray the inside of his boots after work and generally the next day, his feet don't smell. The smell could be a little overwhelming for those sensitive to scents.
151. Super comfortable. Makes traveling long distances in the vehicle much less painful for my hips and sacroiliac joints. I love it. My husband tried the cushion and enjoyed it so much that he wanted one. Now he loves his, too.
152. much smaller than I expected, and not very soft at all.
153. I have a significant problem with arthritis (thanks Mom!), and I needed a good sized heating pad for my knees. After mumtiple surgeries on my knees, shoulder, elbow, and thumb joints, I go through a lot of cold and heat product, and I’ve used this one every day for two months without a problem. Some of the electric heat pads I’ve purchased died within 90 days.I don’t rate products easily, and I save 5 Stars for truly outstanding purchaeee. This was a solid 4.
154. Not the beat quality. They were different sizes and thickness
155. Made my economy flight a lot more bearable. Great piece!
156. Mixed with coconut oil to use for arthritis in my knees.  I haven't had it long enough to see how effecntive it is.
157. Always helpful
158. Does a good job----once you can get it to work. I was excited to get this item but it is very difficult to get the battery cover on.  It does not screw on as one might expect, you must have to fit tiny little groove into slots inside the unit.  I had to remove the casing in order to get them in.  If this were not an issue, I would give this a 5-star grade.
159. Really? Are they kidding us? Okay, I had to admit that I got taken by the commercial. I never get taken (well, hardly ever Captain Corcoran liked to say) by these things. But I also have lots of &quot;scuff marks&quot; around the house, on walls, doors, railings, etc., plus oven gunk that needs to be cleaned off. It's that second part that really made me try this, since it talked about how great this works on stove tops and ovens. Yeah, right. The &quot;eraser&quot; is a flimsy sponge-like material, that does nothing. And unlike even the cheapest sponge, it does not hold up to even the most gentle rubbing on any surface. You are supposed to wet it, and then rub it on the stain, or dirt, or gunk. However, if you try that, even on a slick wall, it falls apart in your hands. It's like trying to clean your car's exterior with Kleenex! And even if you can rub it over a surface, gently, and keep it in one piece... it has absolutely no ability to clean! None! You would do better to spit on your fingers and rub them on the surface. And at least your fingers don't disintegrate, and you don't have to feel really stupid to have fallen for this con by &quot;Mr. Clean&quot; and thrown money down the drain. By the way, never let this go down the drain... since it clogs it! I used to love the Mr. Clean commercials as a little boy, and had a neighbor who looked just like the bold mascot... so when I'd go to the supermarket with my Mom, I always told her she should buy dome... but my Mom always laughed and told me that the product itself was totally useless. Yes, everyone... always listen to your mother. Stay away from this money wasting useless crap!
160. Does the job, but the caps on the large bottles don't always go on correctly---they don't seem to line up right and have sipped off when I didn't triple-check to make sure it had latched.  This doesn't to be a problem with the smaller ones, so I guess it was something off-specification in the manufacturing of the larger ones.
161. Better choices out there. Blade isn't steel, starting to rust after a while. No power to cut dense beards.
162. Easy set up.  Works great!
163. These are my favorite whitening strips!!! I have purchased them twice now. I love how gentle they are because my teeth are a little sensitive, and I cannot handle the products that come with LED lights or professional whitening done by a dentist. I have also tried charcoal whitening products, and I found them to be too abrasive. Other brands of whitening strips, such as Crest, I have found too harsh. Mr. Bright strips can be left on for 10-30 minutes, and you can use them occasionally for a "touch-up" or consecutively for the full 14 days. I had to write a review for this product because I recommend it to everyone. Do not expect dramatic results because they are gentle and an OTC item, but they are definitely worth it. I think the results are noticeable, and they last for a few months. I tend to use these a week before a special event or if I just feel like my teeth are looking dull.
164. the sponge heads at the store have a hole in the middle they all leak like crazy these do not leak they last about a month I use them all the time so that my be why they only last a month but I love them and will be buying them again!!
165. I will pass this on to my friends and family.
166. Wonderfully odoriferous. Good value, timely shipping!
167. These barely fit my ear. Way too small. For the same price you can get a few dozen disposable ones that fit into the shape of your ear canal - those seem like lower risk than this (and I ended up getting those too). Wouldn't recommend these as a one size fits all. Which it seems like is their approach.
168. If you are looking for something to help with your sitting comfort, this Wondergel will help. This is my second purchase, I bought one for my wife and I. Very please with the purchase.
169. I used these in a pair of "Uggs by Quoddy" moccasins.  4 stars only because there's no adhesive material included here (best bet is to use some rubber cement).  Otherwise, quality replacement insoles that will make your Uggs feel like new again.
170. Works great, cheaper than Walmart
171. Too hot. And being tied to the USB... Insane.
172. Good for Four or Five Cigars or 2 with a lighter
173. They last longer them most cr123 batteries.
174. These are as advertised and do a great job. They do grip better than usual holders. DO NOT wash with linty towels or you will get linted holders--I'm still not really happy with Mr. for that one!
175. Big screen to read, we like it.
176. A little expensive. But very good
177. Exceeded my expectations. I bought this for camping and travel. We were able to put three large duffle bags, air mattresses, blankets and sleeping bags in it.  Everything stayed dry. That left room for camping supplies in my Toyota Highlander and five passengers. I used ratchet tie downs in addition to the ties included ( put a rag under each ratchet to insure no rubbing).  I also put tarps in the bottom of my hitch haul to insure that the hitch haul bolts did not wear holes in the bag.  Worked perfectly.
178. Bought this for my dad. He says it easy to use
179. We love these fruit chews, they are the BEST!!
180. Simply did nothing for me!!
181. All the containers kept opening & meds fell out....took a long time to resort. I quit using it because no matter how tight they appeared closed...medicine still fell out. Great concept..poor product
182. Thank you
183. This is a great product ! Very powerful , please follow the mixing and use instructions .
184. That is so weak and feel unsafe
185. I am THE happiest camper with this flat iron!  Keep it in the console of my SUV.  Worth every penny.  Pick this one to buy.  Others failed me.
186. Cheaper than the tool truck, and same great fit
187. I Love my little witch.she is perfect
188. This spray works great on shoes that have “that wanky smell” to them.  I sprayed some Sketchers ankle boots that have had that smell since the day I bought them a year ago.  It was frustrating that new boots came with that smell, but they were comfortable so I tolerated them. So I sprayed just 2 pumps into each boot and let them sit overnight.  First off, the minty smell of the spray was very nice, secondly, in the morning the boots did not have that wanky smell anymore, thirdly the minty scent lingered in the boots, and 3 days later the boots had no wanky smell and no minty smell.Amazing.  It has been a couple weeks now, and I have worn the boots 6 times.  That wonky smell never returned - it it wonderful.  This spray is fantastic!
189. I had a brick hearth under an old wood burner, removed the wood burner and installed a propane stove, several bricks and the mortar in some areas were a mess, I liked the old brick but had to do a bunch of repairs then grind off the excess mortar and some high spots in the brick. The result was some brick looked brand new, some mortar was pale and newly ground down the whole thing looked really rough, I used less than 13 of the bottle applied with a cheap paint brush, it now looks like the whole thing was nicely done 25 or more years ago. I can't believe how well this stuff works. The real test of its look is, Momma loves it!
190. My Air filter systems UV light system burned out...bought this, and plugged in right next to my air filter.  Working Great!
191. Its working great I see a difference in my skin and feel a difference in my joints thanks a lot
192. Hard to reach the tightening straps
193. Recently someone sprayed our small office with a couple of squirts of the Glade ICY Evergreen Forest . It felt like Christmas. I was happy to find this spray available at Amazon. I also purchased the plug-in scent warmers.
194. Very relaxing scent.  Plant Therapy is a quality brand.
195. I have fibromyalgia and use this to loosen up my shoulders and relief the pain.  It works very well.  You need a small amount so the tube last longer than you think it would.  The smell is very strong when you put it on (my cat runs from the room) but gets very light quickly.  Just make sure to wash your hands immediately after use.
196. Thick and comfortable when they come out of the package.  I use mine in a medical boot because it is so hot and the inserts are flat with no cushion (and I doubled up) after 2 days.
197. I received this 2 weeks ago and it was very good.  I open (and close) it 3 times a day.  The hinge is already noticeably loose.  I don't expect it to last long.
198. I've had it for just about 2 days (THANK YOU for getting it to me days before the initial delivery date) I like everything about this chair so far, save for 2 items. The beeping every time you press a button. Honestly, it is obnoxious and I'm on the hunt to disable it. The turning radius is much larger than I am used to given I had an Invacare TDX SI, this is just an adjustment I have to make to the chair, so my mild frustration to it is on me.The chair is comfortable, it is quiet, and I like the little storage bag way more than I expected to (after years of just filling my lap). Getting it ready to use was very simple as well.50lbs sounds lighter than it weighs. LOL. It'll be easier to go mobile than my old chair which was around 200lbs but it isn't as mobile as I thought it might be. We will see how it goes.Bottom line is I am happy with my purchase, had to come out of pocket for this because my old chair just decided nope not working anymore so I needed a replacement quickly.
199. Love it I organize the whole month bought 6 of them:..
200. Typical bounce sheets, with a factory-generic pleasing semi-masculine scent. Exactly as expected.
201. Taste went away almost immediately. Everyone I shared it with said the same exact thing. I'm not sure if Stevia Gum can be done, but this product certainly hasn't cracked the code yet.
202. Works OK. Maybe not as well as a cyptic pencil but also doesn't leave a black mark.
203. This will definitely cover both upper and bottom denturel, but the container is not leak proof. It's to be used at home and not for storing dentures while traveling unless stationary.
204. Copaiba oil is a very important component in the care of a family member who has, amongst other health problems, a muscle cramping problem. Post-cramp, a little massage using coconut oil and a few drops of copaiba oil, has proven to be the most effective way to ease sore muscles. We have tried many over-the-counter products but nothing beats copaiba oil and there are no contraindications with the prescription meds.There was a snafu in shipping but the seller made it more than right.
205. Prefer the egg white protein bars for flavor, but these grass fed bovine bars are not bad at all, considering the phenomenal health benefits
206. NOPE. Not 1000mAh.Put this in a project that had a 600mAh pack that ran ALL NIGHT. With this pack in the project, I'm lucky to get 6 hours out of it.
207. Love these ,, the colors are bright like I wanted
208. The product is exactly as expected but the order did not come with the pump as described.
209. I always sleep with a mask and I’ve had so many different stylesbrands. This is by far the most comfortable mask I’ve ever used! It’s soft and lightly padded which feels good on my eyes. And it has a little material that blocks out 100% of the light if its adjusted right. The best thing is the little metal buckle to adjust the strap isn’t right behind my ear which most masks it is and it hurts when I sleep on my side- this one is pain free and perfect! I’m tempted to order a couple more as backup for the day when I wear this one out!
210. This was a waste of money.  I found it ineffective.  If you want to drink a bunch of caffeine and not feel anymore alert than this is for you but I won’t spend my money on it again.
211. The description says it's chargeable. The box says it's not.
212. This is my third attempt for a "memory" type product. I did just order a second bottle of Focas. I do seem to be paying more attention to detail of late. Therefore I am hopeful this is the right product for me. Will update if needed. Age..77
213. I like the glasses when spotting stains, calmer on my eyes.
214. Good fit.  Decent backing.  Not as plush as some, but nonetheless, a very good liner at a good price.
215. This is an excellent body exfoliating tool, it replaced my back brush, scrubs, and exfoliating gloves. After the first use my body felt so soft and smooth. My back acne is drying up, and the tiny pimples are going away after using it 5 times. I also got a smoother shave this time without cutting myself.  I also use regular body wash with it and it suds up incredibly. The net sponge dries quickly after using, and moreover it is white so I can wash it with my white towels when needed. I also cut a small piece to gently scrub my face and my face felt great. I think this will last me for years. I will forever buy this stuff.
216. So gross.  Tastes like cough syrup.  It smelled amazing and I was really looking forward to trying it, but man it is nasty.  Leaves a really bad after taste as well (I think from the sweetener).  My husband who loves all flavors of juice wouldnt even use this product.
217. I probably won't use these; since they weren't expensive I probably won't return them, but when I used them to block my wife's snoring, unlike my Anker headphones, instead of silence, I could hear my heartbeat and my own breathing so loud, that was as bad as the snoring.  The Anker ANC headphones while uncomfortable to sleep with give me a wonderful pure silence.  I'm going to look for active noise canceling buds instead.
218. Little pricy but gives me the opportunity to salute the "Queen of Bengazi" every day, thanks!!
219. This laptop table works great.
220. Easy to use.  Good quality product.  Thank you.
221. The consistency is a decent mix of moist and thickchewy, close enough to a real brownie. The taste is unique. It has a fairly distinct sweetness that stands out, and will be a deal killer for some. With low sugar and about double the protein as compared to fats, the macro nutritional count is good. If you are used to sacrificing taste for nutritional value you’ll probably be used to these trade offs; if you are looking for an actual brownie you’ll be disappointed. Personally I’d rate the Eat Me Guilt Free Nutty Monkey brownies as better, if you are looking for a snack that doesn’t disrupt your macros.
222. my wife loves it, finally a place to put all her oils in and keep them organized
223. Just what I needed
224. Works as expected
225. I had high hopes for this product, but alas I was dissatisfied. I found it necessary to reapply the product every 45-60 minutes. I would not repurchase this product.
226. I HOPE YOU LIKE THE SENSATION OF ALTOIDS ON YOUR GOOCH I SURE DON'T
227. I've tried a view. This one tastes good and dissolves more easily than others. I've ordered again already. Many thanks!
228. Not worth anything, kinda keeps it cleaner but barely, plus makes it even harsher after a few bowls
229. Great stuff, but too expensive..
230. Long time getting here! Fits fine in brush handle.
231. This is the best laundry softener I have ever used. All of their softeners smell amazing.
232. I like the price! $62...
233. As many others have said, these are 2 oz cups. They’re also poorly packaged - just shrink wrapped so at least a dozen are crushed or otherwise damaged.Pity because they’re a cute pattern. Might keep, haven’t decided yet.
234. Not very sticky; they kept falling off. Sent them back.
235. Really like the double compartments.  I wish it wasn't quite as deep as I cut tiny oblong pills and it's hard to get it situated in the groove with that depth.
236. Product works great for my hives and anxiety condition that flared up during a case of poison ivy. Helped relieve both of my conditions. I reordered because poison ivy takes 3-4 weeks to resolve. I chose this product instead of steroids and antihistamines.
237. The photo showed a container with 32 onces of hydrogen peroxide but the description is for half of that.  The price is exorbitant if you only get half of what is shown in the photo.
238. I paid a hefty price for, what I believed, was a "better" bath brush and it being made in Germany sealed the deal but after a couple of weeks I could see the tacks used to secure the hand strap to the head of the brush were beginning to RUST.  You'd think that a brush costing this much $$$ would use STAINLESS STEEL tacks but NO.  So now I'll need to remove the hand strap and the rusty tacks to avoid further staining.  I wonder how long it will take for the Olive Wood to split in half.  And NOWHERE on this brush is it labeled a Redecker brush so it could have been made ANYWHERE, like China or Vietnam.  Overall???  A complete rip.  Save your $$$ and buy a cheap plastic brush.  Frankly, I'm sick of being ripped off by manufacturers who think we're all uneducated fools.  Really P'd off!!!
239. Easy to assemble, easy to operate. Gives a great infrared session directly where you need it. Shipped promptly & good price. Would purchase again.
240. Was glad to see these arrive.These are made well and will be quite useful.The 510 threading goes WAY down through the center - I can't imagine any RDA, RTA, or anything else with a 510 connector being too long to screw down into these threads and bottom out before it meets the base.  Nicely done.The base does not come with any kind of anti-slip material stuck to the bottom, but it is machined out so you can attach one if you are so inclined.  I will measure this machined inset and look around for something close that fits with an adhesive backing, but even without it, it will be very useful for building on or storing an atty while something else gets some mod time.Thank you for making these - they are priced reasonably enough that it will save me the timetrouble of making some myself.  These address a very practical need for any vaper that has a topper with a 510 connection - especially if it's a rebuildable.Definitely recommend!
241. These work great for cleaning. The thickness is just right and they fit well.The box arrived damaged and isn't particularly durable. This didn't impact the gloves, obviously, but I thought I'd mention it just in case it mattered to anyone.Additionally, when you pull one out of the perforated top, 10 more come out. Not sure if that's normal with boxes of disposable gloves, however.
242. I always  try to buy this brand of tissue.
243. Hope it is never used but glad I have it if needed
244. These aren't returnable so think carefully before you choose to buy them. I bought them to replace an old Ace Bandage but they are so short, slippery, and weak -  I went back to using the old Ace Bandage.  I think I will donate these and then go buy another bandage.  Waste of time and money
245. Nice product fast shipping great on neck and head , after a year still working well just noisy ..
246. Tried the detox via the ion foot bath at a friends house. They had a very expensive machine. Being cheap, I looked at various machines and settled on this one. Works like a champ and glad I bought it. Because of the 5 yr warranty and being stateside was the clincher. Have used it many times on a regular basis. 2 days on and one off. Easy instructions, cant go wrong. I threw in ton of salt to see what would happen alarm went off and reset it. Use very little salt. Great product and fast delivery. Worth it.
247. I should have replaced the blades years ago! They work excellent! I even mowed some of those long gray wild chest hairs, and outside of needing to clean out the shaver head repeatedly, it worked. Changing the cutters is easier than it looks, don't start prying on the little tabs! Just push the cutters down one at a time and slip out. What a deal.
248. I consume this cod liver for the vitamins A and D, and the omega-3. This batch wasn't as smelly as the first (or I'm getting used to the fishy smell!). I still season the liver with a bit of lemon juice or vinegar to kill the smell even more. Bottom line: nutritious seafood without the bones!
249. I wasn’t sure I was going to like these glasses. I didn’t notice the bridge was metal but they are VERY comfortable! They have a very slight yellow tint, so slight I didn’t notice it at first. But the tint is very relaxing to my eyes when using my iPad. I highly recommend. They are very sturdy, nicely designed and there is no distortion in the lens and I love the colors. I will definitely be ordering more.
250. this is the only ones i use for my feet , soft and smooth and gentle for my skin under feet..
251. I'm not really a fan of this. Some say it works great, I didn't think so. I even tried using it during a hot shower so that my pores would be open. Not really impressed, but I'll try again and if it ends up working better I'll update my review.
252. I like the small pouch to store these clippers.  These will be so easy to take along on our trips.
253. Love this mask.  Fits well without any gaps
254. These make a deep grinding noise, almost as if the mechanics are a bit misaligned.  They work fine however.  That’s all that counts!
255. Does not work. Almost seemed to attract more cats. I would not recommend buying this.
256. I was given a second hand wood table with "character marks" like 40 years ago. The marks were not bothersome as it gave character. What I could not stand were the hideous white heat or water rings that were created the last 5 years. I figured this product could not make it uglier and gave it a try after viewing videos and reading other reviews. Applying the product was easy; I went with the grain and wiped it off. The white marks took lite elbow grease and these magically disappeared! Some of the character marks are gone also. Almost looks new. There wasn't much of a smell which I was happy about since I don't have much ventaliation living in an old city apartment with few windows. I am soooo pleased with the product that I might do my desk that I purchased in a second hand shop 40 years ago. For the price, I suggest to try this first before considering going to furniture restorer.
257. I believe the B-6 vitamins were fairly priced for the quantity. I take them every day to help alleviate the symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. There is science to support the efficacy of B-6 therapy for treating carpal tunnel syndrome
258. I've been using Cloverine Salve since I was born, well my mom did it for me! 3 generations can't be wrong! 😆 I use it on practically everything except burns until the healing process has started! Get some It's so worth it!
259. I got these for my wife who said they cut like butter. No jagged edges. They cut smoothly and you barely have to press down on the lever. You’ll never buy the cheapo CVS Walmart ones again.Spending this much on nail clippers? You would be crazy NOT to! I don’t think we got fake ones. This is a high quality machine. I’m already ordering the bigger one
260. The materials that were used for this one is not a good quality.  The foams tends to crumble.Not easy to use either.
261. Looks nice and works great on my metal door.
262. DMSO is good stuff. It helped to defeat carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists, and arthritic shoulders and knees. absolutely amazing.
263. If you are looking for a securement device for any type of medical tubing situation, port-a-cath, PICC line, central line, urinary catheter, dialysis sets, feeding tubes and for any age category of patient I recommend getting this device first.  This comes from some time of buying device after device for tubing securement with many different types of lines and while some worked for some types of lines but not others or did not work with any, or did not hold well enough or if they held it was because the adhesive was very irritating finding this device was amazing  and I wish I had known about it first as it would have saved weeks of hunting, saved a great deal of money spent on poor devices that did not do what was needed and mad things way more comfortable for the patient and a great deal safer without risk of pulling a line loose.My daughter has both a port-a-cath and a feeding tube, and also has had a PICC line and a central line in months prior,  and one of the greatest difficulties we have had is finding a securement device that works well with for her and will hold some of the tubing and liens she has that are not easy to secure such as her feeding tube.  The ones both supplied by the hospital and by her home health care are probably good for a standard set up with a child's feeding tube, as that is what they usually deal with but, with an adult it did not secure well and while one area would hold well it was too loose or tight in the other.  This device with the separate strips that can be adjusted for the parts it needs to secure is absolutely an amazing answer to what was a very frustrating problem we had.  And because of the fact that it's versatile in how it can hold the tubing andor connector it can be placed in slightly different areas so that its not a constant irritant in one spot.  It was also listed as hypoallergenic and my daughter has many problems with adhesives and allergies to them,  and this one hasn't caused any problems even after 24 hours of use.  And given the prices we have paid for various securement devices that did not work anywhere near as well the price point was excellent.I really appreciated the seller was detailed in showing how their device worked in on their sale page and the different options for different types of tubing.  Since it is not irritating her as other devices have, and her port securement device does, we will also be switching to use this device for her porta-a-cath.  Obviously this will be something I will be re-buying on a regular basis.  I was very happy to have finally found this listed, as well as the images demonstrating how it worked when search Amazon for a solution.  I really cannot stress to a parent or caregiver how this really should be the first device you try because it's so versatile and you have so many ways of configuring it to work well, even if you later settle on a device made specifically for the tubing you have, using this device first is really going to show you what configuration you need in a device to hold tubes properlyThe seller shipped it quickly and promptly and it actually arrived well before the date stated it would arrive when I ordered.
264. Cheaply made. Sticker on lid popped off almost immediately. Returned as not as expected and very flimsy.
265. I have never liked sponges until now. Magic Eraser does a better job on my washable wallpaper than terry. It did not scratch or cloud up my chrome fixtures when I removed hard water deposits, and I didn't even have to use vinegar. After testing a spot, I cleaned my stainless steel sink. I'm looking forward to wiping my showertub without cleaning product fumes. I won't use the sponge everywhere for everything, but for those 4 chores, it's a winner.
266. Nice, easy to use.
267. I am in lust with the pumpkin balm, it is not overly sweet smellingtasting.  the candy cane balm is yummy as well.  I have a bad habit of picking at my lips and these balms have put an end to it.  my lips have never been so smooth!
268. I'll first begin by saying that probably a good thing I didn't like this product, therefore it didn't end up using it. I say this because, I would have ended up scarring the heck out of my face had I used it even once.Here's what I did like about this product:***The case, the case was truly beautiful. It was as if it were from I don't know the 40s or the 50s when they used to make things really well. And a truly was beautiful.***The price point, for around $8 I thought that there was a lot within the set as far as various implements. So therefore I thought insofar as money wise you got good bang for your buck as a consumer.Here is what I did not like about this set:***Extraordinarily, extremely, and exceptionally dangerous. When I'm telling you these things are surgically Sharp.. I'm telling you these tools are surgically Sharp.  You could so easily hurt yourself and certainly scar your skin using any of these tools and I would not recommend it for the removal of blackheads or relief of pimples.  No one, perhaps not even a trained professional could wield these tools in the safe manner.***Lastly, one of the implements that I managed to pull out of course I stabbed myself in the process but that's beside the point the head of this tool fell off immediately when I pulled it out. I looked everywhere on the floor for it couldn't find out where fell to this day haven't found it cuz I thought to myself maybe I'd glue it back. But even still, a brand new item should not be falling off like that regardless if if you're easily able to glue it back on or not. So that's why I say that it has the illusion of being high quality but the reality it really wasn't the highest quality product.I suppose because of the beauty of it, it could be a gift.  But I'm telling you that it is so dangerous that I wouldn't recommend it to anybody and I certainly wouldn't buy it again.
269. Decent pricing.  The flavor does not count in the review OK...lol.  Shipped within a week of ordering.
270. Bought these for my husband as certain shoes were rubbing on ankle bone and irritating. Fit him well and cushion stays in place. Easy to hand wash and dries overnight. Good product would buy again.
271. This is better than I thought very happy with this Xmas item
272. Very pure
273. This hot water bottle has thicker walls than most I've owned which is really nice. The texture of one side actually helps keep you from getting too hot and adding the hot water bottle sweater helps even more. If you want moist heat, just add a damp washcloth between the hot water bottle and its sweater. Just remember to empty it after use and do not microwave it.
274. This beet root powder smells like dirt and the taste is very strong and NOT good.  I’ve tried mixing it with other flavors but haven’t been able to mask the bad flavor!  Further - even though I’ve ingested it anyway - I’ve noticed NO results as far as increased energy or anything else.  Will not purchase this ever again.
275. I love the Swerve products - both the granular and the powdered worked very well in my Keto recipes, and had no aftertaste at all.  I would have left 5 stars, but the product is quite expensive and it isn't even a full pound of either type of erythritol.  However, I purchased a cheaper kind - and it just wasn't as good.  It didn't dissolve well and left my recipes grainy; and also left a very cooling sensation on the tongue that I did not like at all.  I then tried another product, which was Stevia and Erythritol mix, that said it had no aftertaste - but it did.  I then ordered more Swerve - even though it costs considerably more than the others.
276. The scissors cut terribly and the razor is difficult to cut exactly how one would like. Very frustrating.
277. as expected
278. What I liked:-Easy liquid form to add to teas, smoothies, and other drinks-4,250mg of Elderberry Extract (very potent)-Flavor is tart, but sweet at the same time (tastes great when added to other drinks)What I didn't like:- Bottle has a wide opening so it's easy to pour more than 1 tsp if you're not careful. I place the bottle lid over a teaspoon measuring cup, which is also above my drink. Haven't had any issues or spills.OVERALL: Great product!UPDATE 1 Nov 2021:- Still love this product and I keep purchasing it for the antioxidants, especially during flucovid- To solve the dripping issue, I left the metallic covering on the bottle and used a razor blade to make a small triangle opening. I place my finger over it while shaking the bottle and then I remove my finger to pour it into my teas. No drip, no mess.-Flavor is great!!!
279. What I liked:-Product has a nice amount (100mg) of COQ10-Plus 100mg of d-alpha-tocopheryl (Vitamin E)-Both ingredients have many health benefitsHaving some heart issues, I take COQ10 every day!
280. What I liked:-Subtle but very good flavor in water (helps me drink more water since I like the flavor)-High in antioxidants which is a real plus for me at my age (going on 65)-Easy to add to water, smoothies, or other drinksI use it twice and day and really enjoy it. I'm sold on powders since they are so economical.
281. Didn't work for me, but perhaps it might work for others. I am only able to void my bladder to about the 50% level. After trying the Bladder Void and not experiencing any relief, I reluctantly started taking a prescription drug. I hope this product works for others, but for me, it just didn't help.
282. These ear plugs are great at keeping out noise but not so great for sleeping. I find them a tad too hard of a plastic to be comfortable in my ears when laying on my sides. I also find my ears itching a lot as well, so I have no idea what sort of material these are made of but for sleeping, no, I would not purchase these again. For outdoor work, yes, they would work just great if they didn’t make your ears itch.
283. I have carpal tunnel and arthritis in my hands which makes it very difficult to grasp utensils and grip onto things. Eating was a struggle until I purchased this item. I don’t have to grip onto the spoon so tight or twist my wrist to eat any longer. Using my fingers is difficult most days which is why this spoon is a great product for anyone who has problems with their hands. Works fantastic!
284. Works great
285. Very easy to attach to glasses. Very comfortable
286. The easiest opener I have ever used.  It takes much less hand strength than others of its kind.
287. Very large and bulky.  When you fold it, it is still fairly large and is bulky. I don't see much size advantage in this one over other styles  because of this. The one I received was white, not gray as in the picture.
288. I have been wearing the posture corrector for a while now and am happy to say it really helps hold my back well.  It keeps you in a position of great posture in a comfortable way.  It is not too restrictive as I worried it might be.  If you have posture or upper back issues I highly recommend this product!
289. I bought for work to check pull forces on material handling equipment.  Works just as well as the professional ones that cost $1000.  You can't calibrate it, but it gets close enough for what I need it for.  Excellent purchase!
290. We do a lot of day trips. With a little one that spits up quite a bit, it’s great to have a small portable stain fighting spray for those not so small stains you don’t want to set in! No more worry about “stained” clothes because you couldn’t wash it right away! Travel stain fighter FTW!
291. I don't know how but it works. I was skeptical but there is no smoke smell. I even took a drag from the cigarette outside of the car and blew it with the smoke buddy in the car. Just to test it out. I'm not sure how long the filter will last but I'll find out
292. Good quality and large supply!
293. Very handy for soaking my night guard.
294. I have never seen it remove a blackhead from my nose or skin, even after I steam my face for 10 minutes. It does remove some sebum but overall not impressed with the product. It also does not hold a charge, which is something that really annoys me. I charged it to full about 2 weeks ago, and pulled it out to use today and it was completely dead. So I had to use it while it was plugged in through a super short charging cable. Disappointed.
295. We ordered this packet of three and so far, we each like the size and the bottle markings. GOOD PRODUCT
296. It was a rainy windy day while I was loading my car with groceries from the cart.  The cart took a slow turn and rubbed against the entire length of my passenger side Audi!  There was a black line that stretched from back to front.  With light rubbing, this product removed the marks!  Thank goodness!
297. Product description was incorrect on size.  Was not even close on fitting!
298. Basic gait belt for ave sized person.
299. Bought this in conjunction w the 30% peel. Love it alone. Has made a significant improvement in my skin, just in 1 week. Started it w the peel and used it 2xday as described, but did my second peel 1 week later, as described and the peel actually burned my skin around my nose and mouth. May just stick to this or very short (1-2min), monthly peels in addition to this. Use caution when using this w the peel!Will definitely be adding Prep to my daily routine! Love it!
300. I am very pleased with the fragrance of this product. The dog crate can get a very musky smell  and this is a godsend. Once daily I spray the crate with this product and wipe it down thoroughly and the musky scent is gone. I use it on the tile floors and rugs in the house as well. It's a great product. As for &#34;keeping a dog away&#34; I can't know for sure about that. I can say they shouldn't return to the spot because of the odor.
301. I have nothing bad to say about the product. In fact, in my opinion,  this is one of their nicest scents (especially if you're already fond of lavender).  I'm disappointed in myself, however, for not reading carefully and realizing this ridiculously gouged price is for just one bottle.  Won't happen again, that's for sure. ¯_(ツ)_¯
302. Worked as expected.
303. Puffs are the best! And the box size is perfect!
304. I think this is the best cleaner for contacts. Purchased this through Subscribe and Save. I love that I don’t have to haul it from the store.
305. Hard to lose or misplace--they are hanging around your neck when not in use.  The masks are designed to adjust to your face.  No more ears flapping in the wind.  Wonderful idea.  I won't purchase an imported mask to protect me from a virus that was imported.  I ordered a black and a white mask on a Saturday and received them on Monday morning.
306. Fantastic-easy to use
307. This came and I ordered it off experiencing it from a friend's place. It isn't as high as the old seat cushion I used but it's definitely better quality and comfortable cushion. It only has this one issue of a really weird smell. It smelled like it when it came, thought it would go away, and is simply a new product smell but has yet to go away. overall though, good product, do wish it had a thicker variation (maybe it does and I missed it?) however.
308. This is really good aloe vera gel. It is not greasy, slimy or sticky (at least past orders) like some aloe vera gels. It quickly absorbs. The only thing is they changed formulas or manufactures. I've ordered before and received bottles with a &#34;white cap&#34; (as pictured). Those bottles, the gel is as I described but also had a very nice light fragrance to it. I found that fragrance very pleasant and was as nice as some very expensive perfumes but more delicate and not at all overpowering. Other people liked the fragrance on me, so I thought I found a signature fragrance. Well my last two orders the gel has had black caps and no more fragrance as well as the gel is now a bit more sticky, still not as sticky as most other aloe vera gels but definitely a difference from the white-capped variety of this gel. Some people may not want any fragrance in such products and I'm usually that way as well because most cosmetic fragrances are just too strong and sickly sweet or sour, but that was not the case with this Cadie Product Aloe Vera gel of past. I do wish they hadn't changed it! If it was as it was before I would definitely give it 5 stars, but for the lack of the wonderful fragrance and now the sticky factor, I must give it two star demerits.
309. Before I ordered I was skeptical because of some of the reviews and pictures showing streaky foundation. I took a chance and ordered it. Before the sponge arrived Sano Naturals sent me an email with a link to a video that explains how to use it. This is by far the best tool I have used to apply my makeup. I am now using less than half the product than I was using with my brushes and foam sponges. And far more hygienic! I simplly rinse with cool water and put back in the little pouch they provide. Using the flat side to pat my foundation on leaves me with a flawless finish with NO steaks or blotches. I use this to blend out my contour, blush, and highlighter also. Thank you Sano!
310. The screw that holds the carbide tip is already rounded and difficult to unscrew.
311. The locking mechanism gave way after first trip. Without it, it's just an expensive plastic bag. I will not buy this again.
312. I developed acid reflux after years of using sinus sprays for allergies.  Which..... you know, that is NOT a good trade off, just saying.. So I tried the OTC acid reflux meds like Prilosec and one that creates a bubble raft ?? so acid stays down?  (last one was gag-worthy)But nothing really helped enough to keep using them.  I got a full coverage mattress wedge and that helped a bit by physically raising my upper body at night.  I started taking probiotics, which also helped.But I started using this Pepzin GI (on a whim more than anything) and this is what works for me. I love this stuff.  I think it took them 2 weeks to get the last order to me, which was not cool since Id run out  and then suffered for a week straight, but I apparently didnt read the delivery info.  Not  their fault, mine.  Just make sure you dont run out before ordering!Im sincerely amazed at how well this controls the acid reflux.
313. They were melted when I got them.
314. Needs reheating  Kind of too chewy but delish to keep in emergency
315. I've used Amino Derm for a long time. It dries to a tight finish that makes my skin look very smooth and clear. It does seem to break down oiliness and help reduce breakouts. I like the herbal smell, but some people might find it unpleasant. This is a great product if you want natural, organic skin care for your oily complexion.
316. It came broken  defected
317. These don't appear to be real jade but for the price, they work as I anticipated. Soothing and comforting, moves lymph and gives a temporary plumping appearance, like one would get after a facial or massage.
318. Remote control worked great
319. Does its job. Love the blue color around the numbers.  Useful in the dark  overall very neat design and easy to use.  I like how you can switch between kg and lbs with a simple button below. Very nice
320. We've soldiered through about half a bottle of these horrid vitamins over the course of several months -- taking them only when we're out of our usual vitamins (Flintstones) and I'm now throwing them away. After my kids complained about the after-taste, I tried one and they truly are horrid. Don't waste your money.
321. The low pressure from this replacement renders  the machine useless.Update: within 3 months of purchasing, the bigger side button sticks, which most certainly renders the machine useless.
322. A gotta have , don’t wait for plumbing emergencies. Simple little gizmo that works !
323. This was a total waste of money. It was so uncomfortable and showed under all my clothes. I got a wider width support bandfor a third of the price from babies r us and it was much more comfortable and supportive.
324. Our pup has lasted a year (& still working). :)Ours didn't come with the soap...we bought it separately. The On Guard soap is excellent though! :DI will buy it again. :)
325. I’ve had other brands that worked just fine. These would not stick with the glue for some reason. Lashes would NOT stick. I thought that the grooves would make it easier to stick the lashes but I think it actually makes them harder to stick.
326. This product is smaller then want I was expecting. Cool little device that can pump out powders with ease. Does make a lot of dust in the air when using
327. Powder has developed funny color and taste within a year, maybe I just got a bad batch.
328. Best tile cleaner I've ever used. Night and day difference. I'll never buy the crap they sell at Home Depot again.
329. This product is meant for spraying surfaces that have already been cleaned, so it's not very useful as a cleaner.
330. I liked that they're transparent so I can see just how much water is in them. They don't leak and retain heat pretty well. Would buy again but they seem well made and I don't expect to have to.
331. I just received this item and it won’t even turn on. Such a pain to have to return! Do not waste your money.
332. Sturdy and beautiful, but the top screws into the inside and it is not quite big enough to hold toothpicks without them interfering with the top closing.
333. Been on this one week, I think I need to be on it longer to see results, but I dont feel as tired.  Im taking this as a result of Dr. recommendation.
334. These smelled like gasoline even after washing. Horrible!!!! Soap didn't suds up inside. Disappointing.
335. Works good for large plants
336. Good product
337. So good. Fresh, light, powdery, with a hint of sweet fruit. Spring in a bottle.
338. I tried Nervine Tonic after watching a video from a notable herbal company which touted the products effectiveness.  I cannot deny that the product worked as a relaxant and sleep aid.  However, I did find that my sleep was almost too deep and I had trouble waking up.  Because of this, I would use with caution and be extremely diligent with dosage.
339. Very good but smaller than expected so for that reason I will probably buy locally next time.
340. https:smile.amazon.comdpB00M9LMZHOref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_9?th=1
341. cute design. i am wrapping my granddaughter's presents in it!!!
342. I ordered this because of the colors in the picture- I knew I’d have rose gold balloons but the other confetti balloons were primary colors where I planned a party around these colors and the colors where not what the picture shows.
343. Very soft. Easy to put on. There are strands of the yarn poking through the front, so I don't know how well it will wear over time.
344. I've bought heel cushion before, none of them could compare with these pairs! They are awful. These don't grip my heels at all. I even tried to put two pads in the left shoe in order to reduce the room, but the my feet still slipped out easily, which gave me an awful commuting in a morning. The worst thing is the sticky part of the product was just double-side tape. When I tried to take them off, the cotton stayed on my shoes and became very hard to peel off. Awful decision of buying them. Now I am going to search some tips to get rid of double-side tape ; (
345. Excellent quality Mesima, from an excellent company- bag comes full of product and is exceptional. I plan to encapsule mine or use some as tea, I have not yet run out of my other bag yet so I am taking that. I am taking for my brain tumor and seizures and to help slow the  process of my brain cancer or perhaps cure it, but as I have the type that always comes back is like to say that I’m probably going to be talking this and many other medicinal mushrooms for a while. Thank you for all your hard work for an amazing product.
346. Weak, dissipates within minutes. Not a great scent, it's smells like stripper - vanilla-y and weakly sweet and just not sexy. I doubt there are any pheremones in this oil. I have an oil from a passion party which is the best stuff around. This is not even 13 as good or potent.
347. Dreft gets MOST stains out, even on adult clothes! Ive used tons of products hoping to get stains out..... This is my favourite! I cant find it at the local shop anymore so will continue to order it on amazon
348. I’m a little meh on these.  I get a lot of relief from the support and warning aspect of regular KT.  This isn’t as sticky or stretchy and these no stiffness that leads to the support from regular KT tape.  The directions are also weird, it says not to apply more than 3 tapes at once (and I know too much lidocaine can cause arrythmia) but they guy pictured on the can is wearing 6 tapes?  Anyways, the lidocaine pain relief isn’t that noticeable for me, I used 2 strips then combined w 2 strips of Rock Tape for support for taping my knees.  It’s not bad and time will tell, but I don’t think I’m having as much pain relief and support as with the rock tape and it only comes in white.  Worth trying.  I may not have enough pain today to need this and may try again on a bad day.
349. Wasn't a very noticeable change
350. Smells great, scent does change a little over time.
351. So far they seem to do the trick. My daughters gaite is offand she has flat feet (non verbal, autistic) Her doc suggested inserts and i bought these. She's doing so well she even attempts to run now. I'll probably need to buy a few more.
352. I'm sure this would work if I could stomach it. The taste alone is so horrid I ended up mixing it with some other flavors to get it palatable.. which didn't work. The thought of the taste makes me gag... yes, it's that bad for me.Two stars for not adding a bunch of crap, but minus 3 stars because I'm going to throw it away since the taste makes me gag.
353. I used it for cleaning and it smells great and last long and cleans good.
354. comfortable to wear with sandals
355. Tastes great, I'm squating 4-5 times a week with a 5x5 set. Helps a bunch with recovery, as I'm never feeling sore. I've purchased this 3 times in a row now.... 'nough said.
356. I'm doing a 5x5 Stronglifts program, and my squat weight is getting pretty heavy for me. I weigh 185 and probably around 240 I started to feel a little pain in my knee at the bottom of my lift. Nothing super bad, but just a little instability? if that makes sense. Anyway, These things are AMAZING. They provide that little bit of compressions that just makes everything feel right. I'm up to 260 now, and squatting 4-5 times a week. Super nice product. Can't go wrong. I also used their sizing chart and it worked perfect. Went with the large for my 15'in pattela measured right around the center of my knee with my leg straight.
357. tried it before I went on vacation. tried to wash a pair of socks. did not seem to clean. socks did not seem fresh. Similar to simply rinsing socks with just water.
358. Product Review: Best product of its type I’ve ever used. This unflavored no sugar added  version makes it more versatile: any cool, clear liquid. (No milk or smoothies!)  Keeps my blood sugar steady, keeps me regular, and I don’t feel as hungry. I believe it has contributed to my weight loss.**Price Review: Last time I looked at this listing — TWO DAYS AGO — the lowest price was $54 per canister, and there were only two vendors.Just now, the lowest price is $28.99. Almost a 50% drop, and not much different from when  the product was available in LA area stores. So I bought two canisters. Before tax, $58. Saturday, two days ago, before tax would have been $108.  Now there are 36 vendors whose prices range from $28.99 to $64.99.Don’t know if this means the availability problem has been resolved, or just for the time being.  The Metamucil Company, earlier this year,  had announced they were experiencing significant supply chain problems that were affecting their business all over the world.So I’d say jump on this price — best one I’ve seen in a long time. And start looking for this product in stores. And cross your fingers.🤞
359. Folks, these earplugs pose a risk of getting stuck deep inside your ear. I see from the reviews I’m not the only one.I only wore these a couple of times. One of them got stuck in my ear canal. These are silicone and extremely small, but don’t have stemshandles like other other silicone earplugs, to prevent them from adhering deep inside your ear canal. If my RN friend had not been able to extract the earplug, I would’ve had to go to urgent care or the ER. Getting something like this stuck in your ear could potentially damage your hearing.I urge you to buy other earplugs, potentially with stemshandles. You’re trying to protect your hearing - not risk it.
360. Using alcohol and salt works just as well
361. Excellent Toner, though I didn't recognize that what I am buying is a toner when I add it to my cart; I thought it is a Facial Wash, I dont know I just did not concentrate well. But I'm still Satisfied. The toner is wonderful, it gave my skin that fresh glowing clean feeling and look, its perfect to wipe your clean face using it before makeup too I didn't breakout afterward. The seller sent me ( Collagen Wash Gel) as a sample and I was impressed with the result too, I'm gonna buy it for sure. Deserve the 5 stars. Thank you
362. These are fine for scrubbing your body: One side is soft, the other side coarse. I use the soft for face and skin. I use the coarse for my feet. Trying to get more away from plastic in our lives. I have small hands and am able to hold it fine.
363. I bought these for a home office because I could not see the yellow highlighter on my paperwork under the light from "warm" CFLs.  Definitely a much whiter light than you might be used to (the "gas station mini-mart" look that another reviewer mentioned), but you can get excellent results if you put one of these and one "warm" CFL in a 2-bulb fixture. They're the same size as a generic 100W light bulb, so they fit any fixture; but note that they are a bit slower than most CFLs to come up to full brightness, maybe 30 seconds or so.Beware the miserable factory packaging: a tight-fitting cardboard box with zero padding.  I ordered a 2-pack, which arrived with one bulb broken. Amazon took them back and sent a replacement, and again one bulb arrived broken.  I'm going to get a third package, but this time I'll hold on to the one good bulb, so I can send back two broken ones. (Assuming they don't send me TWO broken bulbs, which is a distinct possibility.)  This is despite plenty of airbag packaging from Amazon -- I suspect they're being busted further up the supply chain.Compared to Costco's 8-pack prices on "warm" CFLs, these are relatively expensive, but with 50% losses in shipment I suppose they have to charge twice as much.
364. Seems to work but causes body odor
365. I went to see Jack White in a relatively small theater and these came in very handy. It allowed me to enjoy the music without fully masking it. I still think the sound levels were hearing damaging but it's a very good compromise between being able to hear and not killing your ears.It seemed like the bass gets through more than the mids and highs with them but that could be because you can feel the bass on your chest. Not sure yet, these are my first ear protection outside of full on ear plugs.
366. love this product
367. Fast and accurate!
368. I need co to repond to this question, why was label saying 50% knotweed placed over the original that says 20%?  Which is it?
369. *Review after one week of use: had some doubts that this would work as well as stated for the incredible task  at hand - a laundry room that is the nighttime spot for 3 dogs. Every morning we open the door and gasp at the horror of the stench. A good thorough mopping might clean the floor but the air is rank with stinky dog that no aerosol air freshener can conquer. Plugged this in as soon as it arrived and within an hour, it was pleasant. Even when the pack comes in wet, it has made a big difference. Now to see how long it lasts.***UPDATE After a month, the dogs are winning. It no longer clears out the smell the way it did in the beginning. If my laundry room were bigger, I'd purchase another larger unit like the one we use for the whole house, maybe that would work. For now, we might just have to invest in face masks.
370. These work great for both reading and watching TV while lying flat. They are sturdy and comfortable, and make a great gift that is actually useful.
371. This is a great natural product to help boost immunity. I was constantly getting sick and needing bout after bout of antibiotics when a friend recommended Immuplex to me. I admit that it took several months before I noticed a real difference, but once it kicked in, it works like nothing else. I rarely get sick, and if I do, I'm able to get over it much faster than before. Give it a try, be patient, and it will work!
372. Broke almost immediately.
373. Nice roomy basket, I use to keep dog toys and balls on my back porch for my dog.
374. I have been using this product for a few years now and helps keep my neck and chest moisturized.
375. my new vitamin c everyday supplement, goes in my morning smoothie!!!
376. Does just what it says it does. Love it. Gonna order another one right now.
377. Update:This lasted only weeks. A total nightmare when one morning it wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t get battery out, so out came the hammer.I’m not sure if it was faulty, but not being able to remove battery is a NO.To be fair to seller, I didn’t ask for exchange. Nor did I ask for return after using the hammer.They did ship fast. My issue was product, and not the seller. Just purchased one with a removable battery door.I give the product a 5 star for functionality. It replaced one that I had for years. I also give high marks for the very fast shipping.I do agree with another reviewer. I'm blind, not deaf. Scared the bejesus out of me the first time I poured my coffee.I would recommend the product. It does what it is supposed to do. For the manufacturer, I'd lower the decibel just a touch. Sounds can often be amplified for blind individuals.
378. The only reason I am not re-ordering this product is the package design: VERY difficult to remove wipes (as other reviewers have pointed out). Must use both hands *every* time to try to wrestle out a single wipe - then (every time) 4 more come out with it :( Too bad, because I liked these wipes - but there are other choices of natural wipes out there now.
379. Smells nice and fresh and I like that the mat is good and clean without a lot of nasty chemicals.
380. Packaging was fantastic, the lemon smell is great you can smell the sent coming right out of the bottle without  opening it. I use it to put in my hair products and facial mask.
381. The only cleaning solution to use!
382. great stocking stuffer!  I bought a bunch of these to give away to my friends at Christmas along with a set of nail stickers.  it's etched glass, so the effectiveness will last a very long time.  this is a good quality nail file.  I have one at home and one for my travel bag.  at this price you could get one for everyone on you gift list, and extra for your purse and car and office!
383. Strong, soft, perfect size for me
384. I think it would help if used frequently. I got it when I was having really bad back pain. It hurt to lay on which I think is because my back was in pain but getting up from the floor with back pain after was hard. The product is really wobbly. If you move too much to one side it will collapse.
385. These are durable for moderate use. I use them for a variety of home use from cleaning to kitchen work. The only time I ever have issues with them is if it’s my fault. The sizing is perfect and what always works for me in other brands.
386. These gloves are high quality and comfortable. Most importantly, they’re latex free and lined!I’ve already purchased additional sets in both sizes. Gloves become more important during the icy frigid winter months because protecting already painfully dry skin from dirty work is necessary.
387. I’m really pleased with this sonic toothbrush. It has a two minute timer that stops every 30 seconds. The replacement brush heads are available on Amazon for an incredibly reasonable price! I believe when I checked, there was a 4 pack for $10.99. I stopped using my electric toothbrush years ago because I was tired of the cost. I thought because I’m so pleased with my silicone face brush, maybe I’d be just as happy with a toothbrush. Again, for the price, it’s easily something you can try for yourself.What was included in my box were (2) brush heads, a wonderful storage case that holds both brush heads and the base, a charger base and cord. You will need a USB adapter power plug but if you have a smartphone, this isn’t going to be an issue. I have many in my house. I thought the instructions were clear enough to understand the settings on the base. If you’re a fanatic for the English language, these directions may trigger you. If not, hopefully you will get a little chuckle after skimming through them.
388. I didn’t like these. The top band hit in the wrong place on my lower leg which made these incredibly uncomfortable. I purchased a medium and wear a size 7.58. I think the chart was accurate with the size recommendation. Also, these aren’t a good long term sock. They’re not going to hold up well if you wear them daily and wash them often. These are prone to snagging and tearing. I bought to wear in bed while I sleep so I wasn’t hard on my pair at all.
389. Absolutely love this set! Love the colorful filers. The size is helpful for gripping. The glass file is so unique and works incredibly well. Excellent value too!
390. When the Bareminerals Store Clerk first showed it to me, I thought it would be way too peachy but she insisted and she was right.  It looks great and has an almost imperceptible sparkle to it which I love.  I can't believe they discontinued this color!  When I went back to the store to buy a replacement, the clerk sold me something that she said was very close but it wasn't.  I am so happy to have found my color on Amazon.  Thanks guys!
391. Very happy with this!  I spent a lot of money 3 years ago for a teak bench which eventually rotted out and took up too much space in my tiny shower stall anyway.  This is lightweight and comfortable; I can shave my legs!  Probably best for younger folks not afraid of falls.  A frail person should seek something sturdier, but it is exactly what I needed.
392. Sturdy bags, good value for money, multipurpose use
393. They don't quite fit true to size, but they perform very well overall. I notice less fatigue after long runs, or after refereeing soccer games.  These are a good value for the money.
394. I think I misunderstood what I was ordering. These gloves are *enormous*... like Andre the Giant sized. I could use them if I had someone else around to tape them around the wrist for me, but I don’t. Other than that, they seem to be of good quality.
395. I love *knowing* where my tweezers are!!! Having these secured inside a small, custom case keeps them clean and accessible whenever I need them! &lt;3
396. Thank you
397. I know how expensive this fish oil is, but it's very worth it, if the multitude of studies about the benefits of fish oil can be believed.I was wary of the pure oil, even though I was happy to not have all the fillers included in the capsules, because of the taste.  I am happy to report that the oil has no fishy taste, and I have not gotten any fish burps (unlike with the capsules).  It IS oily, which is a weird texture on the tongue, but the taste is pure orange.  I like eating it with a mouthful of leafy greens to dissipate the oil feel.
398. I use these with my bare hands and so far haven’t hurt me. They scrub my cast iron pans wonderfully and last a very long time.
399. Bought to make birdie bread for my guys.
400. Yummy mix it with KOdiak mix
401. This is an effective tool. My advice is to go ahead and buy the course or extra course rollers. The normal roller wasn’t effective and I didn’t or don’t  have problem feet. I am satisfied with this purchase.
402. Love, Love, Love my Mr Clean Magic Eraser!  It's the best for cleaning walls, sinks, appliances, whatever needs cleaning.  Nothing else compares.
403. Great product, BUT delivery was thrown on grass next to driveway, not like usual on front porch, seen in photo
404. First time ordering this brand and I will be ordering more! Wonderful (and accurate) smell!
405. Good ingredients, but hard to stay put on the gum... ends up just a sawdust mouth experience where you have to spit it all out and rinse ... hmm... wish they made this in a gel form or paste or something other than powdered herbs...
406. Another spontaneous purchase based on recommendation.Find it thoroughly useless.  Makes too much noise and after having it on for multiple days in a very small walk in closet, I saw no improvement in quality of air whatsoever.Thumbs down.
407. These masks are great.  Comfortable and thick. We like this brand and the shipping was very fast.
408. Loved it for my granddaughter's 5th birthday party she loves mermaids and it was perfect
409. They smell amazing however you would probably need 20 of them to be able to consistently smell them. Here and there it will be noticeable, but it’s amazing when it is.
410. Perfect size and love the features. I looked this better than my $45 verilux model.
411. Do you intend to put this into gel caps at home?  I hope so.  Because in hot beverages it tastes like a saponified cadaver.
412. I have chronic Lyme Disease and have bought a library of books on it.  One of the books that has various doctors from across the world had one of them advising his patients to use this product to help regain some of their lost energy.  I've just started using it and waiting to see if it helps.It has great flavor and I have to resist opening more than 1 package at a time it's that good.  I've purchased bottles of it this past week to give it a reasonable length of time to see results.  I don't expect it to work in a couple of weeks.  Plan on at least a month to see if there is any difference.Only problem I see is the price.  BUT, from what I've read the trees are only in one section of the world.
413. I first learned of DMSO from our teenage son's college running coach.  As an athlete who runs over 100 miles a week, our kid was frequently dealing with pains and injuries from his workouts.  When knee or ankle pain didn't ease up after a few days (and serious injury had been ruled out by orthopedists), the trainers would break out the DMSO.Since then, I've used it on my own running-injured knee occasionally when the pain becomes too bad.  After applying, the area remains wet and a bit sticky for about 20-30 minutes (remember to wash your hands thoroughly after rubbing it in).  After this amount of time, you can wipe off any excess that hasn't been absorbed by your body.  During this time, the area usually becomes warm, a bit rosy, and itchy.  I also get a garlic taste in my mouth which is typical for most people.  For those people who use it frequently, their bodies can begin to emit a garlic-like odor in their sweat.DMSO is a by-product of paper making and is primarily used as an industrial solvent for herbicides, fungicides, antibiotics, and plant hormones.  It's had experimental use orally as treatment for certain types of cancer.  At this time, it does NOT have the approval of the FDA for use on humans other than as a specific physician-prescribed treatment for bladder disordercancer.  It is FDA approved for use on horses and dogs, and is widely used in that industry.It's important to note that the face and neck are more sensitive to DMSO and no higher concentrations than 50% should ever be applied there.  Also, when applying DMSO to your skin, it's important that the skin is *totally* clean, dry, and unbroken because DMSO penetrates the body.  As it penetrates, DMSO can carry any chemical that has a molecular weight of up to 1,000 units right through the skin and into the body, into the blood stream, and even through the blood-brain barrier. It also leaves the skin more permeable than normal for a few hours. There is a possibility that chemicals such as the dye from clothing in contact with DMSO-treated skin could be accidentally passed through the skin and carried directly into the body.While I do generally experience pain relief when I use DMSO, I usually save it for when my knee is at its worst.
414. I loved the sturdiness of the frames.  They are so cute and fit well.  They protect my eyes and the reading glass is great.
415. Omg, this scent is HEAVENLY. Bought it once to test if I liked the scent, buying three more now. If you're buying this brand, they usually have free shipping on purchases of $50. The shipping can be expensive, so stocking up every few months can save you some $ instead of buying one every once in a while.
416. I have slouched my whole life and have always had bad posture. After having this product for only a week, I am standing up straighter and people are commenting that I look better and healthier—just from standing up straight. It comes with instructions that are easy to follow and I only keep it on for about 30 min to an hour a day while I do household chores. Such a game changer.
417. Since I'm tired of waking up with numbtingling hands, or feeling like my shoulder is getting pulled out of shape because I can't help but sleep on it at the wrong angles, I decided ot give this a try.And for the price of one, I got the two different items.The Slumber Sleeve arrived last night, and I gave it a try. It was comfortable, didn't feel in the way, and kept the weight of my head off of my arm. I did wake up and turn, but for other reasons than my arm or shoulder being uncomfortable. I didn't switch it to the other arm, and after a while soon switched back over to the side with the Slumber Sleeper anyway.I got the Pillow Aid today, and will give it a try. Hoping for another good experience with it. I sure can put both to good use!22 May 15 - I tried the Pillow Aid. It was nice, and actually worked for me. The tube is harder plastic than the Slumber Sleeve, and with no covering, but not so hard as to be uncomfortable with a pillow on it. It kept me from putting pressure on my arm and having it fall asleep. Drawback was that I got a bit hot with it on, and the edges did poke me a bit until I could find the right angle for it. Neither of which interrupted my sleep.I'm keeping both, and will use the Slumber Sleep on the side I sleep and save the Pillow Aid for those nights I may find myself sleeping on both side. That way I won't have to switch in the middle of the night.I may check back after a while to describe if it's still working for me after a few months.
418. Waste of money. Don't stay in place and too bulky to fit in shoes.
419. Love how much curl it gives my lashes and they stay curled until I wash my face.  The rotating wand is weird, or maybe I am.  Can’t figure out how or why to use it.  Also turning the rotating wand on and off takes a few tries.  Overall, love the product!
420. Size is weird for eyes.  Can't keep them on.  They need to be secured in towel or something.
421. Having loved their product that works on fiberglass, I couldn't wait to try this on my glass shower door.  It might have taken off some of the water stains, but I couldn't tell the difference.  It took me a long time to find something that would actually work on the fiberglass; looks like I still have some searching to do for the glass shower door.  Maybe I just have exceptionally hard water.
422. I love these pads. I purchased two packs, one for my beauty needs and one for my dog's! I have a Boxer and apply an anti-fungal ointment to clean his wrinkly face daily. These are perfect for both our needs. I wash them in a small garmentlingerie bag and air dry them. These make great gifts!
423. My granddaughter wrote on our new countertop with a black sharpie. I was sick, but tried the magic eraser and it removed all of it.
424. I don't know about pants, but for my vest they are perfect.
425. Perfect product, easy to use has great hold and has held up to my needs
426. Great product and fast shipping. Thank you!
427. Very convenient and effective product
428. I am pleasantly surprised at how well these little clips hug my eye glass frames and the chain is thin and very attractive, subdued and elegant.  :)
429. This creatine tastes terrible, but great results!
430. Don't waste your money
431. This type of supplement is very good for you and the supplier is awesome. You can curb your appetite have clean skin and have your hair grow very long from using this
432. My sun likes it. Easy to handle and the floss is not too thickthin. I wish there was no fruity scent to it, but I can live with that. 5 stars!
433. This item really should not be sold here as it is temperature sensitive and needs to be shipped with an ice pack during the warm months. Who knows what the temps are in the AMAZON warehouses? I would say to stick with buying this from your local practitioner because after it has been subjected to the heat, it probably is no longer good at all or less strength at best. Waste of money to buy a probiotic that no longer works!
434. A little too high and deep for a neck pillow for me. But works great behind the knees or in front of my other orthopedic pillows to elevate my legs or to ease my spine. Nicely made. No smell. Soft at the very top, but firm at the core. Very comfortable for knees and legs. Wide enough for larger than average legs. Although very large or very heavy legs may wear it out sooner.  I'm a tall gal, big gal, with longer than average legs. It's holding up quite well for me after several months. Nice zippered pillow case.  I'm happy with it.  I hope they continue to manufacture these, because when this one wears out I will re-buy. If you sweat a lot you might want to cover it with a towel to make it last longer? This material breaks down in damp and humid air, hence it will get flatter sooner. So keep it dry.
435. Very heavy. I wouldn't wear these out of the house until I am able to keep them in for sure.
436. Works ok.Could get the same product for cheaper price
437. I am sure it works but it smells pretty bad. Like fish in a trash can in the next room. I actually tried poring some out and mixing in rose essential oils to cover it. That worked for one day then the icky smell was back. Was it rancid? I don’t know I just threw it away and felt good abt it. I have borage oil capsules and they don’t smell like that if you open them up.
438. I really like these bars!  They are balanced well and low in calories. I can keep one in my purchase and if I can't eat a meal this works as a replacement.
439. Size is a little smaller than what I thought, but it works just fine!The students loved the idea of creating a holy water bottle of their own.Fits just enough water for children.
440. Two layers so it passes workplace requirements.
441. Great value and scent is not over powering just fresh.
442. i dont know if the good reviews are paid to say what they are saying, but this item certainly did NOT work for me. A waste of $20. I have wavy hair, and its not hard to manage but this brush did not straighten it at all.
443. Delivers the needed calories with a great Chocolate taste!
444. I hadn't used a glade candle in awhile but I thought these might be ok.  I do not like whatever they use in the wicks, it gives a nasty smell.  I would not recommend this brand of candles if you are used to Yankee or other clean burning soy candles like I am, you will probably notice the same stink I do if so.
445. Nice bandage, just small. No stick. Nice
446. perfect! Very nice, exactly what i expected great price!
447. So far I like it. I’m not sure if I’m seeing a major difference but I do think it’s helping.
448. I'm a massage therapist and use these regularly. I love the thickness of these stones, I've worked with others that were thinner and like these much better. These are definitely not plastic as listed on some other stones. They have also held up very well as I have kept one in my purse for well over a month and it has not broke at all.
449. I like this product, I&#34;ve used it for years because you won't have to scrub out the tub each time you use it.  It prevents scum build up on the tub and the shower.  Smells great too.  I gave it 4 stars because my favorite is the eucalyptus (which I think has a stronger and better smell).  I ordered the Ylang Ylang because it was cheaper.
450. Full disclosure: yes, I'm a very tall and heavy guy, so this review may not apply to a lot of people.  On the other hand, I'm within the advertised rating for weight for this stool, and my disability makes it a necessity to get around in my kitchen.I had high hopes for this product.  The same feature (thick seat padding) that makes this uncomfortable for me after prolonged use is also what makes it durable for my weight--so that's an even trade.  After all, it's a stool and not a recliner.  I'm good with that.What I'm not happy about is that, after just over two months of using for about 40 minutes a day, a wheel fell off this morning and wouldn't snap back in again.  Then I was surprised to see that the sockets for the wheels to snap into are just molded plastic!  One of the edges of that failed wheel socket had cracked.  What a poor design--going cheap like that instead of a few pennies to put metal inserts into the plastic.I've poured a bunch of thick "super glue" into the socket to see if that will work as a temporary fix until a new one can get here.  Yes, I'm taking a chance on another one of the same type, but I can't keep paying about $75 every two months to buy stools that I really need to have to lead a fairly normal life.
451. Doesn’t work. My teeth didn’t whiten and all’s it did was smear all over my mouth and lips with nothing to seal this whitener to my teeth like strips or teeth covering. Also takes an eternity for the gel to come up when you twist it.
452. reliever of pain, works great!
453. it isn't super effective.  it freshened up the garments a little bit but definitely not a substitute for dry cleaning.  i might use it in between dry cleaning to freshen up a dress, but that's about it.
454. Our bathroom toilet has had a persistent issue with mineral deposits (we have a well).  Nothing I had tried would touch the most stubborn of them - so "ring around the toilet" in spades....  Doing some nosing around online, I came across these pumice stones and decided to try them.To say they work is an understatement - one of them removed mineral stains that had been on the toilet for years, in a matter of a couple minutes work!  Why didn't I find these before now?  (The one place that is still a problem is under the front right edge of the toilet - I just can't seem to angle the pumice to get at the buildup in that one spot.  But otherwise, I'm a very satisfied customer!)
455. Everything ok.
456. First floss I've found that glides easily between my tightly-spaced teeth.  I'm very happy with this product.
457. Very happy with the variety and comfort!
458. They fit perfectly!! Twisted right on and fit my tiny ear openings!
459. Exactly what I needed and worked great.
460. I was so bummed by this.I received the order yesterday and my two year old's birthday is tomorrow morning.So I just took it out to decorate so he could see it in the morning when he wakes up and sooooo disappointed to see that the "Y" is missing in Happy.It came pre strung with traffic lights on both sides but Y Missing in "Happy".Messed up the birthday decorations for me.
461. Bought this to drown out my husbands snoring and numerous other noises coming from the house at night.  I can't say it really masks the snoring that much but it does help with outside noise from other rooms or outside.  All in all it does help me sleep better.  It gets the job done.  I. like that it is super compact and fits right on my night stand with plenty of room.
462. The coffee is good, the machine sucks. The instructions are non existant.  Next the whole bloody thing is in the dustbin.  Had to return, it never came out of descaling mode.  Will not buy another, the company was less than helpful
463. Smells great. Does not perform as well as other detanglers.
464. I have taken 2 pills in one day and felt no energy or boost. I will continue to take since I purchased them, however I hope when it is in my system it will do more than this first day.
465. Honestly I don’t know what my autistic son would do without these
466. The stick connects to make it holdable, however mine never clicked in place so it comes apart when i spray, had to tape it together. I know you get what you pay for but damn.
467. I have a sensitivity to tags and seams in clothing. Placing this over them has saved me on numerous occasions from wanting to crawl out of my skin.
468. Tastes great!
469. This is great for those who can t bend over to put on shoes. The telescopic handle is great and locks in place so it won't fold up on you until you want it to
470. Good product. Happy with purchase. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Only downside is losing a cup-holder.
471. My 9 year old son loves this. His only complaint is that the small beads on the sides, used to adjust the size, hurt a little bit if he tries to sleep on his side.
472. Very thick and heavy duty. Does not leak with a lot of liquid.
473. I swear you can get anything  off with these. Unfortunately scrub too much and paint comes off the wall so be careful but thirds are handy to have stungv
474. This is really weak. There's no power to it at all. Don't waste your money
475. Great flavor. Do have to worry a little about getting to the bathroom.
476. Bought this for my niece... she loves it !
477. I do not know if has helped my joints or anything else people claim, but it maintains my cholesterol better than the fish pills.
478. Bright colors
479. These are great. They keep pairs of socks together, and reduce sorting time. So far (about 6 months) they have been pretty durable. I've purchased more to add to the household, so I'd say they are good, at least at our house.
480. I use this to wash my face with my rechargeable facial tool  after removing my makeup. It is gentle, smells clean, doesn’t strip the natural oils, and has a great price point.
481. You get what you pay for..cheaply made and not worth the effort.
482. A lot of well made cotton.  I was expecting a little fluffier but I could use for the purpose I purchased it for.  Great speed and packing.  Arrived quickly.
483. Good product! Nice seller! Recommend! Too early to speak about the results, so will have to post an update.
484. Oxy E does raise  oxygen in the body very quickly. Need to gradually increase number of drops per day to 100 and after thatthe maintenance dose should do the trick.
485. I don't think flavor makes these any better. The taste and texture were just too much to bear. And I did not want to down this with a bunch of sugary juice. I stomached it for about a month and I did not notice any improvements in my overall heath or skin hair nails. There were not fishy burps however like most of the pills give. One plus side to it.
486. This is a very cheap version of an electric toothbrush. Got what I paid for.
487. Super cute, long sticks and they work!Good value for 3 boxes.
488. Bottles broke within a couple of months
489. Great smell, but spray Button does not work.
490. Just purchased this unit after carefully researching all the foot spas on Amazon. Well I'm here to tell you this is garbage. After the first use it started leaking terribly from the back where a cord is. This cord does nothing from what I can tell and is not even mentioned in the very poor manual included with this junk of a unit. $129 for this?? We tried to troubleshoot and to no avail. Keeps leaking water. Instructions are lame as well. If you want heat you can only get it using the surf (bubbles) function. No other way. Cannot turn off bubbles with heat. I think all the 4 & 5 star reviews are fake. This is being returned asap!!
491. It wasn't helpful at all. I bought it to use on the ends of my hair. Saw no improvement. The company isn't the issue it is just the oil.
492. I've used Vectra for carpets And for shoesbags and I won't wear a pair of new shoes or boots until I've treated with this stuff. Leave suede texture as it should be and no being afraid of a bit of rain. Swear by the stuff and the carpet Vectra works just as well.
493. Great for coconut oil. No leakage or issues
494. Works great.
495. Quick Results and seems accurate
496. I received this light about a month ago and it is fabulous. It's very bright for its small size which is what makes it great. I use it in a small bathroom and so I'm close for at least 30 minutes in the morning. It has made a big difference in my mood and attitude. I feel brighter and lighter. I wish I had bought it months ago.The light is lightweight so I can move it around from place to place without any issues. I think if I wanted to use it in a larger room or further away from me, I'd buy the larger light. But, this is perfect for me in the close space in which I use it.It was very easy to put together and even though its a lightweight plastic cover, its very sturdy and durable.Worth every cent it costs.
497. To be used sparingly
498. works well good delivery time
499. I really like these insole! It help my walking gait, and relieved the pain I was having.
500. These protect the placard from bending in the heat, etc.  A good clear way to protect the placard and easy to see and hang in the car.
501. This tea is very yummy. I don't know if it has actually helped my IBS but it tastes good. The one complaint I have is it smells faintly of marijuanna... I don't know if that is normal because this was my first organic loose peppermint tea. Despite the strange smell, it is definitly worth it.
502. I've never tried Argan oil before, I always used the cheap crap oil from Garnier or what not. I put some on my wet hair and it didn't make it greasy at all my hair is super shiny and soft!
503. When you have to work from home, you need to make your chair more supportive and comfortable. this goes a long way to helpin.
504. This worked well
505. I love the idea of plastic lids for my mason jars.  I use my mason jars all the time, but the majority of the time it is not for canning.  I use them for storage and homemade refrigerator jams, pickles or homemade scrubs and lotions.  The bad thing about metal lids or canning rings is that they tend to rust.  Plastic doesn't rust!When I use my homemade scrubs in the shower, the metal lids get rusty, these will not do that.  If I take a metal lid off and lay it on the shelf in the shower but forget to put it back on the lid, it will leave rust marks on my shower stall shelf, these do not.I can see so many uses for these lids.  Great product!I received this product at a reduced rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
506. These are cute and my son loves them…I just wish there was more option in style (like Mario or Luigi on the bandaids, not just the &#34;enemies&#34; and more than 20 bandaids in the package.
507. This package is a good value and will last a long time
508. These discs leave a residue in the toilet as it sheds the outer layer.
509. These little brooms are awesome! Work better than any I've ever purchased! The price is also great as you get two sets! I love mine!
510. They worked just fine.  Now to get the broken underground wires fixed!
511. I think it might be good but too harsh on my stomach.
512. My pills are hard and dome shaped but this does a good job.  Just hold it so pill is down or it wants to pop out.  Good design so you don't cut your fingers.  Takes some pressure.  I thought it was a little expensive but it works very well.
513. Great cleaning solution set for prepping the CPU and cooler for new thermal compound.
514. It came broken waste of money too
515. Love this set great art work and same amazing clipper.
516. Use this product for long runs. It’s great!
517. Working as described
518. Fast delivery and work steadily.
519. Anyone doing cancer therapy should drink this. Seriously! Check out their site on-line.
520. Loved the product. Just don't think I will order that particular size again. Too big ! The adhesion is fantastic.Much better than what came with the unit.
521. Gave it a 3 because I haven't tried it yet.  Gave it a three because the blue ring around the middle was plastic whenI thought it would be soft and flexible product.  Believe I will enjoy it though but I only use it on trips; which I havebeen taking lately.
522. Item was securely packaged and sealed.  I use this fragrance in my diffuser to enhance lavender and orange.  The smell is nice and as expected.
523. Oh my gosh I love my foam roller. I thought it might be too hard & dense at first but after a week of using it my body adjusted and my softer foam roller just isn't enough on most areas anymore. I'm a massage therapist and I get tight everywhere... I  use this to roll out my entire back, neck, upper arms, forearms, glutes, legs & feet (balancing on the roller & stretching that fascia on the bottom of the feet is great for plantar fasciitis). I like to use it after a hot shower or hot tub soak so I am loosened up a bit. It is so efficient that I'm able to spend less time on self carestretching than I used to. Hallelujah! With the accompaniment of a couple tennis balls to get into the small spots that's all I need. I use the smallest 12" size so I can transport it around with me to different offices, but I finally just got a 2nd one so I can always have one at my main office as well as home. When I realized how dependent I am on my foam roller I thought I really ought to write a review. I've also seen reviews of other brands saying they fell apart, and this one is super sturdy.  I've been using it at least once a day for roughly 6 months and it looks and feels exactly the same as the brand new one that I just received. I have a feeling it will probably last forever. Like, really forever, to the detriment of the environment. Uh, anyway great product
524. Works great according to friend
525. Smells fresh and clean. MakesCleaning the shower easy.
526. My ability to put on some of my shoes is compromised by arthritis and other problems in my knees and back.  This product has made shoes I quit wearing now fully available on a daily basis.  This has been a fantastically useful tool for me when I want to wear shoes that do not have a stiff heel.
527. I'm sure this works exactly as designed.  However the way it holds the face mask on puts pressure on points on my head in spots that cause me to wake up with headaches.  I did not use it but a few weeks and went back to my old CPAP system.
528. Great product however with serious aerosol problems.  Spray isLargely non-functional.. Stick with the non-spray version
529. Love the size of these tiny bags.  Purchased to use in the garden. I place the bag over seed pods to prevent the seeds from blowing away in the wind :)  I have a butterfly garden and plant milkweed. The flowers develop into seed pods that "burst" when mature and the exposed silk fluff has a small seed attached at the end. The fluff blows away in the wind. To capture the seeds, the organza bags keep them in the bag once they burst and I can place them away and collect the seeds to replant next year!!  Really good purchase.
530. household staple
531. Stands up great on solid floors. It is also flexible, making it very easy to use. Gives the added stability needed in a way that’s not as bulky as most. I love it!
532. Had difficulty finding in retail stores. Pleased to have found it online. Really good product and easy to use. No harsh chemical smell and easy to rinse off leaving no residue.
533. This is a very nice plate for my elderly father, helps keep food from being pushed off the plate.  I wish it was just a little bigger and a little less pricey but I'm glad I got it for him.
534. Could not be happier with this purchase. My middle school daughter had a spa party with 6 of her friends and these sleep masks were a huge hit.Wasn’t sure what type of quality to expect but these are better than anything I looked at locally and other online stores. Very well made and super cute. So glad I made the purchase and strongly recommend them.
535. Arrived on time and as advertised.
536. I have a Quip toothbrush that I have used for travel for the last couple of years.  I don't think it cleans that well, it only has one speed, but you can replace the battery easily.  This Sonic Toothbrush will replace it completely!  The HIEIE has 5 different modes and 3 speeds, claims to run 30 days on one charge, has a nice carrying case, AND really cleans my teeth.  I can tell a big difference when I use it from my Oral-B toothbrush, gums feel like they have been worked over and the teeth feel cleaner.  Can't wait for my next dentist appointment to see if it really helps as much as it feels like it does.One star off easy of use for no instructions in the package and that the charging base doesn't fit in the travel case.  Note that the charging base is tiny, very easy to place.  Doesn't come with USB charging block, does come with the USB cable.  Since everyone has too many USB charging blocks I don't see that as a negative.
537. Pay close attention, all of the reviews for this product are for hair conditioner or hair products.
538. I bought this as a replacement to my original strap and it works great!
539. Why would this be labeled as a trimmer for MEN?  I like it very much!  It doesn't need to be pink to appeal to me - it just has to work.  Which it does.  Although I would like to see it cut a little closer to the skin - I still managed to get rid of some annoying nose hairs that were making me itch due to the length. This getting older thing...deep sigh.  I would have given five stars but the onoff switch is a little difficult to move to either position with just a thumb.  Maybe it will loosen up with use.
540. Very sturdy and I'm not the least bit concerned about it being able to support the weight of my husband when he needs to reach a little higher up.
541. After seeing some reviews, I can honestly say that this product is probably NOT for overweight people.  I'm a 5'2 130lb woman, and I loooovvvvveeee this cushion!! My butt and legs were going numb in my office chair, so I bought this. It feels squishy and soft, yet supportive. Sitting on this makes me so happy!!! It's bouncy and fun and comes in a black zip cover.
542. great and sharp.
543. For me this works great and I love that its 24hr, so I can get through the entire day without having to stop and remember to take another in mid day or so....
544. They arrived well packaged and they are excellent value for the 10 pack
545. Love how well they exfoliate and clean!!  Holding up well.
546. After one use my hair was stronger, more manageable, no static, less hair loss, and it smelled wonderful.  I'm a very happy Wen user.  I'd recommend Wen Cleansing Conditioner to everyone.
547. Works exactly as advertised, zero smoke.  Not sure how long it lasts but out of the package I’d call it a miracle product.  Surprise bonus was the smoke buddy keychain, great entertainment posing him after using the smoke buddy.
548. This face mask chain is awesomely perfect. As a cool high school teacher, I have a certain image to uphold. As a practical woman, I look for the best product to fulfill my needs. This face mask chain fits both requirements. This chain is my signature color - pink - and keeps my masks close and clean when I can slip them off for a few minutes when away from my students. This chain is the perfect weight; it doesn’t pull or weigh down my mask.I highly recommend this face mask chain!
549. It does seem to whiten your teeth.  It is in powder form, which does take a bit of getting used to.  I dip my dampened tooth brush into the powder and brush my teeth.  It’s black!  So you really get all the edges cleaned getting out all the residual cleaner.  It seems to be a natural alternative to chemical laden products.
550. These pads are great addition to use with toilet liners for caretakers. It made clean up so much easier & faster, along with much more sanitary. Tried another brand not as well made nor did it hold as much liquid. Would recommend & will use if needed in future.
551. Item has too much of a bend in it to be used ccomfortably
552. Had to return this product.  It was uncomfortable.
553. I wanted something a little bit different, these are just right...
554. They work but no longer than 6 days just like Energizers, & Duracell. Price on the package was good & shipping was right on time just wish they lasted longer than 6 days.
555. The only reason this cane holder gets a single star is due to the fact there is no way to assign a Zero star.  The manufacturer and seller should be embarrassed to sell this item due to it's poor construction, lack of instructions and poor design.  Do not purchase this...it's a total waste of money.
556. Rather wobbily.
557. The compression is literally comforting.
558. I am a long-time Norelco Shaver user.  I bought top-of-the-line over a decade ago, and replaced the 3 heads and blades twice.  It worked great, battery still working great.  Then I accidentally knocked it off the counter, and broke the head.  OK, replace the head.  WHAT???  $85?  So I stated looking around at - Norelco shavers, of course.  But to get a digital display of the battery condition, it looks like $200.  A much cheaper version just has "battery low" indicator.  Well, I am addicted to knowing how much charge I have left (in minutes, on the old shaver).  But I do not want to spend $200.  So what about other brands?  This unit caught my eye.  It was way less expensive than head replacement, and had the desired features, including a display of battery condition.  It uses similar technology for the shaving heads.So, I gave it a try.  I have to say, it does an excellent job, and works very much like the Norelco I broke.  For the price, you really can't beat it.  I don't know if the battery readout is in minutes or percent, but I use about the same (3 to 5) for a shave, so it is similar (it's either 3-5 minutes or 3-5%, but who cares?).  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by the build quality and shave experience for such an inexpensive shaver.  For the price, you can't go wrong.  In fact, why spend more?
559. I needed something to help with odor control in a small room containing a cat box.  This is the only one I have tried that isn’t overwhelming, is truly pleasant and conceals the odor effectively.
560. Listen, lets be frank. It tastes yucky, yes, but appears to work. I am very bad at being consistent in taking something that I don't really like, but maca powder seems to balance the system, boost energy, and certainly keeps you "regular". As to the claims of heightened sexual appetite... not so sure. Perhaps one has to take it a while first. HINT: The easiest way for me to take something that reminds me of dirty chalk in my mouth is to mix it with a very hot sweetened vanilla based tea like pumpkin spice, vanilla bean, or even almond. Even a regular basic tea sweetened with a tiny splash of vanilla extract is better.
561. Works great with a 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens
562. Cheap, poor quality. It didn't fit my 1930's claw foot tub faucet and  broke when we tried to replace the the faucet connector with one that did fit.
563. I was thrilled to discover a highly effective weed-killing product that is not only good for the environment, but also relatively non-harmful (it IS acidic after all; you don't want it to touch your bare skin).  The price was great -- better than Lowe's or Home Depot -- and it worked within HOURS of spraying on unwanted plants.  I saved money buying it in bulk rather than just one jug.  It does not take a lot of product to get the results that you want; a lil' dab'll do ya'!  You can spray it both ON the plant as well as the roots.  It works well both ways.A word [or few] of caution when using 30% vinegar:1)  ONLY spray it where you want it to go; it WILL kill plants you don't want to kill if you spray it indiscriminately.  I recommend getting a spray pump or bottle that you can direct directly to where you want it to go;2) Wear leather gloves and avoid skin contact.  If it does come in contact with your skin, rinse vigorously in cool water for 15 min to fully remove.  It is acidic and can cause a chemical burn if not used properly;3) Avoid inhaling the vinegar fumes; it may cause mild respiratory irritation for some people prone to that; overall, however, it is not dangerous like other weed-killers out there such as R0undUp.4) Be patient.  It works and works well!You will not be disappointed with the results!  I would DEFINITELY buy this again.  :-)
564. Worked great.
565. once it warms up it works fine.it take a bit of body heat to warm up, so can easily lull you into thinking it will not run out too fast.
566. Doesn't work! on't waste your money!
567. As advertised. Very useful.
568. Repeat buy. Helps me keep up immunity working in healthcare
569. Good color rendition, quite bright for its size.  Runs a little more hot than I expected.
570. Perfect, delivered right on time. Eneloop AA batteries slide in and are snugly gripped by little arms inside the battery so they don't fall out. The downside, of course, is that adapter batteries only last about 20% as long as a true "D" cell. Good mainly for emergencies or light use.One minor downside. Another supplier (NOT Mybatterysupplier) uses a sticky glue "snot" on the sides of the batteries to hold them in the package. This goo is a real pain to remove, though WD-40 on a rag does the trick.-----------------UPDATE: I discovered a D-sized adapter that accepts THREE AA Eneloop batteries in the same space. http:www.amazon.comParallel-Connection-Battery-Holder-WhitedpB00K86RXQUref=cm_cr-mr-titleThey appear well-made and work fine.
571. I used to spend a ton of money on capsules and liquid supplements that had Glucosamine, MSM, and Chondroitin. I've recently got them individually from BulkSupplements and I am extremely pleased. I mix them in proteingreen drinks and get the same benefits for a fraction of the price.
572. If you have a Sprouts nearby, go there, it’s $5.99 for a 12oz jar!
573. This trimmer started out as a very nice trimmer.  However, after only a year, the main trimmer head has broken rendering the unit, mostly, useless.  While it worked great for the year I used it (about once per month), the trimmer head I use most of the time is broken and unusable.  I find this to be very disappointing.  The quality of this unit is very poor and one year of use for a unit of this costly makes me angry.
574. Wife crushed her L1 vertebrae and uses this to bring relief. Works fine.
575. Purchased this to use after a laser procedure on my face. It was so easy to use and stayed cold much longer than I expected
576. These are good for travel, going into the airport ladies room to freshen up. The best flavor is bubble-mint, but I can't find it now.
577. Sealed my granite! Put on two coats and still have a lot left over. I would recommend!
578. My wife likes the color, fits and stays in place..
579. Good stuff - it works well.
580. I just took the best shower in 3 weeks.  My daughter mentioned getting a "sleeve" so I could protect my infected toe from getting wet.  Never heard of this product before shopping on Amazon.  I really want to thank the other reviewers for their feedback.  Getting ready to go on a 6-week trip to Europe and need to protect my infected toe; caught infection from snorkeling in HI and even after 2 12 weeks of antibiotics, it may take another month to fully recover.  This will make my life so much easier!  Bought 2 for my travels.
581. Yay I got a winner this time! Should have sent the other ones back but we just used them quickly, lol, because after 2 swipes it was changing time.  These Stick and keep sticky far longer!! I'll be reordering these from now on since I KNOW they work well.
582. I like that the lids stay fully open while filling the compartments. The only thing I didn't like is that vitamins can get stuck between the evening and morning sections if you drop one, but the fix is easy enough. Just close the lids and tip it over carefully. Lids can pop open if not fully secured or if you shake too vigorously, so just be careful with that.
583. Works great. Just wish the tube was more full so it could last a little longer.
584. Too thick and large!
585. The top strap is far too small to even get over my head so the brace is useless. I have purchased others that are very good but this isn’t. I’m keeping it for the cages, extenders and filters but the brace is useless.
586. Doesn't really help much in breathing and it definitely does not keep my glasses from fogging up (the main reason I bought these). They're okay but I find I often as not don't use one as some of my masks don't have pleats inside so there is nothing to attach them to and they slip around. I expected so much more of these and am disappointed they don't work as well as I thought they would.
587. Mounted into Waterpik base perfectly. Only quibble is a slow drip where hose goes into handle for a short time after use. Reviews show it's a common complaint.
588. I had one of these for years and lost it about a year ago.  I love it because these because I can put one in my car, one on my key chain and one in my pocket when not using my purse or keys.  Love these!
589. Going on a trip and this keeps me from having to worry about liquids on an airline.
590. Love ‘em! Go Bears! Got son a set too!
591. Saw one bottle sitting on a shelf, bought it to try out since I get dry mouthed at night but don’t want to drink anything. This worked well and I just ordered 3 more bottles.
592. I don't have this so I guess I sent it back without ever trying it, sorry no review then.... Don't even remember why......
593. Seems to be helping so far
594. Wow, what a game changer for me, especially at work. I'm much more focused and my mood is balanced, super helpful during hormone spikes!
595. This product smelled so bad I kept it in the original box & put it in the garage.  No way would I use this product.
596. Received it the other day & wore it last night. So many problems with it. I have very sensitive skin & particularly the chin section created a rash on my chin & no matter what I did it would slip up over my mouth. The openings for the ears were not even close to where my ears are. It did keep my mouth closed (because the chin material kept covering it) but there was nothing there that I can rave about.  Waste of money - is now in the trash.
597. It quit working after only 3 times. Light will not come on. Suggestion, don't purchase this product
598. I love the Orca.  The size is great.  I have mix and matched many for my shower stall.
599. The oviduct is very easy to use, non greasy, and covers the area very well. Plus the insects do not land on the skin that is covered with the product.
600. These lens wipes work really well and we're very happy with them. Good price for so many of them.
601. Arrived on time and in good condition.  This works great for cleaning oil and grim off your hands.  I would recommend for shops.  Cheaper than other brands and work better.
602. They are needed because I have a stigmatism in both eyes.  I love how compact they are!
603. so far, so good. charges my batteries so I always have back up!
604. The Rhino boot cleaner was out of stock. We have one and love it. This one looked similar.  However it has one fewer horizontal brushed for the boot sole, and is shedding bristles.
605. Love these! I take care of my elderly mom and these are perfect for inbetween wash ups!
606. I have been taking suppliments for 40 years, and have FINALLY found an affordable multi that is great.  I am a loyal user and will be until I go toes up!!  I am healthy, even though my eating habits have not always been the best, and I attribute this to my Vitalert.
607. good item
608. I was pleased that this actually was compromised of firm plastic all over. I really like that the port where the oxygen is attached does not swivel.
609. I do not like the fact that they are not true to size. I could not get them on and the foot was way too small.
610. Have been using P21S on my Corvettes for years... Great product that shows well every time
611. I thought it was like I had years ago but things change ... I returned it, not a sticky and although it worked somewhat, not what I had expected.
612. Absolutely fantastic.  I use it daily when I shower.  Great relief for dry, itchy skin.
613. Not good at all,tasteless,like I am eating cardnoard. Will NEVER order this product EVER again!!
614. Great price, taste good and good packaging! Can not speak on benefits, just received! But I have been talking pollen for a while and it’s good stuff.
615. Loved these for my grad party! They were easy to set up and looked amazing.
616. We use this for a dog's very complicated medication regimen.  Makes it easy when two of us are involved in dosing and we know exactly what's been given and what needs to be given.  Convenient to set out a whole week's pills at one time.  No evidence of moisture, so it seems to be moisture-proof as advertised.
617. great tasting way to get vitamin c
618. Handy to have the week ready to go or just grab out the day.  The outer case provides additional assurance the meds stay in place while packed.
619. Tire broke while installing. Requested replacement or refund and was told I could only get $11 and would have to return and pay for shipping and handling. Damaged goods, poor customer service and still can’t use my wheelchair with no tires.
620. Puff and durable
621. This is a delightful smelling air freshener.
622. This is like putting white out on your teeth . Don’t waste your money !
623. So cute! These are the same size as a standard zippered sandwich bag, and made from the thicker plastic similar to a ziplock freezer bag.  I used them for a Sesame Street birthday party as treat bags and they were perfect!
624. Product came within days, WELL before the estimated time, it is everything I wanted! Really I couldn’t be happier, I will definitely recommend this seller 💜
625. These buds are must have if you have babies or toddlers at home!! Quality is good and need not worry of poking the little ones' ears!!
626. This is quite the large icepack. It stays cold much longer than most. It doesn't sweat excessively. Probably the best part about it though is the larger than average cap opening that makes it SO much easier to fill. Great purchase.
627. It is not a good mask.  It is not waterproof.  It is very thin material.  Not recommended to buyers!!!
628. Bought for my daughter she cannot sleep with out it now!
629. Bought this for a friend and it works great. Also try looking for a shirt with drain holder pockets. The mesh holder is good but my friend uses a ziplock bag for the shower and then puts them in the mesh bag. Maybe try to find something water resistant to avoid getting too much water on them?
630. I was apprehensive to order any compression stockings online but I did order these and I am so glad I did. The quality is great and they fit as expected. Wash well. I just let them air dry. If you are looking for a less expensive compression stocking you should buy these. Beats paying 100.00 plus at the doctor's office!
631. These containers are very similar to Glad or Ziploc products.  While they are reusable, they definitely feel like the kind of product that ends up being thrown away after a few uses.  If you want to decrease your plastic use or help the environment, glass bento type boxes are probably the way to go.  That said, these are very convenient.  They have two separate sections for food.  They seal well.  I did have some issues with the lids warping in the dishwasher.  Overall, for the price, a decent product.If you found my review helpful, please click YES below.  Thank you!
632. I really like this large lunch bag. It is insulated. It has a smooth double zipper and has a small outer pocket. The top is hinged and opens wide. The handles are thin, but feel solid. It comfortably holds a 6 pack of drinks or a large lunch with ice pack. The grey color is neutral and pleasant. Highly recommend.
633. I have Type II diabetes, so am always looking for ways to cut my blood sugar levels. I was offered this product for free as part of the Amazon Vine program, so I did not really pay any attention to how much it actually sold for. Once I got to the point of writing a review I ended up having to take it into consideration though.This product is basically just 99% carbonated water with a few amino acids and chromium thrown in. If you have any half-decent diet or take a decent daily multivitamin you are already getting hundreds of times the amount of aminos and chromium that these cans contain and more than you actually need, so it really is not adding anything that you are not already getting.The rest is just carbonated water, which has an extremely nice taste and texture to it, but is cheap and easy to find at your local grocery store. I can buy 12 oz cans of carbonated water (flavored or unflavored) at Safeway for less than 25 cents each per can. Yet this product sells for more than $2 per can, which is absolutely ridiculous. The Safeway water tastes just as good and comes in a wide variety of flavors. I'm sure that big box stores sell carbonated water for even cheaper than this. While this product tastes o.k., there is nothing "magic" in it and absolutely nothing that would justify paying 8x as much for it as you could find elsewhere.
634. I have tasted quite a few different wheatgrass drinks over the years. I even still have a wheatgrass juicer somewhere in my garage that I spent a few hundred dollars on. While wheatgrass may be very healthy for you, it honestly tastes horrible. You know that smell when the neighbor finishes mowing their lawn? That smell is exactly what whatgrass tastes like, minus the scent of gasoline.I have tried using or juicing wheatgrass at various points in my life, but those phases never seem to last long. Besides the horrible taste it causes me an upset stomach and leaves a very horrible taste in my mouth. I can't say as this product tastes any different than other powders or fresh juiced wheatgrass that I have had in the past. I was willing to give wheatgrass another try, but about 1 serving was all that I could take. I don't have anything against this particular brand. There's no way that I would order it again though. I've never noticed any positive benefits from the product personally though, so I can't honestly think of any reason to recommend it.
635. Easy to travel with and cleaned my clothes relatively well for a sink wash. Got the job done and I'm glad this is in my travel set now. I would recommend also bringing something to stop the sink drains as I found that not all sinks have this built in.
636. Was great until it broke which was only after using a handful of times.
637. Want nail clippers that don’t cut nails? Then look no further!I bought these to replace old nail clippers and the old ones cut better than these...
638. Great charcoal powder at a great price. We are very happy with it! We use it to make a face mask and enjoyed the results, eager to try it again.
639. I was so glad to find this supplement at this high dose.  I'm taking this several times a day now, every day, and can tell it is beginning to help with insomnia, foggy feeling, and concentration.  The main purpose in taking this, however, is long term, as it is supposed to prevent disabling memory loss.  And I'll do anything I can for that.  This brand seems to be top quality, and to know what they're talking about.
640. I'll stick to my beauty blender. This doesn't blend the makeup as well as I would have liked.
641. I love this, it's absorbent but not bulky. Does not take up a lot of room in my gym bag
642. Our pediatrician recommended that our children take Omega 3 supplements.  We have tried several different brands, and the kids say these have the BEST taste.  They say they taste like candy.  It is much easier to get them to take these since they love the taste.
643. These tissues come in the cutest containers.  The containers are slim with a pretty floral and bunny print.  The container is very similar in design to Clorox wipes - you pull one tissue at a time out.  The tissues are not the softest but the containers make up for it.
644. I used this on an off-white bench cushion we have in our home.  The directions are clear and easy to follow.  So far whenever we've gotten dirt or anything else on the cushion we've been able to just brush it off.  There is no smell and it's non-toxic.
645. These are so cute and a great value for the money. I have two daughters, so the 4 pack is perfect - we can usually find 2 at bedtime. They’re adorable and my girls LOVE them!
646. works great, easy to set up. its perfect.
647. Originally purchased for travelling. Easy to pack and takes up little space. Had some left and started using on a regular basis. Does a great job. Takes up far less space in my tiny laundry room than those big tubs of detergent. Never makes a mess.  What more can I ask for?
648. LOVE this product and that it's offered on Amazon!
649. Work great on muscle cramps and sore muscles
650. i mean its a working scale. works great. looks nice in comparison to my crusty bathroom. love that
651. Since we installed Provenza oil finished floors I wanted to ensure that they were maintained the way the manufacture recommended. I use this product because that is what the manufacture recommends, but it is extremely pricy in my book.  The product separates quite a bit and yes, I know you are supposed to shake it, but at times I wish I had one of those paint can shaker machines to shake the product up.  I get a good workout with all the shaking required. :-) I'd like to find an alternative to the product.
652. Full disclosure, I got a huge discount to try these and review them. They are more than worth the discounted price, but not the &#34;list price&#34;, nor the &#34;price&#34; listed (and crossed out). They are probably worth the &#34;sale price&#34;.These bottles are solid blue glass. The blue is a vibrant, shiny blue.They arrived in great condition, securely packaged in the box. They are a great size for putting diluted essential oils for on-the-go aromatherapy.I cannot give them five stars because I prefer roller bottles with metal rollers because essential oils break down plastic over time. That isn't a huge issue as long as you make sure to dilute the oils heavily with a fatty oil, as suggested on the package. Don't make more than you would use in 1-3 months.Another thing that contributed to the reduction in stars was that the Amazon ad said that a free e-book was included. There was no information on how exactly to get the e-book.
653. Dont get this! I have tried to write a review for this product but they keep taking it down.When I got it, i had a card in there that said if i were to leave a 5 star review, i would get a rebatediscount.Otherwise, it's not all that special. The squeeze function is uncomfortable and the vibration isnt all that strong..
654. I went from the Legion Pulse preworkout to this and I can say, that this really gets me going strong even after an hour.
655. Horribly useless glasses. I tried them on and they were so tight and flimsy i couldnt keep them for longer than a few minutes. Went to start a return process and even though when i bought it, it was eligible for return, now they arent letting me and im within the 30 day period. Im furious at the waste of money on this product. It just doesnt work and isnt comfortable.  They arent bendable, so theyre a struggle to put on your ears.
656. Great for cramps and comfort. Helped reduce cramp levels. And provide warmth all day.
657. Wasn't what I thought it was, had a hokey way to attach to the tool.
658. Cuts my entire head of hair to 1.2 mm.
659. Great for camping or your purse for any cleanups. I don't think it's worth the money though - they're not SO high quality that it's worth it. Individual packing and natural is why I liked them, but won't be repurchasing.
660. Cute for a little girls party
661. This is a great diaper that has not failed us yet (you know what I mean by fail #babypooponmypants). The tabs secure well to the diaper and fit our daughter perfectly. It's nice to have a diaper without some of the chemicals that exist in others. The only thing I wish it had is that cool little yellow line on the huggies that turns blue when the diaper is wetdirty. Not sure if that could be utilized on a natural diaper. Otherwise, no complaints here!
662. I've been taking 3 tablespoons of this about every other day for about 2 months.  There is no doubt it is the real deal.  I do feel better, but I personally have had unfavorable results.  For one, I was one of those people who gained weight very easily from taking it. I don't know why.  I wasn't underweight.  I have also noticed that my cycle, which has always been off since I was a teenager and had somewhat regulated after the birth of my daughter, is now sporadic again.  I went 40 days last cycle and now am at like day 46 and still no period.I will continue taking this and probably purchase again.  It isn't  The Maca's Team fault my body is reacting this way, but my body IS reacting and that means the powder is working.  I will finish the bag and hope my body settles down.  It might take awhile as I started this powder with a pretty big hormonal imbalance.
663. Perfect for a very small bottle of powder.
664. good product , do the work
665. Sorry, but this one is a bust. The plastic is too hard and not flexible enough. Won't stay closed around my hair. Can't imagine it working for anyone.
666. This seems to work fine for making e-juice. Came sealed in a sturdy bottle. Slightly sweet. I'll be buying more.
667. This are HUGE. I tie a know on one corner and they don't fall out when the trash is taken. You can reuse them until they get really dirty and smelly.
668. I am enjoying this product so much.  It is something I use nearly every day and every time I do, I count my blessings.  The quality is exceptional and the cost is so much less than the small packages I have used in the past.  If you are after comfort, warmth, great price and superior customer service, you will find it all right here.
669. This book rocks my socks! I'd give it a milion stars if I could. Your first book was hilarious and this one is too. Trust me I know because in an alternative universe this book is out and my alternate universe self loves it too. So you've already done the thing and it was fabulous. Seriously Allie hope everything is ok. Your first book was the greatest hug I've ever received. I just want to thank you! &#60;3 Will wait forever...will be worth it. If I die before this comes out someone read this to me at my grave. Seriously, my alternate universe self is a douche and won't let me borrow her copy.
670. I did not order this for myself but the individual who is using the smelling salts has been very happy with the results. I've been told this is how smelling salts should be. So, on her behalf, I highly recommend to those looking for a good smelling salt.
671. I specifically bought this because even after 13 years the plastic hose on my old Waterpik doesn't hang parallel to the wall of the shower, but sticks out into the shower area.  I finally had enough, so I bought this, thinking it was coiled metallic material like on another showerhead we have and would lay parallel to the wall.  This isn't, and it doesn't.  It's thick smoked gray-colored plastic AROUND the coiled metalblack, and, you guessed it, protrudes out away from the wall into the shower stall.I bought this specifically to get the better hose that would lay flat, and Waterpik's web site shows it with that hose very clearly.  It turns out that's an extra cost item, just under $20, not the hose you receive when you buy the shower head.  It's also chrome look so not going to perfectly match this nickel look shower head.I can't say how this works for water pressure other than to say I removed the red flow inhibitor and also the white screw in piece that keeps it in place, and the water pressure was fine.  I never used it with them in, but I know from past Waterpiks it's pretty lame until you remove the flow inhibitor.Other than the hose complaint, it works well enough, and you should be able to find a setting that works well for you.
672. These are SOOOOOOOO tiny and cute and great size for travel, but REALLY hard to dispense from. I filled one each with lavender, peppermint, frankincense, Purify, Serenity, Sunny Citrus, and tea tree. NONE of them would dispense even one drop. I had to shake, shake, shake (you don't get a very accurate portion that way), and sometimes I'd see a film develop on the water of my travel diffuser so I knew *something* had come out. But what a pain!!! No drops.  I'm at a loss for how to actually use the oils from these little jars. You can't use a dropper unless you use separate ones for each oil (and of course take off the reducer), otherwise you'll contaminatemix due to residue of each oil in the dropper., and who is going to carry around 8 droppers? How do you get these to work??? Suggestions?
673. Gets out all sorts of stains!
674. But did not fit my eyelash curler. I didn't realize they weren't all the same size.
675. I bought this twice. The first time it was so clumpy. The second time still had clumps but way less, I think the first bag was older, the new bag fresher. I used this 2-3x daily as a poultice for about 6 weeks and my 9mm displaced fracture was fused 7 weeks post break. I used it in combo with the homeopathic symphytum, 1 pellet in my water daily. Great product but so so clumpy.
676. This fish oil has a pleasant, light orange taste.  I will repurchase it!
677. Purchased this as a gift for my mom for her new car. She collects swans and was VERY excited when she opened it. Great purchase!
678. I did not expect them to be of such nice quality. I bought about 40 of them in total to give as gifts to those who take my Face Fitness class.
679. It tastes fine. I like that the company has a &#34;Supplement Facts&#34; as opposed to a &#34;Nutrition Facts&#34; label. Which means the label is held to a very high standard to be accurate. With all the competition out there for this kind of product, this is a strong competitor.
680. These may work fine for you. For me, if I put a little too much tension on the strap attachment points they fold and release the mask.
681. This is a fantastic product for getting stains out of fabric. I have a special occasion tablecloth made of white denim with lots of embroidery done after each use. Despite spilled wine and gravy from these dinners, soaking the tablecloth overnight in Biz has kept it looking almost like new without fading the embroidery.  I use it on everything that has been soiled, stained or is tired- or yellow-looking.I think it works better than Oxy-clean. I've find it hard to find in brick or mortar stores.
682. These are a nice assortment of sanding twigs. I use for sanding metal clay before firing. The price is a little high given I found a much larger quntity on another site for less per twig. But, given I wanted these fast, it was worth it to buy them here with my free shipping.
683. On a ketogenic diet, you drink a lot of water and you lose a lot of water so you constantly have to replenish your electrolytes. This solution contains the perfect balance of minerals that you need and they're in a concentrated form so you can easily carry the bottle with you in your gym bag or purse. The dropper has measurements marked on it so you can tell how much you're taking. You just add it to plain or sparkling water. It tastes a little salty, but that's to be expected - salt is good on Keto. It replaces 4 individual supplements I was taking and I like that it's portable. It would also be very useful for anyone who is doing heavy workouts, sports or work outdoors in hot weather. Highly recommended.
684. This thing is huge--I wasn't expecting that. It will hold like 10 pills. I only have three so it's much more than I wanted.
685. I used this on my patio cushions, I wished I would have used it the first year I had them, they would not be a bit faded.  Get this when you oder your cushions
686. Beautiful color and big flakes! I love this product. If I ever run out, I will buy more without hesitation!
687. Honestly the best thing to clean tubs with!
688. The smell is awesome, not at all overpowering like regular bathroom cleaner. Works very well at keeping the tub clean with no scrubbing! Just make sure to take 10 seconds and rinse the walls of any soap or residue before getting out - other wise the cleaner won't be able to get to the actual shower wall.
689. Really absorbs liquid quickly and controls odor if used in a commode.
690. This mask is just far too over engineered. The thick metal piece is very uncomfortable and the mask has too much fabric. This all adds up into a very heavy mask that digs its metal into your nose and feels super bulky.Added bonus, the stitching here will block your vision when looking down.The ads got me good...but here I am warning you, it does not live up to the hype.
691. I'm on my second box of this.  It makes the fermented vegetables have a much better flavor than run of the mill fermented veggies.  I use the recipe recommended (adding juiced celery) and also add some Himalayan salt.  Super tasty!
692. I bought this for my sister, who is onto special effects makeup, as a birthday gift. In the description it says that this item is ammonia free which was exciting because she always complains about her eyes burning because of the ammonia. I just opened the package and on the ingredients list is ammonia hydroxide and ammonia! I'm sure she will still love the liquid latex but it's disappointing that it has ammonia in it. I will not repurchase this.
693. These bottles are perfect for blending your essential oils. The size, 10 ml, is great for home use or for travel. I will only use glass bottles for EO blends, and prefer dark or colored bottles as the light won't affect the contents. When ordering colored bottles, it is important that the bottles are colored glass and not just color-coated or painted glass. These are colored blue glass. The roller snaps on securely, and after I filled the bottle i laid it on its side for 15 minutes to make sure it didn't leak. It didn't. The roller is very smooth, and glides gently and easily, not always the case with other bottles from other manufacturers. The price was very competitive, and with Amazon Prime free shipping, the order arrived quickly. I am very pleased with these bottles and will definitely order from this supplier again.
694. Cleans way better than conventional solution.
695. I've gotten this lol from this brand before and love it. I use it on my face as my sole product, and my skin is radiant.This time, though, the product is unsatisfactory. It smells and looks like rancid almond oil. It does not have the color or smell of pumpkin seed oil in the least.
696. Exactly as advertised and fits perfectly. Also fits my Merkur 34c. Razor a bit short but fine. Expensive considering the low cost of the razor.
697. I am trying to eat lower carb and I have been amazed by how many carbs many protein bars have in them. I found this bar on Amazon and decided to order based on the reviews. This is DELICIOUS. It tastes remarkably similar to a candy bar, and the texture and chew is so satisfying. Everyone in my household loves these. I have reordered twice after my initial order!These are not the lowest carb bars I have found, but the carbs are doable and the taste is fantasic, so its a win-win for me. I haven't tried other flavors because this one is so good! I highly recommend them.
698. I don't know what I expected from these, but it was something more delicious than what I got. Let's be real: these are seaweed granules. And that's just what they taste like. I mix them into my daily bone broth, but they generally sink to the bottom right away. So the last bit of broth is always full of gritty granules that taste like the ocean floor. Not great, but hopefully they're at least good for me.
699. I got the giggles as this thing made my daughter’s hair and scalp quite literally “squeaky” clean! Her hair is insanely thick, but very fine, and also long. We’ve been battling dandruff for years, and tried everything. This has been a terrific help, and it somehow doesn’t tangle her hair in the process! I’m absolutely stoked on this thing, and so grateful I stumbled across it.
700. I drink coffee everyday and have notice more staining on my teeth so I decided to try the charcoal powder. It is definitely a messy process but wipes away really easily. I totally forgot to take a shot of my teeth for a before.  I have used it 3 days in a row and believe my teeth at a shade or two  lighter.
701. Love this product! It works as intended and works really well. But one problem I had was the residue it left on your nose and if you get it on your lenses it takes forever to clean off. You could say "well don't get it on your lenses, duh!" But when you're going about day to day tasks as well as the daily touching and readjusting you do, it will eventually get on your lenses. Be sure you have wet wipes but you'll be cleaning them for a good while trying to rub that stuff off.Still, it is a good product and I'll keep it on hand should I need it.
702. Smooth.  Right size.
703. If you MUST save on space, consider these laundry soap sheets.  I will be honest, though... hotel bar soap and baby wash made my clothes smell (and therefor feel) cleaner to me when doing laundry in the sink.  The soap sheets were easier to rinse out than the alternatives, but I do appreciate a good sudsing.  One time during our trip I ended up with a shirt so stinky (after one day on a train... and I am not a stinky woman usually!) that these sheets made the shirt a lost cause.  I'll blame it on the Turkish food, but man, these things could not keep up.  I ended up trying a combination of hand sanitizer, bar soap, this stuff, and Downy spray, but the initial wash seemed to &#34;set&#34; the stink.
704. My wife recently died and elected for her remains to be cremated. When I made the arrangements, the arranger suggested I shop around for an appropriate urn. He said he would be happy to sell me one, but that I might find something more suitable elsewhere.So, I turned to Amazon for help. This urn was perfect for my beloved wife. She loved birds and the birds on this urn were perfect.When I received the urn, I was very pleased with the quality of workmanship. I believe the design is hand-hammered. It might be machine hammered, but it is not a computer-guided work -- a human guided the work.I really like this urn and am pleased that I chose it.Edit: I corrected a couple of typographical errors.
705. LOVE IT. so fresh and coconut is wonderful
706. Doesn't really do anything and it broke soon after purchase.
707. These fit very well. They do reduce noise, but also muffles sounds you want to hear. Definitely just a reduction, not full hearing protection.
708. Bought these to help us save money on Dyer sheets. Our water has a certain smell so we wanted dryersheets, however it got expensive. These dryer balls are great! placed a couple of drops of lavender essential oil and my family is raving about how good our clothes smell.
709. Great price for two and does the job.
710. See disclaimer below:This Glucosamine Chondroitin MSM combination is great! I wanted to try it because I have a lot of joint pain and am seeking a diagnosis for Ehler's Danlos, a connective tissues disorder, so I'm trying to find things that will support joint health and maybe help relieve a little of the back and knee pain I experience. I know that this company has really high-quality products and I've been very pleased with this one. The gelatin capsules are so much easier to take than the big pills I've bought over the counter in the past and there is very little smell and no taste. I have to take a lot of medicine already so that is a huge plus for me. It also helps cartilage health, immune system, and hair, skin, and nails. So it covers a lot which I appreciate. Less supplements to take is always better in my book. I highly recommend this product, especially for the joint health as I have begun to notice a difference in my knees particularly.
711. Happy that it comes with a small booklet on how to stretch with it. Rolling my back on this and hamstrings feels great! Does a great job of decompressing spine. Glad I went with this product. Really hope it does not chip or damage easily.
712. These were great for my birthday, I definitely would recommend it for anyone looking for decorations!
713. Didn't feel much change in the fridge
714. This is a solid heating pad and I love the size. The heat level options are great and it is really soft.
715. Everything works as it should.
716. OK scale, seems to be a little inaccurate, same reading three days in a row. But for the price it will do.
717. Awesome product! No odor. Glasses stay where they need to be. Simple solution to a constant problem!
718. Only issue with this tissue package group is that there are quite a bit fewer in box now...so run through boxes like water.
719. Duplicate, needed in two rooms, kids fight over stars no more!  Thank you for posting sale.
720. Awesome product! No odor. Glasses stay where they need to be. Simple solution to a constant problem!
721. This thing is horrible.  I can get over the fact that it didn't fit my hair dryer.  I had to cut it to get it over the dryer nozzle, but the dang think kept blowing off my head.  I had to sit the dryer on the arm of the chair so that I could hold the bonnet on.  Finally I gave up and tied a walmart bag around my head and cut a whole in for the dyer.  I played with this thing for over 30 minutes.  Since I cut it, I can't return it, but very disappointed.
722. I bought this iron because it had great reviews and I keep seeing the THYME flat iron in my facebook feed, but didnt want to spend a fortune on trying it out.  It takes some getting used to, you do need to twist the iron as you go but not much. I did get an instant curl, though you have to be careful not to flatten too much (hold in place too long). THe iron seems like nice quality, easy to turn on and change temps, and I like the lights as it heats up. It is pretty too, and has a good weight to it. I just got it so I cant speak to it lasting, but for the price I am happy!
723. Be very careful with this product.. I read the reviews that said there was no bad side effects, no jitters, etc. Yesterday I took half of one pill before lunch (to test) and that was the worst day I've ever had. I had to leave work early and spent all day in the bathroom with diarrhea. I had pain every 10-15 minutes in my stomach. I was about to go to urgent care but the pain started to appear every half hour or so. Had to miss work the next day.Please be careful with these pills! I am not sure what happened, but it might be that I am that sensitive to caffeine (and I drink soda a lot).
724. These look good and feel good. I use them while road biking and it allows me to not just have protection from the rays of the sun but also be able to clearly read my bike computer.
725. This works great for when you're in a pinch and need to quickly shave without getting a shower. I've used to quite a few times on my legs already. It works well and gives a pretty close shave. I feel like it is a little bit "pinchy" but not enough to actually bother me and maybe that's just user error. I love that it's re-chargable and you don't have to replace any batteries.
726. This eyelash curler works pretty well. I find it better to use after I apply mascara, BUT it does "melt" the mascara a little bit. It gets pretty warm, has a few different temp settings and has an automatic shut-off. I don't think I like it quite as much as a regular lash curler (which I warm up with my blowdryer) but it does a good job.
727. I usually slip these heel protectors on my bare feet before putting socks on, and because they're a bit thinner than other ones I've tried, I can wear them with tighter shoes that I wasn't able to wear heel sleeves with before. They add a little cushion every time you take a step, which reduces strain on your heels and helps relieve pain from plantar fasciitis. Massaging your feet is important when treating plantar fasciitis, and this set comes with a small ball you can roll under your feet for a massaging effect.
728. Bought these for a photography safari to Botswana.  It's very important to drop my sunglasses off my face quickly to get an action shot.  I think these Holdies will do the job for both my husband and me.  We don't want to losebreak our glasses while getting that once-in-a-lifetime shot.  I like the streamlined look of the Holdies.  Leaving in a week for the month long trip.  Thanks for sending them in a very timely manner.
729. This seemed like a silly purchase but after ruining two pairs of glasses in a week because I set them down and then broke them because I didn't see them, it seemed like I had to do something. Now my glasses only go in one of these. One on my desk and the other near where I'm reading.
730. Not as good as the Aquacel Extra AG, but these are MUCH less expensive and work just fine on their own. Save the super pricey ones for MRSA and stuff.
731. Just like the product from so many years ago! Great!
732. A tool that you can use to see your ear’s outer canal, maybe your nostril or inside your mouth?  Yes, this one maybe.Unfortunately, the app is so buggy and unusable. Due to this, the camera is useless since it will only work with the apps.  Please see the photos of the iPhone screenshot of the apps.If you want to know some details here they are:The package comes with the following:a) Otoscope (the camera)b) Short USB-CUSB-A charging cablec) Additional silicon tipsd) Various toolsThe outer tip of the camera has a place where you can plug in a silicon tip. The tip is a little bit harder. I wish it is softer to prevent any damage to our eardrum in case the tip is accidentally over-extended. Anyways, the purpose I think is to use it to scoop any ear wax that we may find.The bottom of the camera handle has an open USB-C port. The charging cable provided is too short so you may want to use your own cable. Note that a USB-A power brick is not included, you have to provide your own.The various tools are all in the same small plastic bag. Two are plastic, one is plastic brush and the rest are all metals. I am worried and will not use metals in my ears. I am wondering why they included those when there is also a warning on the included Otoscope Manual. Bullet 8 under NOTES says “8. Please do not use metal ear picks directly to remove ear wax.”This camera is useless without its apps. You need to download the app named “Suear” from Apple Apps Store if you have an iPhone. Android apps are also available but for this test, I am using an iPhone. As I mentioned earlier, the app is so buggy and unusable. Making this product useless. Stay away from this product until they fixed their apps.
733. I have bought this product in the past in several colors, and let me just say I only use it on my toenails. I am not a fingernail polish girl - I have never been able to get ANY brand to stay on my fingernails for even a full day. This polish stays great on toenails though. It is actually more durable than conventional polish.I bought this in the Vintage Merlot color this time and it is stunning. It is a creamy dark red with purple undertones (pretty true to merlot color). I wasn't expecting to like it so much. It is almost a dead ringer for my old favorite OPI nail polish, Mrs. O'Leary's BBQ. I am more than happy with this nail polish.
734. We love the new scale!  It post our weight each day onto our Fitbit app. The scale is helping us live a healthier life style.
735. works as it should...plenty of coverage...doesn't feel like it will fall off.
736. It's the standard for a reason, but boy do they know it.
737. I love to bake and often have brought treats to work in the past.  During the pandemic we were not able to bring in anything that wasn't individually wrapped.  I had been looking for something to bring in cupcakes, but most were cost prohibitive.  When I found these I was happy to see that they were much less than the others I was looking at (and not having to buy a huge amount as was the case with commercial containers).  These were just great, and I received lots of compliments.  I've already ordered another box.
738. These are the best shower scrubs I’ve ever used ! I love them. This is my second purchaseof these. They are exfoliating.. but soft, and they larger up very nicely without falling apart. Great deal.
739. Brew it with hot water, it helps with lung cleaning.
740. Works but loses shape quickly.
741. Wrappers leak coconut oil. Packaging attracted ants.
742. Great protein bars. Great flavor.
743. Tasty protein bars. Hard to decide which flavor is best.
744. I really like this product. I was concerned about the small size of the compartments, but I found that it holds my prescription meds, which are the most critical. I can keep my larger supplement pills in another container and take them separately. I take one star off because there are a couple of compartments that don't stay closed without bullying, but out of 124 compartments, 122 good ones seems pretty good to me. The daily container is small enough to tuck into my purse so I can always have it with me when dosing time arrives. I found it quite easy to load up, and now I have a full month ready so I have no excuses.
745. cute for girls who loves playing saxophones
746. Perfect for Trauma nursing!
747. I ordered the Lightening X stocked EMT bag. This bag $70 cheaper than putting it together myself (not including the bag). The items that need to be quality are. Loved all the flaps and pockets of the bag.
748. Great buy on a terrific cleaning product!
749. A great product! You get that great ginger taste wothoiy all the chopping!
750. I have a couple of shoes that rub bunions — it works as advertised.  I have also used it to keep sticky zippers working.
751. Exactly as pictured and described. Recommended if you need good quality boric acid.
752. Doesn't smell like lemon essential oil at all to me. Smells very fake. I think I should have been wary to buy such a large bottle for such an inexpensive price.
753. I love these! Found them while traveling through Ireland and now cannot use anything else!
754. TERRIBLE product. I've tried to use it several times--every time it's completely messed up my nails. The fingers are too long and bulky. Great idea--but don't bother if you have small hands.
755. Super soft and a good price.
756. I just received my first order of JUNP and I'm so excited to have found it!  My uncle, who works in the medical field, recommended it to me.  After being a long-time Liquid IV user, I  was looking for something less expensive but just as good.  I'm really pleased to see that JUNP contains even more variety and quantity of necessary electrolytes than the Liquid IV product.  I also like the "texture" of the JUNP in my water better.  JUMP is less sweet, but just as delicious, and I love that it comes in a small canister that is easy to store...it doesn't crowd my pantry.We go through a LOT of electrolyte mix around here with 2 high school athletes!  My husband and I are also in our 40s and have to be more conscious of our nutrition, and the JUNP will help us with natural hydration and energy so we can avoid caffeinated sodas.
757. What can you say about this product? Hopefully it does what it says it does.
758. I used it as a roller!!
759. I couldn't get this device to stay put in the toe box of my shoe once it was inserted and expanded,  and so it was  not useful at all  Am returning it.  (Also,  after having read other reviews, which suggested this device may be too big for some shoes, I even ordered a size smaller than indicated by my shoe size. Even so, it was impossible to jam it all the way into the toe box, and then when it was expanded, it slipped out even farther.)It's a design flaw.  If it had an adjustable wood block on the other end of the threaded bolt, that could be used as an abutment against the back of the shoe and it would keep the device in place. With that design change,  I think this device would work well. But as it's currently designed, I found it useless.
760. I am usually in ketosis.  But when I cheat, I cheat and fall out with sugars and breads.  I know, it’s the worst thing I could fall out with.At night, after a cheat day, I will wake up and have to jump out of bed to the worst calf cramps I have ever had.  This magnesium is the only thing that has taken care of this issue.So now the pain of cheating is only in the regular pain, like weight gain, guilt, the three days of fasting with gross glycogen hunger pangs.
761. Works fantastic!
762. Latch closure not secure. Pops open.Had to put a rubber band around it.
763. This works so well and the hairs are preserved well without being crumbled. I'm  saving the nose hairs to make custom false lashes to sell on Etsy.
764. This is especially helpful when popping pimples on the neck of the person in front of you on the bus. Keeps you from actually having to touch them.
765. this is a great product, freshens up almost everything!  fast shipping
766. I held off on buying 13 cottons because I figured it couldn’t be good for vaping! It’s Amazon cotton and it’s cheap, but don’t let that deter you! I tried many different brands, including cotton bacon prime, cloud 9, wotofo cotton, goose cotton, etc etc. This cotton keeps up with the best and has become a favorite of mine!! It has very little break in time, lasts a long time, and the flavor on it is as good as the best cottons!  Don’t hesitate, you won’t be disappointed.. I sure wasn’t!!
767. Product was as described
768. Perfect for icing my lower back when inflamed with arthritis!
769. It worked, the problem was my tooth wouldn't hold for more than a day, but for that one day it was helpful!  I did get to feel confident in fro t of guests.
770. I purchased this for my desk chair and it raised it up so high I could not sit in the chair comfortably.  I did not return it, but I do not use it.
771. Nice plates & napkins for a birthday celebration.
772. Bottle arrived on June 2 but had an expiry date of April 2020 !
773. Only thing is, I have a pacemaker and you can’t use this product with a pacemaker. Therefore, it’s useless to me.  My husband LOVES it for his back and legs though.  So it turned out as a great present!  Lol
774. Got the bundle because it was cheaper than just toilet paper. Garbage bags aren't amazing but they do the job
775. I reordered this after good results from my first order.  Some people have difficulty getting the powder to dissolve.  The company sent me directions and assurances that it will gradually dissolve and gel.  The directions say to add a small amount of the powder in cold distilled water.  At first it will be clumpy and cloudy, but after a few hours in the refrigerator it will clear and gel.  I then dilute it to the thickness I want.  I was told it will be OK at room temp for a week and in the frige for weeksmonths.  Their customer service is very helpful and the gel itself is so good for my face.  I use it night and day with a general face cream.  I does not bother my skin at all, whereas other products with other ingredients (preservatives?) would cause my skin to sting a bit.  I also use this as a topical cream for my knees and wrists in hopes this will help with my arthritis.  It can be taken internally also, as I am told.
776. I absolutely love this. Smells so good and makes for a very good nights sleep. I just spray the bed every night
777. Very high quality light. I use it at my main sewing machine. Makes a big difference. Will definitely be ordering more to put at my other machines.
778. Great toothbrush. Soft. My dog tolerated it very well.
779. It came already opened, which is gross. I never listen to these types of reviews because of course this doesn't always happen and I'm the unlucky one. But it's very disappointing because I was really looking forward to using this.
780. Very nice set.  Good smooth filing.
781. It’s SO hard to find a chapstick that is both cruelty free and vegan, so while I did consider these a bit pricy for chapstick it’s definitely worth it!!! Most of the flavors are amazing- I especially love the peach coconut one. However, the patchouli one is kind of strange. It smellstastes like I just smeared incense on my lips, and not in a good way. It almost has a smell that seems like it should not be going on my lips. Like I said though, the other scents are amazing and very moisturizing. Definitely will be buying more of these!
782. Wery good and quality cotton.
783. I put one in my tiny office and another in my living room to help with cigarette smoke and animal odors.  I have not noticed one bit of difference in the smell of my home since I put them in.  I gave them two months, and now of course, cannot return them.  There is absolutely no change in either room and both rooms have no change in the air quality.
784. The blue color is darker than pictured but it will work nicely for my glasses. Seems to be well made.
785. Like the size of the pills, not too big. Taking for stomach issues. So far I think they are helping. So grateful!
786. Two pak Wein 1.35v batteries.  Followed instructions, removed tab, let batteries set for over 30 mins. before using in camera.  Zilch.  Dead.  Replaced with different brand battery, camera worked fine.  Very disappointed with the Wein product.
787. Absolutely love this! I've bought so many curling irons and ended up throwing themOut because they don't get hot enough to curl my hair. This definitely does the job! I got the perfect curls with this and I just received the item yesterday curled my hair for a Photoshoot with my son. I have a lot of hair and thick hair and I didn't have a hard time what so ever. Highly recommend. Also got here right on time
788. I have long, thick hair having said that these things are worthless! They are hard, stiff plastic, have no give to them. I tried using them several times and couldn't get them to work at all! Waste of money!!
789. After purchasing gel gloves that did not fit, I decided to try these cotton gloves, which are a great value.  Of course, you use your own hand lotion and cuticle cream but they are comfortable to wear all night.  And you can wear the same pair many times given that you are putting them on clean hands!  So a dozen pair will last a long time!I haven't done it, but I presume that you could also use them for dirty work to keep your hands clean.
790. this is not good for clothes....
791. I really like these only wish some were a little smaller to fit my skinner metal straws, other than that they a great. Very pleased with this purchase.
792. Sturdy handle, firm bristles.I've had problems with handles breaking on plastic bath brushes, and soft, mushy bristles on woodennatural material brushes.Many wooden brushes also have problems with the brush head coming off the handle.
793. This hard-to-find completely clear liquid product is perfect for those who need a &#34;legal&#34; form of protein during a liquid-only diet prior to an ever-so-fun colonoscopy. For some unfathomable reason, you can buy &#34;Clear&#34; Ensure in &#34;mixed berry&#34; (i.e., red dye) flavor at the pharmacy, but you can't use that during the prep itself because redpurple dye in any liquid product used during the prep is strictly prohibited. I confirmed this directly with Ensure customer service. WHAT WAS THE MANUFACTURER THINKING?!?!  Although there is some delay in shipping, it's well worth the wait, if you have time to order this before your next procedure. I was unable to order it through my local pharmacy or large retail chain grocery stores. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! Great flavor, and very welcome protein vs. chicken broth, Jello, frozen lemonade, etc. as recommended by the doctor during the prep itself.
794. This looks good but Order was delivered without Cutter inside package
795. Awesome Set Perfect to have for Shoes that need Adjustment. Nothings Perfect but this set works for me!
796. I put it on with soaking wet hair. Helps define curls and tamp down Friz.
797. Works fine
798. These are fantastic quality bows and the best part is that they store flat so you don't have to worry about squishing them when they're stored. They are easy to make into a bow and are consistent so you always know each bow is going to look amazing! I use these bows on every present I wrap and everyone always comments on how beautiful the wrapping is done! My "secret" is these bows!
799. This is better than nothing. I have a garden tub with nonslip bottom. No one would be able to sit in a tub with a nonslip surface. It doesn’t stick too well on the fiberglass but I can deal with that. Overall, it makes the tub very inviting and serves my purpose.
800. Very good quality and it is highly concentrated. Use a drop at a time until you reach the scent strength you want. I like Radha Lemon Oil so much, as I run out of other essential oils I will replace as many as possible with this brand.
801. Came in a bubble envelope and were busted up. Smelled good though.
802. Helped with swollen legs and lymph nodes drainage
803. I have using this fish oil for years and would not think of switching.  It have very little taste of fish oil.
804. Item worked to keep my dog busy. It is very well made as it can withstand biting from a big shepherd and a small puppy. Using peanut butter is great but it can get hard to clean it but not impossible. Also, while on the ground it's good to use a solid surface and wet it a little bit otherwise it will continue to come off. So far it's a great tool to keep dog busy and supposedly clean their teeth at the same time.Updated review: company used my email address to send spam. Not good.
805. A really nice scale that compliments the fit bit flex, I purchased a few weeks prior. I tested it by comparing the reading to the expensive scales at the gym, and it was right on.
806. You won’t know “Who done it?” until the last chapter.  Written in British country dialect. Great bedtime read.
807. Hard to read, otherwise, probably as accurate as any home scale.
808. Sent back would not fix my glasses.
809. I have this thermometer for 13 months and thanks god my kids are super healthy and they barely got sick. My daughter got sick yesterday and had a very high fever and this thermometer was like a joke. It gave me consecutive readings like 104.5 - 103.7 - 101.9- 101.2- I tested both ear and forehead and no luck. I knew she had a very high fever but I wanted to know exactly how much, but with this thermometer that was not possible.I tried to call the customer service because they usually want to make the customer happy...but not this time.They told me that as the warranty expired one month ago and they could not do anything. I get that...but I just thought a 24$ thermometer will last More than one year... So I guess I need to buy another thermometer, but I'm not buying Innovo ever again!
810. Smells heavenly!
811. I could tell with only wearing the Iasulet a short period of time that it has plumped my skin. I use it with a moisturizing cream and use rose water spray. Love this skincare product!! Will 100% repurchase.  Love the size! What a fantastic savings!! Happy customer. D:
812. There are greatmore comtfortable than a canemore supportiveWish they came in colors
813. These crumble faster and don't hold water as they used to. Will be looking for another brand.
814. I like this product, even better that it is talc free.  Love the scent.
815. Handle is very wobbly and the manufacturer will not all returns
816. Love these scrubbers, colorful and work well, NOT scented
817. as expected
818. Cut great so far time will tell how they last.
819. This stuff has been very helpful to me. I use it on psoriasis when nothing else helps, it calms the itch. I also use it on my boxer who has skin issues and ear problems. Since I bought this, I've only had her to the vet for an allergy shot once. I will definitely buy it again.
820. I use this along with other soaps as an inexpensive laundry detergent.  It works very well.
821. This is absolutely durable and is a fantastic idea.
822. A waste of my money, don't work at all
823. When I first started using Japanese organic for wicking RDAs, it was a premium material, now it got cheaper and that's one of the only things that has in the vape industry
824. Great stuff, but seems rub off easily which leads the need for several reapplications, but when on performs very nicely
825. This works great and it a great value. It doesn't take much to work.
826. The size is not 3.2 gallon. More like 2.4 gallon. Will not fit any of my 4 small bathroombedroom trash cans. The first bag tore in half when I tried to pull it off the roll. The second split down the side when I tried to put it in a small 3 gallon trash can. I will not buy them nor would I recommend them at any price.
827. I bought this some time ago as an Amazon today deal. This is such a wonderful spray. I could not afford the 29 dollars but it is worth every cent. Here is hoping for another today's deal
828. These chews have the same amount of turmeric in one, the same, mind you, as one square chew I was buying at a much higher price from Sam's Club. Dosage is two tablets, but I only eat one per day, since that's all I was taking with the other more expensive chews. I have an arthritic knee and turmeric is one of the treatments I use, along with Moringa, and exercise. Makes a world of difference.  Since I do all three things, hard to say what is doing the most good, but I went from thinking I would have to use a cane the rest of my life, to just occasional soreness.  So very thankful.
829. I have been looking for a nicer and easier alternative for a travel toothbrush and this fits the bill. It comes with an extra toothbrush head which makes it even more convenient for travel when it is both my husband and myself. The silver case is a nice touch too. There are alternate colors available if silver isn't your thing. The bristles on the toothbrush are soft and gentle on the gums. All you have to do is carefully fill the toothpaste area and you are done! There is a small hole in the middle of the bristles that lets the toothpaste out. I appreciate that there is a cleaning stick so I can remove any residual toothpaste if I am not going to use it for awhile.I did receive this product for free, but my reviews are always honest.
830. Very irritating to my scalp. Threw away
831. This is the best chair I've ever had..love the comfort.. the light weight makes it easy for my family to transport it and me.  THANKYOU
832. I got 2 of these stones completely different shades of the many shades of Irish green..my only problem is choosing which one to keep and which to give to my daughter..
833. When I read this book in the future, back when it hasn't been published yet, it changed my life!  But seriously, I already know I will love this book when it becomes available. Thank you Allie, for Hyperbole and a Half and all things created by your wonderful self. I'm super excited to see the new book. Hope you're doing well.
834. Very practice and useful tool, use it everyday!
835. So very soft, and makes a nice lather. A tad smaller than I expected, but I got used to it quickly.  Held up pretty well, shape-wise.  I will be reordering.
836. Useless; the spring is bigger and coarser than other brands I've tried, and didn't even epilate.  I felt nothing pulling or epilating when I used it, but did when I  immediately tried  my older wand from another company.  I threw these 2 away.  Thankfully, they were not expensive.  I've learned Bellabe is worth the extra money.
837. Works great
838. It is so rough and tore off my skin and started to bleed while i was walking. Had to remove it Midway and it was sticking to the socks. Bad experience and now I have to wait for healing before I put on my shoes. And these happened within 2 Miles walk. Never buy it if you have soft skin
839. This didn't have enough power to bring or air bubbles to make it racing.  It is now in my shed.
840. The ingredients in this product seemed sound and the product seemed like it would be effective; however, it was just another over-inflated diet product! Although it was supposed to be a natural product, it upset my stomach and apparently the green tea was a bit much for me and gave the the "jitters!" I could not get pass 1 pill a day because of how bad this product made me feel. Maybe that's why I did not see any results??? I would take it in the morning and be sick to my stomach throughout the day. It also caused difficulties sleeping, even though I was extremely tired by the time the jitters wore off! Because of my experience, I would not recommend touching this mess with a "ten foot pole."
841. I heard Mr Clean was great. I buy these cleaning blocks two for a dollar at a grocery store here in San Jose. They are 10 times better than mr. Clean I'm sorry I bought them they clean okay but nothing like others
842. I really needed a good set for my serger.  This is well made and gives you reach in those hard to reach areas.
843. Spend...but worth the Bucks! Really does a fabulous job if you follow the directions.
844. I tried these for 2 weeks, one per day.  I've been taking Kirkland Stool Softeners daily for 3 years and they work OK but wanted something a little stronger for my  constipation.  Major Dok 250mg softgels gave me cramps and runny stools.  I am headed back to Kirkland.
845. these stickers were so lovely and elegant.  I used them for Christmas cards that were blank inside.  I really loved them and would use them again.
846. A bit bigger than needed so it is clumsy to deal with. I would not pay that much again. These are as durable as a generic sandwich bag.
847. Don’t waist your moneyDoesn’t work at all
848. Perfect for carrying essentials!
849. I diet and walk for 30 minutes a day 5days a week. It's not a miracle pill. But if you change your eating habits and get a little active it will work over time.
850. Cinnamon mouthwash is a must in our household.  My husband loved cinnamon Listerene but that is no longer sold.  So I found this.  He actually preferred the Lavoris.  He said it has great flavor.. not too much alcohol.. just right.
851. I do not have large arms but I ordered the largest size available and they were too tight to wear.
852. Better than any lint rollers purchase at Walmart or other stores!!  I'll be purchasing these regularly!!  I have Shelties in my home - there's always hair to be removed and these work beautifully!!  This is my second order and I'm just as thrilled with the product as I was the first time!!
853. This came with no instructions, so I wasn't sure exactly how it was supposed to go. Because of that and that I had to look it up online it loses a star. Part of the reason it loses a star too is this is really really really hard on your neck, and if you already have sore muscles not going to feel very good. The reason it still gets four stars is because after a few days of using it, I realize how great it does work to relieve pain instantly when my pain is getting too much. It really must work to align stuff in a way that relieves pain. At least for me it did work. I did find putting a blanket over it then using it made it more comfortable and I got the same effects. So if you find it is a little too hard for you maybe try putting a nice little fleece blanket over it. It was hard to adjust to, but once I did I really liked it.
854. I like several things about these. They have the most beautiful natural smells. And just a couple drops in my diffuser. Awesome
855. From the picture, I thought it would fit just about any bathtub faucet.  It didn't fit mine at all and I can't return it.  Disappointed.
856. Each came with its own microfiber bag.  The red is my favorite.  I would definitely order again.  I have had them for over eight months and they are still in good condition.
857. Wish they were like the original Ohio Blue tips that would light off anything.  But still work ok
858. this was a reorder
859. A great addition to almost any bakery mix. Especially good combined with Capella Popcorn.
860. A great addition to the kettlekorn I already had. Together with graham and caramel makes a tasty vape.
861. Great in a smoothie
862. Love it and it fits my scooter great value.
863. Helped with recent surgery. Works as expected
864. Fantastic Product! This pill case is really good for people who need vitamins or medications 7 days a week. The bags are large enough to accommodate my medications and multiple vitamins. Labels on the compartment are large and easy to read. Great for travel too! A must for travelers.
865. Love them. They are the best on the market
866. Material is a little cheap and unfortunately looks it. It's fine, but isn't the best looking. Like the ombre color, but that's a little cheap looking too.
867. a hit at the party!
868. Bought some nice designer frames that look great, but don't always stay on my small nose.  I thought this would be the solution given all the hype over it.  But after I ordered this, I started the waiting game.  I received delays notices, then was given the option to cancel because it was going to take so long to receive.I decided to cancel, but the product has stayed in my queue as if I am still waiting for it.  I'll be checking my account to see if I was actually charged for this.  Grrrr.I would love the chance to try it, so if you're listening Nerdwax, please, send this.  Finally.
869. Product works fine, but the material isn't that strong. Product flexes way too easily compared to a similar product I have. Pretty small in comparison as well, but I would say this works best for females than males with more mass.
870. Great trimmer that worked well in shower. I still prefer a razor blade for a much closer shave.
871. Very surprised by this product. It works extremely well. Shaves and pulls hair very nicely. Gotta be cautious though when pulling hair and it took me several passes just to get everything. Very good, but could be better.
872. Works ... good value for the price
873. I have used it hot and cold on my hip. It makes it feel wonderful.  Stays in place and delivers the heat or cold exactly where it is needed.  Love it, use it often!!
874. Nice big containers
875. I weigh less than the max weight, had the chair less than 8 weeks and the bottom just shattered on me.
876. Nice product, but over priced, I found it at a big box store for half the price.
877. Very thin. Made from an odd material. I don't think they do anything. I've stacked a couple hoping for better results. Not worth the price.
878. Cute, lightweight, fits well.
879. Love them. Great being able to see the dashboard again.
880. These are awesome. My heavy wetter now sleeps through the night!
881. I have Plantar Fasciitis and it is very painful.  I hoped these insoles would give me some relief but they did not.  I tried to use several time and alternate with my original shoe inserts but didn't help at all.  Thanks.
882. Very portable and easy for on the go! This pump worked extremely well for me, easy to clean, put together, and charger! Great value for the price I used it while my little one was in the nicu and liked it better than the hospital pump. Definitely worth the buy!!!
883. I couldn’t find the other product I like to use within the time frame I had so I tried this. It’s just as good and smells great!
884. I really enjoy the quality of this product! It isn't cheaply made and looks good! I will definitely purchase again.
885. I love the fact that I can use this cage for my dog or cat! It’s easy to put together and Carrie.
886. Love the variety.  Little large but good.
887. I love how it fits and keeps the mask off your face
888. Very quiet and yet very efficient. Buy one you won’t be disappointed
889. Easy to attach. Smaller than I thought but it is still a good size. It is very sturdy too.
890. It is nice to be able to get the supplies I need without making many phone calls or wait for representive to bring to me. Very nice product, thanks.
891. I previously bought a small set of dental tools to use at home for removing plaque between my routine office cleanings. I ordered this set on a whim and I’m so glad I did. It is so much nicer than my old set! Each tool is very sturdy and is longer than any of the tools from my first set. The ones I’ve used so far work quite well. It would have been nice to have included some instructions though because this set comes with a lot more than my old one (which only had two tools plus the little mirror). I’m not sure what some of these tools are for. I’m sure they all have a specific special purpose, I just don’t have any idea what some of them are. This set comes in a nice case for storage or travel. I’m definitely glad I decided to get these.
892. It removes some of the pilling that gets on blankets, sweaters and other items that typically contain acrylic but it doesn’t do a great job. It’s better than nothing but you have to go over the item multiple times in order to remove a noticeable amount of the pills. It is easy to use and clean. Wish it worked a lot better but I’m keeping it because it’s definitely better than nothing.
893. *Update: Now that I've used this a little while and have gotten used to it, I upgraded my review from 3 to 4 stars.I guess I was expecting something different. I’ve had those metal head scratchermassage things before that feel amazing when you use them. This is meant to use in the shower when you shampoo your hair. I was thinking it would feel similar to the metal ones but would have an added benefit of being able to use in the shower. You are definitely able to do that with this and it feels decent on your scalp. The bristles are stiff though, not flexible like the metal ones, which feel amazing when you use them. I got this item for free as part of the Vine program and probably would not purchase this item for myself after using it. The price is good though and I’m probably going to try this with my dogs. I think it would make a great scrubber to use for their baths. It’s just not that great for me.
894. Stays on my lips rather than soaking in. The rose scent is overpowering and tastes like what I imagine potpourri would taste like.
895. These clippers didn't really do good for my shaggy Yorke's hair. They did fine using the main blade alone on the shorter groin hair when shaving so it would probably work for a short haired animal. Just not on shaggy Yorkie hair so for me I would not buy them again.
896. It’s much thinner than I was hoping for but should do the trick if I double or triple layer it.  But that will only make the usable length 13 what is listed.:
897. Threw it out
898. They start out kinda hard but quickly soften and are easy to chew. Very sweet in my opinion.Will probably buy again.
899. This goat milk bath was so luxurious. I purchase the 2 piece sampler and used the lavendar & rose. It doesn't have overwhelming aroma (if you're concerned about clashing with your perfume). My skin gets dried out in the winter and this soak made my skin so soft and moisturized afterwards that I didn't even have to apply lotion. The product dissolves completely and the bath water turns milky which I think gives you the total spa experience. Love the Five Sisters products and look forward to trying any new items they might bring out!
900. I love anything that keeps my teeth white - it’s not the most cleanest of products - chances are you will make a mess but the mess is definitely worth it
901. Tastes good and  works great!  Love it
902. This does not hold my essential oils in place at all. Every time I go to get them out if the container has been flipped over one time while moving it around all my oils will be everywhere. The holes are too big for my 5ml bottles.  Its a big disappointment to me and I will be looking for a different case.
903. Love this product.
904. I really only needed the Buffer Block, but this kit was so cheap, I ordered this instead. You get alot for the price. Very pleased. Was packaged nicely too!
905. Received them today, my husband uses them everyday as he has had multiple back surgeries. His last one has lasted for a few yrs and is pretty worn out. Came on day as promised.
906. I have been drinking a beer before bed with lots of hops to help me get to sleep. I thought I might try this instead but I would have to take about 8 for them to work so I am going to try the liquid.
907. I was really looking forward to receiving this item because of the way it appeared on the site. Unfortunately, my first night using it was a bid disappointment. The mask is soft and plush to the touch, however, when worn at night, the nose bridge part presses way too hard on the top of the nose and impedes breathing. If I loosen the strap (which is not velcro and gets tangled in the hair) the mask then is too loose and falls off the face. The pads press just too much on the bottoms of the eyes and make it uncomfortable to breathe and turn the head. The strap gets tangled in the hair because you can't velcro it over the back, you have to pull it over the head. The padding is weighted incorrectly and caused me discomfort while trying to breathe and sleep with it therefore I had to return it.  Maybe for less sensitive sleepers this might work - but this was advertised as designed for ultra comfort and sensitivity.
908. I use it mostly to clean my windows.  Cleans nicely and doesn't leave streaks.
909. This product arrived spoiled and sour. I will be returning it.
910. My husband was tired of using tennis balls for his walker so he decided to try this option.  The socks that go vet them for inside use ripped almost immediately.  Without the socks, they scraped my wood floors.  We ended up throwing them away.
911. My husband needed it to help heal his back using a wound vac.  The VA took forever to make a delivery which means I had to order it online.  It works well.
912. I really like these. They are similar to other brands but cheaper and I feel like they work better than other brands.They are somewhat hard to remove but thats with any brand. I did notice a whiter smile.
913. The don’t scrub like I wanted
914. came in just as described
915. used it once. then tossed it. did not curl my lashes
916. it is what is ya know i don't really care for it ...small can
917. easy to use, easy to carry with you and works..
918. ICan Icelandic Cod Liver is a good way to get nutrition and it is delicious.
919. I think this little air purifier works great. It is NOT noisy, as others have opined. There is a low grade, subtle whir that comes from the unit when it's running but not disruptive at all. With the purchase!
920. This stuff works great!  Helps clean out the coffee pot and keeps it brewing well!
921. These socks worked great for my father in law.  He had swelling in his legs and these helped relieve that really fast.
922. I’d give 5 stars, but this does not moisturize very well. Need to reapply often. I’ve been looking for a good vegan lip balm that works as well as Burt’s Bees, but this isn’t it, unfortunately.
923. When my mom was on oxygen these grips worked much better than expected. Once they were on, they stayed on — even when tossing and turning during sleep — unless she wanted to take them off. Anytime I asked her how they felt, she said she forgot all about them after a day or so. If you’re thinking about these for yourself or a loved one, I think you’ll be happy with these.
924. comfortable for sure.it will eventually fall off. but since it cheap so it is ok to use it as disposable.but the problem is the glue start to ooze out and get everywhere which is a pain to clean bc it is silicon.
925. I take Omega-3 daily for many many years. I came across this Brand and after reading the "Supplement Facts" I decided to purchase it. After using it for a while i decided that i will keep purchasing this brand instead of the one I used in recent years. It's as good as any other brand - I truly recommend it.
926. These vials are very expensive. The saline solution is ok. The packaging is TERRIBLE.  When the vial is opened, the hole in the vial doesn’t squirt directly down into the lens consistently, causing a lot of wasted product.  The vials do not stand vertically, so they leak or become contaminated.  I only bought this brand because Scleralfil was backordered.
927. I was ready to throw my shoes in the garbage. This saved them after 2 applications!
928. Nice size! Picks up dus like a pro. Comes with extra refill.
929. Nice lumbar support for my Computer Chair!
930. Cute and good quality for price. Pain in butt to put everything together! Make the poof balls, string the banner etc
931. I do not often eat nutrition bars but when I need to, these are the ones I select.  They are not too sweet, chock full of good little crunchy things and priced well.  I cannot find them in retail stores even tho I shop at "organic" groceries and wonder why they are not more widely available.
932. My 7 year old loves this. It had multiple settings and it helps him brush for a full 2 minutes.
933. I needed a "soupy" toothpaste for my new-fangled ultrasonic toothbrush. This is basically like a mouthwash. All liquid. I like the dispenser. And intend to make a liquid-y toothpaste and put into this dispenser. So basically, I bought an $8 dispenser. It was worth a shot. But I would say save your money.
934. I thought this would pad my golfer's elbow ulnar nerve when I sleep but after a few nights, the pain was worse. Perhaps the padding was too firm. I will keep it for other applications.
935. They are a ok replacement in a pinch
936. I really like the taste of the Nectar brand. This particular flavor was very tasty. I mix mine with fat free milk.
937. These have a great taste but after about 20-30 minutes I have the nasties belches. Can't say if they are working but I am still taking them.
938. Only minus is that the string you hang it by is short. Other than that it lathers up quick and leaves me clean.
939. Not a bad suppliment at all. Helps relieve some aches and pains in my knees. Over all a good suppliment
940. Eeasy to use. Tastes good and works great. Use it daily at work
941. Like this brand a lot and am happy I found it. Going to reorder again and keep taking this .
942. I heard so many great things about adding mushroom supplements to a daily vitamin routine so I gave it a go this brand has been working well and I can tell I'm more focused at work.
943. I did like this and its about 1 dollar a serving which is decent. There are other brands however that you can get a whole container with more then 30 scoops for the same or less money.These are easy to carry with you however if you travel or need to take it with you and dont want to carry a large container
944. Wonderful set for self or as a gift.Smell amazing and so relaxing to soak in hot tub with.Box it came in was wonderful and I have to say I will be ordering these again for gifts for sure.
945. In a used it for 2 days in the bedroom . i Haven't noticed much difference yet. On low it is super quiet and on high it's not loud to me. Filter is 2 into one so that will help filter out pet dander and dust. So far I can say its a nice unit for small areas like a bedroom or bathroom. Or small living room.
946. Great Keto product. Taste is good and adds a good balance to your day
947. Extremely uncomfortable. I’m a bigger woman with broad shoulders. But I’m not that big. This is ridiculously tiny. It cut off circulation to my arms and it pulled the Velcro loose because it ended up in the back. I bought another cheaper one and it fit comfortably with the right size adjustments being available. This is for very skinny or very small people.
948. I do not recall having any nose plugs as a child, but I guess they would have been made out of dinosaur parts if we did.  The kids love them, so that's all that counts.
949. the pump is a little different than the old one i had (which hit the floor and was done).  it still works well, and i like the 3 test average function.  does not interact with the old cuff and tube.
950. Found the same mil-spec kit on the Bay for same price - WITH two Quick clot combat gauze packs.  Dates were still good, too.  Shop around to find what you really need!
951. I bought these magnifying lenses, which fit comfortably on the head and even over conventional glasses, thinking I would use them occasionally for painting details.  But I discovered they are incredibly versatile -- great for any sort of close work.  Need to remove a splinter, trim an ingrown toenail, examine an object for small cracks or defects, check your cat's ears, do some delicate beadwork or sewing, or read that fine print on the medicine bottle?  This will make your life ever so much easier.  I never dreamed how many applications there are in which it is useful to have enhanced vision.  I keep it right by my desk and probably use it several times a day.  Very useful and highly recommended, even if you have good eyesight.  I never realized how much I was missing!
952. Love this brand and their beautiful designsgood pricing. Great quality too. This is my third pair. :)
953. Does the job
954. So easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
955. So easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
956. These detergent packs have a REALLY awful odor when you open the container.  I didn't want them to be "scented" and they aren't but they have an off-putting odor for sure.  They do not make the dishes or the air smell bad, thankfully.  They also work very well and do not leave any residue on the dishes.  4 stars for that smell...bleh
957. Has maltodextrin in it. Why? Don't know. Some people are sensitive to maltodextrin--causes nausea and headaches. So, if they take that out, I would give 5 stars.
958. Instant - poor in hot water, it melts. I add milk and brown sugar. Perfect taste. Better than those other types that have multiple ingredients.
959. Great for the price
960. great product just as described and the same thing as in stores
961. Only bug spray we will use! Keeps the bugs off us in the deep woods.
962. This scale is horribly inaccurate.
963. Perfect size. Leaves residue on hands after handling.
964. I've suffered from migraines for about 11 years. (Technically, I just get the migraine auras plus strong light sensitivity that irritates my eyes.) These glasses do help, although they aren't going to completely fix your problem. According to medical studies, green light is the easiest light on the eyes and brain for people who suffer from migraines. The green tint is soothing, reduces how much bright lights normally irritates my eyes, and helps to prevent getting a migraine. To be clear, I get some migraines when wearing these from time to time, but they still help in reducing light sensitivity and reducing chance of getting a migraine. I also like that it has the green part of the glasses on the side to protect light coming in from your peripheral vision. I wear them daily at work when staring the computer all day.
965. I really like this product. I find the most apparent benefit I get is the added boost in energy. My hair has felt nicer since I starting taking this as well. Greg customer service from their company has been a delight. Would recommend.
966. It's an expensive toothpaste. I was interested because I watched a videoblog of a red-headed american girl in japan saying what they've got that we don't . And one of the things was toothpaste like this. Because it fills in holes. Or something.Anyway, I use it, and I have no holes in my teeth since i started using it, 3 weeks ago.
967. These look so cute in my car!
968. Got this for bathroom to daily sweep up scattered kitty litter which it works great for. Love the way the broom is held to the dust pan and the method to use to clear the broom of debris after use. The only issue is that it will not stand on its own and must be propped against the wall. That works for me - for the price. But, you will want to go more sturdier if you need more sturdiness for heavier use and debris and need to stand on its own.
969. Before you consume this, you might want to know that the dosage recommended by  Dr. Oz on his May 21 show, &#34;Craving Killers to Shut Down Your Appetite,&#34; is 50 mg. twice a day, which is a total of 100 mg. The product is described on this site as 800 mg per capsule, 1600 mg per serving, which would be 16 times more than what Dr. Oz recommends. I'm just relaying what Dr. Oz said. If you want to know more, ask him.
970. Works in a pinch
971. very handy to be on key chain, and it light weight.
972. I have been using A&D for over 60 years. It’s safe, heals cuts and stitches really well. It is thick so stays on all day to keep your skin moist. Great product!
973. I needed these for my favorite slippers since the old insole was worn. It was perfect and I looked for a pad that was not too thick since the shoes may not fit. Great quality.
974. I love this brush - the handle makes it easy to scratch my back with out it twisting around.I wish amazon hadn't placed a sticker on the lovely handle because I can't get the gummy-ness off and it's really a shame and makes the brush much less nice.the bristles are perfect; not too hard.
975. I started using sleep masks after contracting meningitis because light affected my eyes. I bought these as replacement masks and they are amazing. Our bedroom is situated so that when people make a left turn onto our street the headlights come straight in our window. I never realized how much that disturbs your sleep! I've got my husband wearing one now and we both sleep deeper and longer. It's breathable, comfortable, and you don't realize you're even wearing it.
976. This product is just as described. It is well packaged and the instructions are very easy and helpful. You can sit on the toilet and pee on it or just place the pee in a cup. I compared it to my easy at home tests and the results are the same. I will be getting more in the future.Update: I did a comparison with other brands and all were accurate.
977. Cute a great for beginners using crystals
978. Absolutely didn’t help or feel comfortable at all.
979. Works as good as DEET spray
980. Ordered wrong one but still can use it
981. I always use tele doctor and always having hard time to explain ear issues. Now i can able to send pictures and video so my doctor can able to see. This items very helpful. Cleaning the earwax is very easy and safely. I been using myself and for my kids and its easy to set up use and clean. Make sure use alcohol to clean all the tools after each use.
982. Having two kids we have tried few similar items I can say that this one is much gentler on kids than frida.It is easy to use and works fast and easy to clean.
983. Not as effective as other brands. Smells horrible.
984. Order came with missing parts i find out after my friends order from different seller. Hookah should come with cleaning stuff but this one is not. Also glass base is not tight very lose
985. It arrived quickly and we’re very satisfied with the product!
986. Works like a charm on my beret.
987. Held up in wind. Ribbons that came with it too short. Wish they were a bit longer but fishing line worked.
988. Just what I need to keep my medicine organized and not forget to take any.  It has morning noon night and bedtime for each day of the week
989. Perfect. Just what I needed to cut my husband's hair and mine
990. These work fine but I didn't use it.
991. Works like it's supposed to.
992. My husband loves it!
993. This item is absolutely waste of Money, Save your money and instal an actual ceramic coating. It is advertised to repel water - but only clean water, not rain water with dirt, puddle of water on the road, or snow.I purchased total of 4 bottles in the span of 6months hoping that the layer of ceramic will get eventually thicken but on the 5th time I am gonna purchase this I realized that this does not dot make any difference as if you did not applied it.I always have to spray wash my car after it rains other wise all the mud and dirt that came with rain water will stick in your car, and even when you spray wash your car with clean water, if you don't wipe it dry it leaves horrible looking water marks on the car, and if you applied it but you didn't rinse off the dirt caused by rain then your car gets exposed to the sun; it causes all the dirt to stick to your car paint makes it even harder to wash your car.So just an advice from someone who wasted a lot of money and time for this product, just save your money and invest in an installation an actual ceramic coating on your car. Do not waste your money and time with this fake spray stuff that does not do anything, it's all an illusion.Otherwise feel free to try it and agree to everything I said about this product
994. I recommend buying these for your little one. My son is 5 & he loves these mask, they are his favorite. They are really nice material, do not easily wrip and they are actually a nice thick fabric but you can still breathe in them and they do not feel cheap! I would buy again if needed.
995. The small roller handle came apart withing 2 seconds and wouldn't stay put.  The larger roller handle is very thin and will bend when using it.  I was gentle with the rollers, but these are no good.  Returning.
996. I feel like these are ok, but not enough a rch support for flat or pronated feet.
997. Did not purchase from Amazon, but got for Christmas. As soon as I put batteries in and turned it on, the batteries exploded. It seems very dangerous.
998. Fake sweet taste. The stuff gave me a head ache.
999. I think it would be better as a 'clear' product.  The bubbles it makes are a good indication that you're using the Rez Block..
1000. Love this shoe horn.  I'm short with a bad spine.  The reach is totally adjustable.. works great
