1. If you don't really like eating sliced beets, this powder is a good solution to get the nutrients by adding it to a smoothie drink with other items. This product mixes well in a blender. Beets are good for lowering blood pressure and many other benefits.  Healthy alternative to eating beets.
2. Like others, I was disappointed with this cushion and ended up returning it within 24 hrs. Cushy & soft-yet-firm? Check.  But not cool, and it actually hampered blood flow to my legs no matter how I sat on it or positioned myself. Too expensive to be so mediocre.
3. Nice gift with every too needed.
4. Nice natural lavender scent. Does not smell synthetic at all. I have tried a few fragrance options by Kate Naturals. They are all as natural as can be. They smell nice, dont trigger headaches. I love the whiff of fresh smelling lavender (and orange, and peppermint), but they dont linger long, and I have had bottle issues. So far so good on this one, but we'll see. I had to downrate my orange one from 4 to 1 star because the bottle stopped working after a week. I will update here if I experience that with this. I think they make for a very good "before you go" bathroom spray. Also nice for general use, but I find them very effective for that purpose. Also works in a pinch to freshen up clothes, shoe closet, etc.
5. I use this to sit on in the car. It is hard so after a while it starts to hurt.
6. I love these nursing pads although they are kind of too sturdy and strong. I prefer the bamboo pads. They wash well and fit well! They are oversized and I always wore them in a cami without a bra and you couldn't ever tell! They never leaked through my clothes and I leaked a LOT!
7. I tried another product once and it did not work as well. I went back to this and am very satisfied.
8. The highest rated digital all moral for mom at her.
9. was way too big for RV seat, made it look sloppy and uncomfortable
10. After having trouble finding replacement heads during the 2020 season, I am making sure we are fully stocked with replacement heads that will last this entire household an entire year.I like these brushes.  Brushes are soft and gentle on my teeth and gums.Love finding good value packs so was happy to find these.
11. Its good but makes a big mess.
12. Doesn't work as well as it used to.
13. Way better than expected
14. At first I thought this was just weird. Black and unlike other conditioners I've used. It's got a faint charcoal scent. I gave it a shot and it actually works really well to get the gunk off my hair. Whereas most conditioners feel slippery, this one actually feels the opposite. I can't say I prefer that or not, but something to be aware of.  Give it a shot.
15. Very fragrant shower steamers!Long lasting, usually last through two showers.Beautifully wrapped! Perfect to give as a gift or keep for yourself to enjoy.Beware, there's a major spelling error right on the front of the box, they call it a showen steamer not shower.Would have given a 5 if the box contained more at this price point, and the bad labeling.I hope you found this review helpful.
16. I've been using disposable gloves to clean with lysol and other corrosive chemicals in our bathrooms and kitchens. It is a waste to keep throwing them away not to mention they often rip mid-job. These are great- nice and thick, and I love that they are reusable so I don't have to keep throwing away and buying more. I did notice that some grime from my oven seems to have discolored the white one a bit in a way that doesn't just wash off, but I suppose that's to be expected from a white latex glove. Eventually I'll throw that one away after a few more uses, and that's why it is great that there are multiple sets in this pack!
17. Smells great, nice container.
18. My only wish would be an easy-opening two-level lip.
19. Used to rebuild my spine.
20. I purchased this jewelry organizer as a gift for my mom who travels a lot by plane and had been transporting her poor jewelry in plastic bags.  She and I are both happier now that she has this case!My mom is a no-nonsense sort of gal, so I knew that any organizer I tried to get her to use would need to be extremely functional.  This one is!  Only a few steps to get jewelry in or out and everything has traveled safely in it!The size of the organizer is nice too.  A week's worth of jewelry easily fits inside and the whole case is small enough to go safely in a carry-on (my mom and I never puts our jewelry in checked baggage).I think I'll get one for myself too!
21. These work great for cleaning. The thickness is just right and they fit well.The box arrived damaged and isn't particularly durable. This didn't impact the gloves, obviously, but I thought I'd mention it just in case it mattered to anyone.Additionally, when you pull one out of the perforated top, 10 more come out. Not sure if that's normal with boxes of disposable gloves, however.
22. My knee hurts so bad this is only thing that helps really good I buy the 3 pack
23. used on forearms
24. I was kind of skeptical about buying something online that I've never smelled before, but I am SO happy I purchased this.  It smells incredible! It's a nice pretty pink color and made my skin so silky feeling!
25. It pulls really bad! Like it’s been run through  “dulling” machine 😬😖
26. Great for cramps and comfort. Helped reduce cramp levels. And provide warmth all day.
27. I've been using this primarily on the PC, and today I had to use it nearly the entire day. I have to say, they are among the very few comfortable enough for that. The sound quality is spectacular. I had one important phone call where the person on the other end was on a bluetooth headset and the pickup wasn't very good, but I was able to understand him because the headphones were able to block out noise on this side.
28. I just use a fully filled dropper in bottom of my larger piece. Works well! Can't complain :)
29. Very thin plates and very small. Smaller than usual dessert plates. Napkins are also tiny. It did have a nice price point which makes it manageable.
30. Very comfortable
31. With the Covid 19 pandemic, flu season and cold weather, I've been looking for ways to bolster my health.  Zinc is supposed to be just one of the ways to help the immune system and these ImmunoSwift lozenges are an easy way for me to increase my Zinc intake. They dissolve quickly and have a minty taste. It is important to me that these are vegan and sugar free.  I've been taking them when my throat is itchy and I feel a bit under the weather.  I haven't had a sudden burst of health, but I am happy to continue taking them to keep myself at my current healthy level.
32. My 4 grandchildren - ages 5,4 and 2 were always taking my gloves - so I bought them their own.  They wear them the whole time they are here.  I let them help me wash dishes - quite the mess but we have fun!
33. Not buying another bottle. No results from this product.
34. This SUPERSRED 54w USB Red Light Therapy doesn't do anything as far as I can tell. Half the lights do not work. I don't know if that is how it is supposed to be but I doubt it. It does come on, the timer works and the stand is nice. There is instructions for the timer but nothing else.The light comes with a nice stand, it took a little bit to get it to work but it is nice. It also comes with a power cord that has a timer on it. There are 18 places for lights but only half of mine work so I don't know if that is a defect or if that is what it is supposed to do.I will not be recommending this SUPERSRED 54w USB Red Light Therapy to family and friends.
35. Ordered this necklace as a little gift for myself when I had my third child. I sing the Three Little Birds song by Bob Marley to my kiddos all the time so when I stumbled upon this I had to have it, especially for the price. I was expecting gumball machine quality but this far exceeded that!
36. I started stocking up on THM products several months ago so by New Year's day, I would be able to start switching my diet and lifestyle over to THM completely.This sweetener is a perfect blend for a super sweet mix.  It's perfect for all of your baking needs.  This is one of those items I will never let myself run out of.It's also pure, and much better for you than sugar or artificial sweeteners.  There is nothing artificial about this pure product!  I highly recommend it!
37. Arthritis of the shoulder
38. the adjustable velcro is so long that it  always get's cut in the microfiber fabrics and rips everything apart, very cheap quality!
39. I have flat eye lashes, I even have a few that are haywire. I even had eyelid surgery to help but still had the problem of eyelashes blocking my vision. This is by far the best product I have found that actually helps. The more you use it the better it trains them. Would highly recommend this!
40. Bought this for my Mother (93), because it was less expensive than another Collagen powder product she was using.She didn't like how it would not dissolve completely in the 'not steaming hot' coffee they serve at her SNF, so she sent it home with me and has stuck with her original brand.She also showed me how it would leave clumps, when she stirred it into her juices.I can't waste it, so I have been putting it on my two GSDs food, hoping they can get some use out of it.
41. I'm either getting used to sugar substitutes or this product really is outstanding. Great for a post dinner treat (with my brandy).
42. Once you get hooked on Floralife you will want the value bucket.  And here it is.  I have definitely noticed a difference in my flower quality after using this product and I will continue to use it.
43. They work great with dress shoes.
44. He got me to try it. He says my moods are improved. It. DEFINITELY adds marital spice for us both. Try it for that reason if nothing else.Hubby also takes other things from the Isagenix line and has lost weight.The only concern is price.
45. The container is so pretty and the small footprints make them perfect for my desk. However they are not soft at all and while they are three ply those plies don't really stick together. The also have a faint odor. I will use them but they are not the quality they should be for the price.5 stars for the packaging, but a generous 3 stars for the actual blowing your nose experience.
46. This is a peanut-shaped, compact massager that seems made for travel. It includes a car charger, so it's clearly meant for taking on a trip. It is not cordless and has to be plugged in. There are only two buttons on the side - one to turn on and off (and add heat), and another to do forward or reverse.PROS*Small and easy to take with you.*It's designed for your back but I found it more effective for your feet - this is a great foot massager!! If you are a big person, this will be too small for you - it's made for people with relatively narrow backs. However, thanks to its small size, it's easy to place on the floor and have it massage your feet.CONS*The heat function works but takes a while to heat it up. This was not mentioned in the instructions.*The mesh is already fraying a little.*There's no storage bag*The elastic strap is too tight for attaching to a chairOverall pleased with it. I have sore feet so it works for me.
47. I bought these for my daughters first birthday and aesthetically, they fit perfect. None of them were broken, cracked or damaged when I opened the box. Though they looked great and everyone thought they were cute, they didn’t taste good at all. I only subtracted one star for taste because that was not important to me, I solely bought this for decoration. If taste is a huge concern for you than I would say maybe these wouldn’t be your first choice. If you want something that looks cute on desert tables, center pieces, etc. and need animal themed candy these are perfect. I think for the price and the fact you get 12 suckers with 3 different animals, it is a steal and totally worth it .
48. I wasn't familiar with how sandalwood smells, but when I got it apparently I don't like it. If you know you like the smell then you'll probably like this product. Good price quite possibly the lowest priced beard balm on amazon. If you guys could sell an unscented one I would love that.
49. I use these clips when I make paracord lanyards and key chains. They work well with very few moving parts to break like traditional clips you see on dog leashes. The price was right.
50. A delicious way to enjoy chocolate and still stay keto.
51. I was hoping the table cloth wasn’t just a camo boarder but overall it was great for my sons 9th birthday party
52. Hard to read, otherwise, probably as accurate as any home scale.
53. I put it in orange juice because the oil has an orange flavor.  It leaves my mouth feeling oily
54. Works very well, love it
55. I was a little worried about sizing because I'm larger - but it fits great and is really easy to adjust. Definitely helps me not to slouch without being uncomfortable. I've noticed a big improvement in my back pain since I started using it.
56. These are kind of fun.  I’ve bought the pumpkin spice scent before and I love the scent. My husband , however, did nothing but MOAN...The sound made him crazy and he thought the SMELL was beyond awful!  Oh well ... I loved it so I ordered a new one !  Ha haI put it where I could still smell it and thought I could outsmart the boy ... didn’t work.  He hates these things.  He found it and removed the battery, how FUNNY is that!!!!!Anyway, I give up it’s not worth the war! HaTry these ... your husband may react in a more positive manner!!! 🙄
57. I opened the bag and was like "oh geez what have I gotten myself into". Rather than a pretty purple powder its a darkish purple tinted brown, not at all appetizing to look at. Since I'm lazy, I tossed 12 tsp onto my Greek yogurt with some blueberries. Took a bite and was pleasantly surprised. It tastes almost like mild raisins. Slightly sweet but not too much, just enough to take away some of the tartness of the greek yogurt. I like the protein and probiotics found in Greek yogurt but I don't enjoy the tart. I put fruit in, but I really don't want to crank up the sugar and carbs. This stuff added less than 1 carb and 0 grams of sugar, but took the edge off the tart. I will be adding it to my morning yogurt from now on.
58. Fish oil is a supplement where quality matters since a lot of fish oils contain mercury or less than the advertised ingredients. You should look for fish oil that is IFOS-certified and pay extra for that. A LabDoor rating also helps. The source location and supplier of the fish oil are not disclosed.The current cost is $30, or $0.50 per serving. InnovixLabs fish oil, which is IFOS certified and has a high LabDoor score, costs $0.14 for a roughly equivalent serving.
59. I have a so sitting service and always send treats home with the pups
60. Nice set. Love the blue color.
61. I watch lots of skincare videos. I often see gadgets like this one used. It's a much easier way of deep cleaning pores and doing extractions. It uses ultrasound to literally vibrate impurities out of your pores. If you flip the blade over, it can be used to push skincare products more deeply into the skin. The instructions aren't very clear on how to use the blade for different functions, so you may have to watch videos from one of the bigger brands (like Pop Sonic) to learn how to do so. Other than that small gripe, I highly recommend this tool.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
62. This is my first electric toothbrush, and so far I’m very happy with it. I like the way it feels on my teeth, and I like that it has different settings. I am skeptical of the tooth whitening setting, I’ll update in a few weeks on that. It comes in a handy travel case, two heads and with a cord but no plug. I saw you can buy additional heads on amazon. I think the pack had 4 for $10.99. It’s a good starter electric toothbrush if you’re looking to try one out.
63. Love this holster - easily pump lotion onto my hands to continue without breaking touch.  Great product.  I have used only lotion so far and no leakage.
64. Seems like a lit of New hair growth, lots of new 1&#34; pieces.
65. I dont know if I got a bad batch but I did not like these at all. Usually even if I don't completely enjoy something, and I know its healthy, I'll still eat but I dont think I could do it with these. All I taste is some coconut and the sweetener and it's just gross to me. I tried the ginger first and I didnt like it, so I was like ok the chocolate will probably be better.. nope.. both had minimal flavor and that sweetener diet-y aftertaste...I found it slightly odd that the packaging it came in didnt match the picture, and one of the bars wrappers weren't even sealed.The only thing these have going for it is the ingredients and overall quality is good...They are just not for me and my tastebuds and I would never get again.
66. I always hate this.  A bottle should be at least a months amount. This is only 20 days worth - 60 tablets with a 3 per day serving.  They also give me fishy burps after taking them.  And they are horse pills, so hard to swallow for me.Other than that, there is nothing wrong with these.  It is good to take omega 3 oils for your heart.
67. Scrubbed all 3 calcium-ringed toilets clean today. The stone is about 16 eroded after 3 toilets, so for me one stone would clean up to 18 times (or more if I don't wait until the calcium rings are so very crusty).  I kept the stone wet but not under water as I scrubbed.  Very satisfied.
68. I thought the idea of using special detergent for my baby was ridiculous. I had some clothes I had to hand wash and decided to just use the samples of Dreft I got from Amazon in my registry gift box. Immediately I thought, “oh, this smells so good.” And then my husband came downstairs and said, “what’s that baby smell? It smells really good!” I read reviews and it seems the scent changed over the years. While I can’t speak to the old scent, the new one is a light powdery scent. It smells similar to the Johnson & Johnson original baby lotion. I’m excited to wash all my newborn’s clothes in this stuff!
69. I use the larger size at home to get the sleep crust off of my lashes. This one is the perfect size for my toiletry travel kit.
70. The handle broke with the first wash. I was cleaning my tumbler....this was a total waste of money.
71. I bought a new office chair and the seat was terrible!  My son had a Purple at work and suggested the purchase.  It's much better with the cushion, although I wish I'd have purchased the larger one, &#34;The Ultimate Purple Cushion.&#34;On Amazon, the Ultimate is (today) $178 while on the Purple site, it's $129.  This one &#34;Royal&#34; was $79 here as well as on the Purple site when I purchased, however today I notice that the same &#34;Royal&#34; is $111.27 here (offered by Purple).  Very confusing pricing.  You'll want to examine all possible sites prior to making a purchase.
72. The lid of this pill cutter does not tilt back far enough.  After cutting the pill it sticks to the bottom.  It is not very easy to use.  My pill also seemed to stick in the rubber holder.  Returned it.
73. We live in a small town and no where around here sells these. A friend recommended these for my son who is now taking showers by himself. These are great. No need to use a washcloth. We have purchased many over the past year. They last a long time and are tear free for sure!  We will keep buying as long as these are made.
74. Ok I guess. Noisy but works right out of the box. Only one setting and heat is non existent
75. Great product I had hand surgery and sometimes is weak these piece provides nice weight so you will know when it leaves your hand.
76. Excellent packaging.  Great price.  Kiwi loves it!
77. It looks good but it was a pain to put together. I should have read the description I didn’t realize I had to put it together.
78. This white noise machine isn't that great. The sound loops are probably acceptable to most but the actual volume of this unit is low even at the highest settings. It's usb-c at least which is nice but other than that I wouldn't recommend this white noise machine.
79. Reminds you to stand up straight. No miracle but keeps you aware of your posture.
80. nearly see-through junk.took a long time to ship.
81. These were so cute.  I feel I get a good, clean feel after using them on my face at night.  I give 2 thumbs up.
82. After one use my hair was stronger, more manageable, no static, less hair loss, and it smelled wonderful.  I'm a very happy Wen user.  I'd recommend Wen Cleansing Conditioner to everyone.
83. This seemed like a silly purchase but after ruining two pairs of glasses in a week because I set them down and then broke them because I didn't see them, it seemed like I had to do something. Now my glasses only go in one of these. One on my desk and the other near where I'm reading.
84. Great Product, thanks to smiley 360 I got to product test this and it works great, they sent me a full sized product to use and test for them.  I love how smooth my lips feels and how renewing they are.  I can put it on before I put on lipstick and it works great!
85. Got this for my teenager, it seems to work a bit when he will actually wear it.  Honestly can't be more specific than that. I do notice a marked improvement in his posture when he wears it though, so that has to be worth something.
86. Great fit for my aging stove. Better quality than the original.DISCLOSURE:I received this product at the REGULAR price (no special discount). No payment was received to give a rating or to write a review. My ratings are purely based on my perception of how good the quality and features of a product are. I do not consider the usefulness of a product, as a customer would only buy an item which is usefulneeded for them. I am an avid online shopper and realize the importance of reviews from other users. Thus, I take extreme care in offering the most fair review and rating possible.If you found this review helpful, please give a Helpful Vote! If you have any questions about the product's quality, looks, features or anything else, simply make a comment and I will promptly respond. If you need pictures or videos of the product, I will be happy to provide them as well.
87. Reishi was apparently the king of mushrooms at some point, but now is called the queen of mushroom. King or queen, it doesn't really matter. It's awesome. It's an adaptogen that helps with stress and sleep and many other things. Real Mushrooms is an amazing company that delivers the goodies that you should get from the mushroom, unlike most of the other companies (which basically delivers starch to you). So Real Mushrooms is the real deal, and I highly recommend this to people. I use it daily.
88. I switched to natural toothpaste a few years ago and I still like to try different types. I got this one because the ingredients seemed good, and I had never tried this kind before. It does not foam up like most toothpastes which some people may not like. My only concern about this toothpaste is that it contains silica which is ok to use but I also read it could wear down enamel. Because of this I probably wont be using this as my regular toothpaste and may make it a weekly or biweekly thing. Makes my teeth feel clean though!
89. These are some of the best earplugs for sleeping I’ve ever used! Laying much more flat in your ear so you don’t feel the pressure even if you’re sleeping on your side, these are nothing like regular earplugs for day to day use. They are well-made and designed specifically for sleep, and they come in a sturdy cardboard and foam interior box to store them so they don’t get lost or damaged. Excellent! See photo
90. Good value.  The brushes last about 2-3 months each.  Each are individually wrapped.  I will buy these again
91. These brush heads fit my Philips Sonicare just fine and cost a lot less than name brand replacement heads.  I can't find anything to complain about.  They work great and get my teeth nice and clean.
92. Zinc+C+Enchinacea herb = a great boost of immunity!A healthy system is dependent on many things including key ingredients for the body.  Here is what I like about this product...Zinc- helps with cellular metabolism and is required to activate enzymes to support immune functions.C’s — know as L-ascorbic acid, required for the biosynthesis of collagen. Is an antioxidant, and mobilizes other antioxidants in the bodyEnchinacea—also called purple coneflower a very popular herb in the world for treating cold, flu, pain, and inflammationThe hard facts: the human body does Not produce Zinc or C’s.  We do digest this in foods we eat.  However, I’m not always the most healthiest eater.  So, supplements can play a major factor in my body.  In one tablet (hard pill form) I get 889% of C’s, 455% Zinc, and for added protection Enchinacea 600mg.  All of these are in good high dose range.  I’m also sure my body can’t readily absorb all of these amounts,  however taking them I feel as if I will never lack these 3.No side affect from this for me, and I feel it will ward off some common illnesses.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
93. I usually order the Vicks puff tissue but I orders the wron one by accident
94. Regular strong ziplock bags but with the Dallas Cowboys sign on one side.  They're relatively expensive for what you get, but if you're a big NFL Dallas Cowboys fan, you might not mind paying extra.
95. If you live alone or need a gift for someone who does, this is it. It is 2 pieces that snap together to make a sturdy hard plastic tool to use pressure to relieve pain. And it works! Used with very gentle stretching exercises if you can, until mobility is restored.. I love this thing. I am over 400 lbs and it still works on me. More people should know about this. Do Yoga? Exercise? Nurse? You NEED this.. eventually, you will and will be glad you have it. I had constant pain under a shoulder blade. There is a muscle that can go out of place and get stuck. Very painful. With the right researched exercises (and self-diagnosis) this was healed in 2 weeks after MONTHS of suffering. (See your Doctor if you can, I couldn't)
96. The perfect gag gift but I kept it for myself lol. A great conversation piece as well!
97. Thanks better than expected. Color is beautifu, works great and would buy more. Really makes build outs easy. Thanks 🔧
98. I had been on my quest to find a natural deodorant that actually controlled my B.O. for about 3 years, and then I was recommended this from an influencer on IG and it has changed my life!! I will NEVER again purchase anything else. This deodorant held up during the hottest days of the year, my wedding day, and if you need it to, it will last multiple days on! Everybody needs to try this pleeeeease!! Thank you Ethique!
99. Why would this be labeled as a trimmer for MEN?  I like it very much!  It doesn't need to be pink to appeal to me - it just has to work.  Which it does.  Although I would like to see it cut a little closer to the skin - I still managed to get rid of some annoying nose hairs that were making me itch due to the length. This getting older thing...deep sigh.  I would have given five stars but the onoff switch is a little difficult to move to either position with just a thumb.  Maybe it will loosen up with use.
100. This is getting harder and harder to find in local stores, and is better than liquid version hands down, which has a very strong perfume odor. Hopefully the seller continues to carry it, because it's one of the few color safe bleach products on the market, that is both low in odor and liquid free. It removes stains well. It's perfect for my artificial perfume fragrance allergy family. I've used it for years and it's definitely economical, one box can last two-and-a-half to three months; that's doing at least one load of laundry every day. And also works great as a pre-wash stain remover; just moisten the stain sprinkle on a small amount and scrub.
101. I was really hoping to like this, especially because the dimensions were perfect for what I needed. Unfortunately, this item just fell short. It feels and looks cheap in person. And it's not sturdy. I ended up returning mine.
102.  These green tea and chamomile bath salts have a lovely but subtle fragrance. I used this in my foot bath and found it soothing. The only difference to me between this and Epsom salt is that this has a fragrance and typical Epsom salts do not. However, some of today's Epsom salts have fragrances but they are not as good as this.The package says to pour 14 salt into the bath water but it doesn't say if it is 14 of the container or 14 cup. Some reviewers used 14 cup and others 14 of the container. They need to specify this. I used 14 cup. The crystals dissolved after about 10 minutes.The current price of $15.99 is pricey for this but then again it is almost like a spa-like experience.
103. I have limited mobility in my ankles and can't squat or push down on my ankles. These wedges help give a little extra lift in the back to help drive.
104. Our lovely deer really love this salt lick and the children love to watch the deer come by our garden to have a nibble or lick on them:~)
105. This is a superior form of Coq10. It is absorbed better than other formulations. This supplement is useful for many cellular functions, so it's a good idea to add it to your diet.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
106. Overall like a lit. Would like it to be bit larger but is accurately portrayed. Seems like should hold up well.
107. Nice big containers
108. This toothpaste worked well, leaving my mouth feeling clean, and not too dry (I tend to have dry mouth). The flavor is very mild, so for those who have trouble with “spicier” mint flavors, this shouldn’t be a problem; on the other hand, it also means that you’re not going to have the mintiest freshest breath in the world. Make of that what you will. As for the materials used in the container, it says they are ocean safe and recyclable. Bonus: made in the USA. Good toothpaste!
109. I love the softness of Puffs vs plain old tissues.  Much kinder on the nose, especially if you have allergies or from coming in from the cold.  It is cold here in Maine.  One thing I noticed that I was very happy about was that not one of my boxes were crushed or coming apart.  I was concerned about that.  I would have just glued or taped the box, but it should never come that way.  Shipping is hard on these kinds of things, but the box their in should not crush like and elephant sat on it.  My boxes were totally perfect.  I'm glad because I have them as a subscribe and save.  So I will be watching for crushed boxes, but I don't think I will have any problems and if I do, how often would that be when you buy in bulk.  So I will assess the situation as it comes.  For now, I highly recommend these tissues.
110. I paid a hefty price for, what I believed, was a "better" bath brush and it being made in Germany sealed the deal but after a couple of weeks I could see the tacks used to secure the hand strap to the head of the brush were beginning to RUST.  You'd think that a brush costing this much $$$ would use STAINLESS STEEL tacks but NO.  So now I'll need to remove the hand strap and the rusty tacks to avoid further staining.  I wonder how long it will take for the Olive Wood to split in half.  And NOWHERE on this brush is it labeled a Redecker brush so it could have been made ANYWHERE, like China or Vietnam.  Overall???  A complete rip.  Save your $$$ and buy a cheap plastic brush.  Frankly, I'm sick of being ripped off by manufacturers who think we're all uneducated fools.  Really P'd off!!!
111. Great, exactly what I was looking for
112. Great, soft brush! My skin is very sensitive, I can't use abrasive soaps and brushes. This brush is just perfect, and it creates a really nice lather, too! I haven't had it long, but it seems to be sturdy and hopefully it will be long lasting.
113. It really tastes very good. And being a sugar free does it for me.A bit expensive, but staying healthy is expensive.Will buy again.
114. These Metatarsal Pads by RelaxTony are very thin. For me, they didn’t provide any significant padding.I found it impossible to put on socks when I had the pads on. The pads rolled up before I could even get a sock halfway on my foot.So I thought I’d try wearing the pads barefoot, for times when I’m cleaning the house and could use even a little bit of cushioning. But the pads are made from the sort of rubbery material that picks up *everything.*Lastly, the pads are flimsy. The section that holds them around the toes thins out when the pads are on; I can tell it won’t last long. One step the wrong way, or pulling too hard trying to put on socks and the plastic will rip.
115. This tooth powder makes my teeth sparkle like nothing else.  Very good at removing everyday stains.
116. &#34;This worked wonderfully, love the lavender scent as it is not overpowering!&#34;  Will remain on my must have list
117. loved it till the infuser stopped working
118. This is what exactly I was looking. I started taking a little bit (approximately 400mg) by mixing with honey. I can eat this way, but my wife can not because of it;s bitter taste. so, bought some empty veggie capsules from Amazon and filled with this extract.I'll update if i notice any significant health benefits after using couple of months. As of now, I can give 5 stars for this product's quality.
119. I've got a problem with  colostrum. It may be perfectly good for human consumption, but the soul that is supposed to consume it is the baby goat. I'm kind of sorry I selected this product for review because after reading up on it I don't think it's very ethically sourced. And it's pricey too. I'm finding it hard to believe that a $59.00 bottle of colostrum capsules will give any more health benefits than many other less expensive supplements.
120. It was smaller than expect it but overall good container to storage rice, beans etc
121. Sometime I remember to write on a notepad to do something around the home or at work so that I don't forget, but never bothered to put a notepad on my nightstand. After seeing this cute little pad on Amazon.com, I ordered one for myself. The device has a cool feature that lights up when the pen is removed and lights off when pen is replaced. It has nice comfortable design and you can hold it pretty well while writing it. I have been using this for the last four weeks and I really love it. It is useful and reasonably priced. I have rated four-stars for its design and features.
122. Great quality bags. Look just like picture. The handles come unattached but are easy to attach.
123. My son wanted something that would put pressure on his cranium.He has ASD and having someone squeeze his noggin helps alleviate anxiety when he is on overload. Has been that way since he was a little kid. We scoured Amazon and this looked like it might do the trick.It doesn't. HOWEVER -It's really cool. It comes with an adapter, but it will run on 3 AAA batteries (not included). It is somewhat adjustable and does put some gentle pressure on your skull. The massage speed is very adjustable, and it is super relaxing. It made my neck feel great and made my headache go away. My kid likes it, too - he's keeping it. Even though it wasn't exactly what he was looking for, it does help with his anxiety. Go figure.
124. what I like about the product:- contains folate and inositol- non-gmo  and no added fillersingredients- easy to take- good health benefits (great for female health)- 30 day supplywhat would make this product better:- if this product was organic :)
125.  This eye massager is amazing. It has an adjustable strap that allows you to adjust it to any size head. It is a perfect remedy for both tension headaches and migraines and eye discomfort. It massages and heats to give you a relaxing massage. This is well worth the money paid for it and makes a great idea for a gift. Great value
126. So hi end cute
127. I purchased this bag for the White Elephant Christmas exchange for coworkers. This bag is ADORABLE, sturdy and well made. Make sure you pay attention to the dimensions of the bag before purchasing, as this bag is a little small. Luckily it was just the right size for the gift I'm using. You will not be disappointed! Love it!
128. This is a nicely compact nebulizer. The main unit is narrow and has a carry handle at the top. The noise level when operating is not bad. While it is not the quietest I've used by any means, the sound level is not grating either. That's especially welcome when using it with children.The main con for me are the attachments. They appear to be decently made but, when looking through the manual for tips on cleaning them, the manufacturer states that they are for single use only, and are designed to be disposed of after each use. Not only does that create a lot of unnecessary waste compared with units that have attachments that can be sterilized and reused, it also makes this unnecessarily costly to use.While the unit itself is not bad  the lack of sterilizablere-usable attachments puts my overall score at 2 stars. There are far better options available that don't create the waste and unnecessary cost that this unit does.
129. This is a great gummy to use to help prevent colds.  They also help with shorting the duration of a cold and reducing the symptoms.  I have used Vitamin C and Zinc for years and I get very few colds and the ones I get are minor and don't last for very long.  These are easy to chew up and taste good.  No side effect issues.  Really good to take daily during cold season to hopefully avoid the cold completely.
130. I love this product. Works well for my cloth diapered baby. I have had no repelling issues with this diaper cream. It is a yellow color with little white &#34;shea pearls&#34; in it. It's NOT a barrier cream and it treats redness and rashes successfully. I did a lot of research when I chose cloth diapers and this is my #1 choice for diaper rash!
131. As owners of a new puppy, we were looking for an effective pet stain cleaner and odor deterrent.  This product does both.  We have very light beige wool carpet, and so far, using this product, you would not know there is a pupoy in the house!  Good product.  Up date....I cannot say enough about this product.  It exceeds all expectations!  We &#34;missed&#34; a couple of &#34;accidents&#34; only to discover them after they had dried and set.  This product eliminated the stains and the carpet smells fresh.  Just follow the directions, and it should work for you too.
132. A cup of coffee is much cheaper.
133. It is extremely soothing. From bites to poison rashes. I remember this being in my parents bath cabinet when I was growing up but I had never used it. I have no idea what they used it for but now it is my favorite awill be a staple in my house.
134. Good quality balloons and banner. The balloons are helium quality so they will stay up for several hours with helium.
135. This was received at a great time, when greatly needed. I took the recommended 3-pill dose, and will see what happens, if anything.Day One - took 3 pills. Nothing.Day Two - took 4 pills.No results.Day Three, Day Four, Day Five.Nothing.So, have to conclude that these don't work for me. Your results may vary.
136. This is perfect for anyone looking to organize their daily and nightly medications. Well worth buying.
137. Update 21921- so the green one is good. We found the orange one in a sheet in the closet. It had only been used a few times. My husband forgets to look good when we wash sheets. I found the orange one and for some reason it's dried out. The green one isn't dried and I've used it a lot. I'll stick to ordering the ones from Walmart. My husband said that's how it looked the day he took it out of washer and dryer. The pic I took doesn't really do justice but it's dark, cracked and dried. Feels like a dog biscuit in my hand. I've used the green one more and it's still green, sticky and works well.Old review-These really work at getting the hair off. Only thing I can say is that it is hard to collect the hair off of it before you want to throw them into a new load of dirty clothes because it's so tackysticky. Wet it and pull off the hair or get a hair roller to collect any debris off them while dry. It also will stick to the wall of washinging machine or dryer. I'm not sure if they really get a chance to tumble through the clothes before it clings on to the walls of machine. No instructions came with or the usual packaging. The ones I have been using can be put in washer and dryer. So far I can do the same with these.
138. Hardly any suction. Don’t bother purchasing. You’re better off with a manual pump.
139. They're a little big, but because it is a capsules it's still easy to take. The daily dose is 2 capsules to equal 350 mg. These are made in the USA that means a lot to me. Magnesium is very important to me I take it every day. When you take omeprazole you have to supplement with magnesium which gets depleted by it.
140. If you have a Sprouts nearby, go there, it’s $5.99 for a 12oz jar!
141. I always use tele doctor and always having hard time to explain ear issues. Now i can able to send pictures and video so my doctor can able to see. This items very helpful. Cleaning the earwax is very easy and safely. I been using myself and for my kids and its easy to set up use and clean. Make sure use alcohol to clean all the tools after each use.
142. Bought this as a gift for my daughter. The low star rating is due to the fact the black sponges ...one 1 came with the set and two are shown in the pictures. Not sure how long only one will last and then the main sponge will not be useful anymore.
143. Game was just okay. Some of the things (like putting your cell phone down your partners pants) were tasteless. Other things were alright, but I can't say I'd recommend this for anyone who has been in a long relationship. Mine is going on 7 years. I can see how it may be a decent bedroom icebreaker for newer relationships possibly. The game was in great condition and arrived on time.
144. Sounded TOO good to be true and it is! NOT very compatible with my Oral B toothbrush as each refill lasts maximum six uses before just stopping! Electric toothbrush is on but replacement head stops! Down to last brush head, NOT GOOD!
145. The spouts are different than the ones i. The photo.It is mildly disappointing.
146. I like this mask. While a gaiter is my favorite, there are times when gaiters are not appropriate or it is too hot to use them.  My biggest complaint about masks, besides my glasses fogging, are feeling like the straps are going to pull my ears off.  Then the third most annoying thing is where do you put them when they are not on.  I used my center console in my car for a while, but that just means 80% of the time I was walking back to my car when I remembered that I needed a mask. I thought about my pocket, but don’t really want to breathe through pocket litter residue.  It wasn’t until I saw a football game and the coaching staff had masks with a “croakie” for lack of a better term.  Because I do have a large head, I bought the XL’s.The way this mask works is that the neck and ear pieces are connected.  The mask and keeper can be pulled over any head or hair style without a lot of fuss.  Then when you are ready to put the mask on you grab the keeper and get some slack which goes behind the ears, tug the keeper til it’s tight and mask is in place.In all this mask, has the tapered cut at the nose and plenty of coverage.  If there is one flaw it is that it never seems tight enough.  It doesn’t fall off or anything, but it feels like it might.  While this is slightly annoying, have the mask hanging around your neck, always ready to use makes up for the fit.  If you wear glasses, there is enough fabric that you can bring it up over your nose and then let your glasses sit on the fabric.  This does two things- eliminates fogging and helps you feel like the mask is snug.If you have a large head, can’t keep up with or forget your mask, then I highly recommend this style of mask.  I have not tried others like this, so the 4 may be unfair.  I just think the construction could be improved upon slightly and make the perfect mask - if there is such a thing.
147. I'll sum this up quickly. If it sounds too good to be true then it usually is! I saw almost no out of the norm gains after introducing these pills into my workout regimen. I recommend sticking to whey protein and a healthy diet, don't waste your money on this junk.
148. I actually use the 'leg thing' on my bicep when I have my infusion set attached to the back of my arm. I really like it as I'm able to coil my line and place it in the pouch with the pump.
149. Easy to use and makes my solid surface counter tops look great
150. I ordered the pleated light blue mask known as design 1056. The cloth is very comfortable and once I wrestle with the cord and get everything situated, it does provide full coverage of my face with the cloth extending far back under my chin but I have to make sure I guide the elastics behind my ear. If I do not do this, the mask will not stay on. It is also a very large mask. I do not like the behind the head adjustable cord because it keeps tangling in my hair and also keeps coming loose. As long as the mask does not move, coverage is complete and the material is soft and breathable. I also like how I can pull the mask down and it just hangs around my neck until I need it again. The big negative is the cinch cord and the constant adjustment. The cord also gets crooked and is not always even and I have to keep picking it out of my hair.The current price of $6.99 would be expensive but competitive if this worked well. In its current design, I hate it.
151. Love this product! Impossible to find in stores.
152. They stretch and don’t come apart
153. Very satisfied with this purchase. For the price it's a great value and cheaper then the party stores I think. Only a handful were broken and out of 250 items I tho k that's good. Didn't know it had so many tattoos though and is mostly the slappy sticky toys
154. Got these for my granddaughter.  She is breastfed but I understand the importance of a good gut biome, especially at an early age.  My daughter was having issues with yeast overgrowth with my granddaughter.  Their doctor recommended good probiotics.  Bio Gaia is a REALLY good one too.There are some great studies that show a more robust gut biome in naturally birthed & breastfed babies, but even that can wane with all the toxins, anti bacterial products we use, and prolific use of antibiotics.  I, personally, understand this.  I am a 70s child, the product of a C-section and was formula fed.  You can say, babies grow up just the same, but they don't. You can never get back or recreate all those bacterial species passed from momma to baby.  I had a number of "auto-immunes" at an early age & they continued with me until my 40s (plus some additional ones) ... it wasn't until I took things like grains and sugars out and started correcting my gut biome that I really reversed and "cured" lifelong ailments.Anyway ... my point is .... if circumstance has led you to C-section or formula feed, because stuff happens, life is not perfect or fair, consider really trying to build babies gut biome back up.  You may not notice it now, but they will thank you decades from now.
155. I and my hubby love this double head electric massager!  We owned a single head one years ago and loved it, so when I saw this one, I figured hey, twice the massage in less time. We've used it a few times now and no issues thus far. Wish the cord was a bit longer when we are trying to stretch it across the bed. Length is fine for a chair massage.
156. This is a great idea for which its time has not yet come.I love the concept of letting the device do my vacuuming. I love that it is small. I love that it is relatively quiet. And I love that I can manage it from my phone.But...It doesn't vacuum well. It struggles to redock. The electric fence didn't work.Keep at Hoover, but you aren't there yet. For now, it is just a semi-functional conversation piece.Anthony Trendlanthonytrendl.com
157. Gift for grandma! She loved it!
158. This was super fussy and difficult to implement. It's not much more expensive to have your doctor run this panel for you at less cost if your insurance will cover it, and those are much more accurate. Drawing enough blood from your fingers for this is so challenging, and I do glucose tests regularly, so I'm used to finger pokes. But enough to fill 8 dots on the chart took a lot of time and blood. The results are not even close to the one I had done by my doctor very recently, and I'm eating the same way.
159. It works....it's expensive ...but I'd buy again.
160. Great for your glasses TV cell phone and many other things when wanting to be sure there’s no oily residue on items
161. I'm hoping that this works. I'm more comfortable holding the phone and tablet and put one on my loved one's phone also. I don't have as much noise in my ears so I think it works.thinking about getting more.
162. Wasn't what I thought it was, had a hokey way to attach to the tool.
163. These are nice sturdy straws, and I liked that they came in a variety of sizes (the openings).  I do wish they had some that were shorter in length, as my youngest son, who has autism, has been going through a straw &#34;phase,&#34; and 9 inches is too long for the cups he uses.  Otherwise though, these are great so far (we have been using them for a couple of weeks).
164. Good alternative to sealvac short term freezer storage.
165. Tastes like soap.  New formula is way inferior to the old ones.  Also, 'best by' date was less than a month from purchase.
166. This remedy comes in an easy dose tube just turn upside down turn the top the pellets drop down. Good for my restless legs with cramping. Good value for the money.
167. These are as advertised and do a great job. They do grip better than usual holders. DO NOT wash with linty towels or you will get linted holders--I'm still not really happy with Mr. for that one!
168. I wish it had actually the complete leaves, these are broken down and not recognizable as mint leaves. So it makes me doubt that this is 100% mint. For a 100% mint product I would also expect a stronger taste.
169. DO NOT BUY. I purchased two packs and  received old products, the Tums were supposed to be chewy; however, they were dried out and hard. They are definitely not a chewy delight. Also, they are way over priced.
170. A good assortment of tags at a very fair price. The tags are designed differently from what I'm used to--I am used to a page of stickers, but these are thick paper (cardstock-ish?) with a foil square that pops off, and they just stick to the gift with a small adhesive square instead of the full back being sticky like a sticker tag. That caused they to be a little more likely to come off in my transport of gifts, but not anything earth-shattering. The artwork is pretty though, festive and works well with Christmas paper. I was satisfied with my purchase.
171. I like the product. For myself I would recommend it for smaller floors. The rinse feature is nice. The con, in my opinion is that it isn't a large enough container to do a big area without going for clean water. My whole house is tile. But for smaller areas it works well.
172. If you are considering this to take orally for hair growth--I'd reconsider.According to the Progressive Health website, it is a diuretic, and like other diuretics flushes potassium out of your body, and can cause dehydration.  Potassium is required for normal heart function and people on long term diuretics for high blood pressure have to have the electrolytes (minerals) in their blood monitored regularly; they often require potassium supplementation.  Imbalance of electrolytes is a serious side effect.&#34;Horsetail supplements should not be used for prolonged periods. This is because it is an irritant which can have adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract and also because it inhibits the absorption of Vitamin B1.  To prevent Vitamin B1 deficiency, it is advised that people using horsetail should also take multivitamins or Vitamin B complex supplements.&#34;  Progressive Health article on horsetail for hair loss.You can read about more side effects, but for me, I'm trying to hydrate--not dehydrate. I'm trying to get vitamins in my body, not get rid of them.Silica in horsetail is reputed to be the agent that helps against hair loss.  Diatomaceous earth is 85% silica and contains trace minerals (lacking in our modern food supply).  And it is much cheaper and has added health benefits (kills parasites).I wish I had read this before purchase.  I like Bulk Supplements Co. and I use their products, but for my use--this is not worth the side effects.
173. Was a relief  but had to do more to get well.
174. Bought these for a photography safari to Botswana.  It's very important to drop my sunglasses off my face quickly to get an action shot.  I think these Holdies will do the job for both my husband and me.  We don't want to losebreak our glasses while getting that once-in-a-lifetime shot.  I like the streamlined look of the Holdies.  Leaving in a week for the month long trip.  Thanks for sending them in a very timely manner.
175. Works very well and much cheaper than alternative
176. Seems to work but causes body odor
177. The bristles are not too stiff and provide a good scrubbing especially for your feet.  I would have given these a 5 star rating if the handles were a few inches longer.  They may be just perfect for anyone less than 5' 5&#34; in height.
178. This product is smaller then want I was expecting. Cool little device that can pump out powders with ease. Does make a lot of dust in the air when using
179. My box says "showen steamers." So that sort of negates these being gift quality IMO. There are 3 mentholeucalyptus and 3 lavender. They are individually wrapped and the set includes a tiny plastic device to cut through the wrappers and a tiny purple bag to place the steamer inside while in the shower. The bag is more the sort you use for gifting jewelry. I recently tried some other steamers and the mesh bag was far more appropriate for the product.The steamers themselves are nice. The colours themselves give the impression of gentleness. I could smell them through the box. I placed a steamer in my (other) mesh bag and placed the steamer at the edge of the shower water. There was a pleasant release of steamer scents during the shower. Easy to clean up. At the current listed price, these are on the pricey side.
180. Cuts my entire head of hair to 1.2 mm.
181. will definitely order again. Hibiscus helps lower blood pressure, and it's delicious!
182. These balloons looked very nice. It really looked great. It seemed professional and not like a DIY. It wasn’t too hard to do. My kids love balloons so they thought this was nice. The special balloons are neat.This party kit was very nice. It is so nice to get all of these coordinating items. There is so much to it. It really looks good together. It is also a good value to get everything together instead of going to the party store and needing to buy everything individually. It is easier, more convenient and cheaper.We were pleased with the quality. It didn’t take too long to set up. Everything went up okay. My kids liked it. I thought it was very cute and very festive. I would recommend it.
183. With 8 adhesive pads and two channels, and any number of operating modes, this unit does it all, and does it well. I love that I can run different programs on different parts of my body. I love how much better I feel after a treatment.  This TENS unit is wonderful. I'm tossing all the rest of mine.
184. Bob's red mill chia seeds are great! I love these for a morning keto 'cereal' or as a dessert pudding. The company is known for high-quality ingredients, and these are on par. The spoon set is uselsss. They're really hard to turn for use, and they don't come apart, so you have to wash all of them, even if you didn't use them.
185. Item arrived with a crack on wood handle that only got worse with one use.  Now the tool is useless because the handle is broken.  Contacted them and they are simply impossible to work with so after four messages I gave up. Would NOT recommend.
186. Great for the price
187. Great product, would buy it again.
188. Works for me. The smell is not overwhelming so I can deal with it. The actual product works great on tired aching muscles. I feel so much better after I use this. It's a little better than what you buy at the stores so it works for me. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
189. I purchased these to help massage oils onto my dry scalp. I felt like my finger tips alone was not doing the trick. I feel like this helps massage the oils onto my scalp. I also use it when using my tea tree shampoo.
190. I have the original tush cush which looked a little big for my car seat so I thought I would give this compact one a try.  This one does indeed look better in the seat but it is smaller, and taller than the original.  I am not a big guy but this cushion is too small and thus provides less support.  As a result it is less comfortable than the original.  So after giving it a try,  I am returning it and am back to using the original.
191. Hard to reach the tightening straps
192. I just love my Berger lamp and I also like the scent of Ocean Breeze fragrance .  It's not too strong or sweet-just right for me.
193. I bought this light to grow basil, I hope I’m successful. The LEDs are brighter than I imagined they would be, and the build quality is very good. The goosenecks stay put when you place them, unlike cheaper ones, and the clamp is more powerful than I had hoped. Also the design of the controls is nice and feels solid, I was surprised that they are backlit. I am happy with this light, hope it lasts!
194. Exactly as described and great service
195. Fresh, not overly perfumed scent.  This worked very well on our recent trip.  Will definitely restock for the next one and keep as a staple when traveling.  Only wish I could find refills for the nice container, rather than buying the whole thing again.
196. Nice and sturdy, prefect accent to a flower garden
197. For the price point, it's better than I expected.  Fits great, sturdy enough for the price I paid, and doesn't feel "cheap" to me.  I'm happy and would not hesitate to buy this for others.
198. Actually this little piece of plastic for which I paid $19.99 worked and the sound from the back of the iPad was redirected to the front.  However, the basic design was flawed and the item would not stay attached.  I do not have a case for my iPad, so that was not the problem.  The device slid on easily and had the magnet been larger, or stronger, and the arms a bit longer, it might have worked.  The minute you leaned the iPad against your legs, or on a table, or any surface, the little piece of plastic fell off.  I am returning it.  Too bad, the thought was good; the design was not.
199. Bought this in a deal. It’s lightweight and many sound options. Volume doesn’t go as loud as I would like for the kids. Feels very cheap and won’t last long.
200. I like that I can use these bottles and they wrap up with the safety catch, like a brand new bottle of whatever.
201. The amount of carbs is way too high, the taste is less than pleasant.  Some may like them, they are not what I hoped for I guess:(
202. &#34;NOTE&#34; due to no fault of my own, Amazon is featuring a photo above similar but a different recliner model other then the one that I actually purchased. The actual recliner that I purchased was by Best Massage MODEL# BM-EC161 Style 1, pictured below in this review.Take it from a husband and wife who sometimes experience real painful Charlie Horses, Stiff Joints, Back Spasms, Swollen Legs & Feet, aches all over... this recliner is beyond our biggest imaginations!!  It doesn't &#34;CURE&#34; our ailments, but it definitely adds much needed comfort and relief..FAST!!Amazon Sharp Review Critics. I'am just sharing my real life personal  experiences with this Full Body Massager without exaggeration, and except NO responsibility, nor make any suggestion that I'am a qualified Upholstery Technician, or Quality Control Expert. I'am merely a Average JOE..My Disclosure is to please contact your Medical Professional(s) if you feel this Massager may be to intense for your Health Issues..But for my wife and I, this is really &#34;AWESOME&#34;...your experience may Vary...Rheumatism's, fatigues bye-bye. Erases away our soreness's, fatigue quietly with several differentremote settings. Knocking, Kneading, Rolling,  Vibration, even warmth of Shiatsu. It completely MELTS away our stresses  almost immediately upon flicking the remote.. QuietExtremely Invigorating rollers from shoulders, back, and Butt..!!I've moan a thousand moans already!!!*Large pressurized leather*Long rolling track reaches neck area, shoulders, upper & lower back, Buttocks and thighs..I've hollered out loud because it's that good!You can go from Light to Extreme, or you can personally preprogram the settings to rotate back and forth between settings.*Strong Pressure Cups envelops and squeezes lower arms, entire lower leg calves & entire foot area with stimulated rolling massager pressure on bottoms of my feet... AH'hhh'hh*Remote has Heat that can radiate from entire back, buttocks and thighs. The heat is tolerable NOT extreme!!*Recliner reclines &#34;Quickly and Quietly&#34; from a vertical position, to a relaxing horizontally position with LED remote.*Affordable Price!! YESI'am a senor but getting up from it, my wife and I  we both feel like two twenty year old freshman college students seconds after using Full Body Zero Gravity Shiatsu Massager Recliner model # BM-EC 161 by &#34;Best Massage&#34;.. it arrived 1132016 and as of today October 17, 2018 it's still going Strong...it serves Our Purposes very well, so your may again vary depending on your particular alignments and your personal comforts..5 Stars ***** for chair appearance, sturdiness, price & it's therapeutic quality...**************************** Therapeutic Friendly...😊YES!!
203. The kids bathroom always had a horrible mold smell , and this machine eliminated the bad smell ! Amazing product!!
204.  This is a nice set.  each little ball comes individually wrapped which makes it much safer to use and handle.I got them for my garage.  Trying to make sure any rodent stays out.  Also got the ultrasonic rodent repellent which works nicely in conjunction
205. I had so many supplies left from my last surgery I needed a place to have them all in one place. It is filled so I’m glad it was empty.
206. The superior fit of these masks allows for more protection than the standard pleated procedure masks, especially if you are in an area where others are not doing their part. The material feels a bit thicker, providing more filtration, while still being fairly breathable; the black looks better for professional environments than the white or blue, in my opinion. individually wrapped for better portability and protection from pathogens. See pics!
207. I just got them. Did a lot of comparisons before purchasing. From what I’ve researched, women ‘like me over 60’ need collagen supplement.
208. Great love it's the perfect height.  Light weight but sturdy
209. Great product, takes a bit of using to get it tuned in and train yourself to take full advantage of it.
210. One word: Hot! But it does subside. If you ever had a yoni steam it’s kinda like that. After the initial burn it’s really refreshing.
211. I absolutely love,love,love this high quality oil! I put it in my diffuser and the house smelled great! I love the fact it is certified organic,so I know my kids are not inhaling nasty chemicals or GMO's! I received this for a discount in exchange for an honest review. After I review this I am going to see what other scents they have available! I have tried a lot of oils and this is the best I have ever tried! I would give it 10 stars if I could! I highly recommend and I would definetly buy again!
212. This is about a month's supply of LIPH. It is very expensive, but comes highly recommended to prevent or help heal cancer by helping kill microbes inside cancer cells, which some research indicates can cause cancer cells to revert to normal cells. There is also evidence it can help cure MRSA, which antibiotics increasingly cannot cure.LIPH is highly concentrated and this 2 ounces are diluted in 1 gallon of purified water. The result is very bitter in taste but bearable.
213. 3 months in and it bricked.  Was good while it lasted, but it didn't last.  Avoid.
214. Its working great I see a difference in my skin and feel a difference in my joints thanks a lot
215. I like that these masks don't press against my mouth making it hard to breathe.  The material is nice and soft.  Very comfortable against my face.The elastic has the cord adjusters on them.  Makes it nice to loosen or tighten the elastic as needed to fit my face as it should.The elastic is comfortable against the back of my ears.  Not irritating at all.If I need to wear a mask, I like wearing these.
216. Skin feels very soft, the vibration is very relaxing!
217. Really effective and gentle.  Two of us take these every day... and have been &#34;happy&#34; for the past 10 years on this product.  Dr. Christopher is a good line.
218.  I debated giving this 3 stars because of its big flaw.  I have another derma-needling  device (made in Czechoslovakia) that has the pen attached to the motor via a cord that fully retracts the needles. That one I am comfortable with doing the swiping motions. I do like that this one goes to 2.5 depth. My other goes to 1.75mm depth only. I got this one because it was on vine and all of these devices are expensive. My other device that I paid full price for now has a 2.5 needle depth but that one is $200.00.Derma-needling is really great for collagen induction and I long ago gave up the derma rollers. Those hurt a lot more and typically take longer than a really good dermapen. This pen might take longer than my older device though because I don’t feel comfortable sliding it over my skin.Let’s start with the pros:Rechargeable batteryCordless or wires operationLightEasy to holdI actually like the twist for depth needle depth selectionMultiple speedsIf you use it as a stamp you might be able to get away with less or no serum for the “slip”. Can just put serum on afterwards.Cons:The big one: needles don’t fully retract so better to use this as a stamp turning it on and off again.It also seemed like it wasn’t a full up and down motion each time (you know, like a jack hammer) but more of a vibrate up and down a little and then up and down a bit more. See my slowed down video with needles set at 2.5mm and speed 1.
219. This is a great product To keep the mask off your face. It has helped keep my acne at bay since the fabric stays off my chin. It also helps by preventing the mask from messing up my lipstick. It is comfortable and makes it easier to breathe in the mask by keeping fabric from my face. The pieces that go behind your head to prevent the earloops from hurting is also good but its a bit tricky to put on. You have to put the mask on your head first and then apply the piece. It fits well with the multiple parts for adjusting it to a great fit.
220. Great Scale
221. I wore these one time and the second time I went to put them on my finger ripped right through the material and there is now a huge hole in the thigh.
222. UPDATE : 41619 I ended up sending both bottles back for a refund. I honestly think this is just a hype or maybe the quality of this one isn’t the greatest? I didn’t notice any difference in healing the cuts on my hands. Everyone spoke about this like it’s “magic in a bottle” my experience wasn’t like others. Maybe everyone’s body reacts to this stuff differently? A lot of “ maybe’s”I also tried this in a DIY hyaluronic acidserum. Let’s just say it looked DISGUSTING! I’ve been making this serum for a very long time and I have never had another product I added in, make it look like this. If you can imagine what it looked like ladies...... let’s just say it didn’t mix well no matter what I did, it left yucky red specs all over my face, it just looked nasty in the jar and eye dropper.Either way, I wasn’t a fan.I might try a different brand or form of it in the future. I’ll have to continue with my research. To each of their own. You may need to try it, maybe you’ll have a better outcome then I did. It’s not that expensive, around $10 a bottle.****************************************************Besides My bottles being squished really bad when delivered, I’m still not sure about this product or dragon blood in general. This is the first time I’ve ever bought it. I’m not sure what the hype is about it either. It Makes me wonder if the reviews are fake?Although Ill admit, I haven’t been using it long. About a week or so. I’m going to continue to use the first bottle and see what the results are after using it longer. I had bought two but won’t open the 2nd one just yet.I bought it for two reasons, healing cuts, eczema on my hands and wrinkles under my eyes. (I’m 35 so the wrinkles aren’t that bad)The day I received it in the mail, my cat scratched me wicked bad on my Hand. ( he fights me when I give his medicine sometimes)I put this stuff on my scratches for the last 5 days, I honestly don’t see any difference in the healing process. Everyone claims it heals wounds, cuts and scratches fast. Well mine aren’t healed yet or any differently if I had not used it. I made sure to put it on at night so it will stay on throughout the nights. It stayed on too and wouldn’t come off until I washed my hands with water. It came off better with soap.I’m not doubting this Is fake. It’s definitely the consistency that it should be. I researched it a lot before buying it. It’s very bright red and will STAIN anything that it touches. So be careful. Once you start to rub it in, it turns a white color but still stains your skin red.I put this on my face under my eyes different ways. First I tried it alone. The next few nights I added it to my retinol serum, then I tried it mixed with my face lotion. I know it’s only been a week and facial products do take time to work but I haven’t noticed any difference in the appearance of wrinkles or skin texture.  I’ll continue to put it on for 4-6 weeks since that’s how long it usually takes for that stuff to work. I think I’ll go back to just using the dragons blood only. This way I’ll know if it’s that, that’s working and not my serums and lotions. I also make my own DIY serums and lotions, I wasn’t able to find any recipes online with dragons blood in the ingredients. Maybe I’ll play around with it...I’ve swapped out my prescription ointment for the eczema on my hands, and put the dragons blood on it and just that. again, at night so it’s on all night. Once I stopped my regular regiment, my hands got bad immediately. Blisters started forming and the dryness came back. Because I don’t want to risk it getting bad again since it’s a pain to clear up, I’m no longer going to continue to use it for that. I’m going back to the ointment.This doesn’t have much of a scent. It’s very light. And same for the taste. I only put a drop on my tongue.I don’t know about consuming it. Although I don’t have a reason to.I want to mentioned that there’s really isn’t too much on the internet about dragons blood. I mean I found some stuff but not all that much. There’s some stuff on YouTube but it’s mostly silly stuff about “ potions and spells” nonsense lolI’ll come back to update my review once I’m done with the first bottle, maybe the second if I decide to keep it and use it. I might try the resin instead. The one that comes in a rock form. Maybe I’ll have different effects with that?
223. Very comfortable earplugs. Would work well at noisy sporting events or concerts.
224. Update: my package finally arrived, thank goodness. I'm having no problems peeling off layers, they actually peel extremely & almost TOO easy. Feels sticky. Removes hair. Works for me.
225. Wifes meds and she loves price and convenience. Looking forward to many more useful buys. Thank youfor ease of ordering.
226. i like the ingredients and so far i like the product
227. This is an edited review that includes my most recent experiences with these really very good insoles.  My rating  remains the same.  It would be 5 stars with increased forefoot cushioning.1.  First a note about sizing.I wear size 10 extra wide sneakers.  I purchased a pair L - Women's 11-12.5 | Men's 10-11.5.  These were too long and too wide.  I cut them down to size.  In cutting them down to size, I had to assure that I cut them down to be no bigger than other insoles that I knew fit well in my shoes.2.  FunctionThe RooRuns insoles are functioning better than all other brands of arch support insoles I have used and continue to use. Every other insole I've used, besides RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles, has the apex of the arch support hitting the forward part of my heal bone.  I've seen an image from an insole manufacturer indicating that that is by design.  I believe I would be much more comfortable if the apex were about a quarter inch further forward.  And, that's where the cut-down-to-size RooRuns insoles have the arch apex!I also bought a two pairs of  size M - Women's 9-10.5 | Men's 8-9.5.  These fit my shoes without need for cutting for size.  The arch apex of the size M insoles are significantly more forward of all the non-RooRuns insoles , but just short of the position of the RooRuns size L insoles.  I've done three 4+ mile runs and several long walks with RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles, with the size M and the size L insoles, and my feet felt much much more comfortable than when I've used insoles from other manufacturers.  And, so have my knees.  The size L insoles are slightly more comfortable than the size M insoles.All the RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles could use more cushioning for the forefoot.  Thus, my rating is below 5 stars.
228. These crumble faster and don't hold water as they used to. Will be looking for another brand.
229. The pad is perfect for the pain in my hips when I sit.Thank you
230. These were recommended by my podiatrist, and I purchased three pair from Amazon. They have really helped my foot problems.
231. I was so bummed by this.I received the order yesterday and my two year old's birthday is tomorrow morning.So I just took it out to decorate so he could see it in the morning when he wakes up and sooooo disappointed to see that the "Y" is missing in Happy.It came pre strung with traffic lights on both sides but Y Missing in "Happy".Messed up the birthday decorations for me.
232. I love the curls
233. really works!
234. As a sun cream it worked well. As a mosquito repellant not so much.
235. The materials that were used for this one is not a good quality.  The foams tends to crumble.Not easy to use either.
236. I hate to admit it, but I do snore. I have tried every method possible to stop, even buying a very expensive pillow to move my head up and down. It worked, but eventually made sleep uncomfortable for me. My husband used the cone shaped foam ear plugs, but we often found them in the bed in the morning and not in his ears. These are perfect!. The are easy to insert and do a great job of blocking unwanted noise. Best of all, they are still in his ears in the morning. Wish we had found these sooner!
237. I have a friend that asks me to order it for her, she swears by it. She uses it for her shower, with her hair getting in the drain it doesn’t want to drain. Said she had tried everything, but this product is the only thing that works!!!
238. This cleaner is junk and dissolves into a gel- like mess in the tank.  It doesn't seem like it does anything but cost money and does nothing.  Am throwing away the rest and would never buy again.
239. These socks worked great for my father in law.  He had swelling in his legs and these helped relieve that really fast.
240. The photos in the description look a little confusing, as you may think you're getting a red and blue hot water bottle. Actually you get only one - the red part is the inside of the bottle, while the cover is blue and decorated with stars.The rubber bottle is thick and feels solid and durable. My hot water stayed hot for hours. It's great for soothing an aching bottom or bad back. It didn't leak and it kept sleeping contentedly for hours. Overall it's a nice piece, I just wish the photos showed just one bottle and a cross section, as that would have been less deceptive.
241. My husband said he does have more energy, drinks this daily every morning.
242. Product used for dryness of eyes.
243. This is a much firmer roller than the foam ones I've used before but I love it for that reason. I use this for exercise and stretching and find that it rolls great along a yoga mat even on a carpeted floor.  The logo on the end is cute but it's also only branded on that 1 end which I find really tasteful. Looks great with my foam yoga blocks () in the living room tucked under the chair too; if I have something that is beautiful, functional and available I am more likely to use it!If you want or need a foam roller that is soft, has a lot of give or that feels like a back massage, then this is not gonna be your jam but for helping to intentionally release muscle tension for a deeper stretch this is my go to!
244. Perfect aroma !!!
245. .... but they fit well in a car cup holder, and since I"m only using these in the car, I don't care that it's a couple of notches above fine sandpaper.  Worth it to have something handy, and not have a full-sized box flying around the car.
246. The straps in front are too wide. They irritate and rub against my upper arm.  Making it impossible to wear in comfort.  Also came with a warning to wear for just a few hours.  Who wants to undress at work ?
247. I've had the scale for a few weeks now it's not over a month and I love it. I make my husband get on it I make my daughter get on it and I get on it like 3 times a day. LOL! I really like how it goes down to the ounces I think because then I can see even small fluctuations in my weight not that I'm moving a lot and a timer anyway LOL I would definitely recommend this product and it does come with the batteries inside
248. Fit the old water Pic.
249. 100% comparable to the name brand in quality, and a good value! It’s Vaseline!
250. Happy to have gotten it! Had the numbers I was looking for in Beta-Ecdysterone in the product serving
251. Too bulky, too heavy, too awkward for a normal  usage, and too expensive.
252. This product is more potent for use than Epsom salts (magnesium sulfate).  These flakes are magnesium chloride and do a better job of relaxing muscles (or at least the effect lasts longer).  This product is also natural and unprocessed.
253. Ive had this hookah for 7 months now and it is perfect. I honestly did not expect such a nice product for what I payed for it. In my town I would have spent about $40 more for the same thing. I love this and definitely recommend it!!!
254. the plastic ones were sticky on feet bc I used them with sandals maybe they would be fine with shoes with socks
255. Highly recommended and researched this is the best prenatal we could find at the time
256. It's working so far :-) I purchased one a while ago ( I think about 5 months ago ) and plug it in not far from litter box . It works , maybe not whisper quiet ( I can hear it working , not too loud but identifiable :-) , so I bought second one for my bathroom .
257. It took a little getting used to but I really like this makeup sponge. Easy to clean and didn't absorb any product like a brush or regular sponge does. Blending is a little tricky though.
258. hard to mouse, write and if tight will cut off circulation.  It does stabilize your thumb but does get warm, I am looking for a lighter and less bulky model
259. This worked really well for my winter boots. I wanted to clean them up before I tucked them away for the winter. I followed the instructions and let the inside of the shoes dry after application and they look and smell great. I ended up cleaning more shoes than I planned to clean because it worked so well. Definitely worth trying!
260. Great taste! Thanks.
261. This heating pad only puts out heat along the center columns of rock: about 1" wide x 10.5" long column of rock with a 0.75" space between the columns of rock. There's a 2.5" border around the edges of the pad which doesn't heat and isn't highly flexible. It works ok on your back but can't be used on the tummy unless you're lying flat on your back. The area that gets warm is 15" x 10.5". It works alright in the sense that you plug the pad in, select the temperature and timer length, and it heats up. However, I had the pad on my lap, a pillow on top, and my Kindle on top of that (several inches above the back of the pad). I noticed that the battery power on the Kindle dropped 10% in just a few minutes (which is really, really fast) and I had to reboot the Kindle to fix the battery drain. It seems like the pad messed with my Kindle's battery which makes me wonder what it's doing to me. Natural jade sounds good, but they're using electricity to heat the stones to being with.
262. Only fit my kids’ masks with thin straps. But helpful for school where masks are mandatory but taken off for eating and PE.
263. I work in an office that has very loud air handlers. These ear plugs are very comfortable for extended use and do allow you to have conversations while quieting the background noise. They do however make it hard to tell how loud you are talking and I generally take them out to talk to someone. Overall very satisfied.
264. The mask was an odd composition and smelled chemically, like old tires. I thought I was getting 3 masks. I got 1.
265. What can I say that hasn’t already been said about a box of tissues? Well, the value for this pack of 10 cubes is amazing. Great for stocking up.When I’m sick and my nose is redder than Rudolph’s, I really do notice a difference between Puffs and other tissues. Puffs are much softer against a sore nose.I always thought the lotion was a gimmick until I tried a generic tissue and a Puffs. Yeah, there was a big difference, and you can bet I’ll be keeping a closet full of Puffs.
266. Love these! We use these and the silicone &#34;chewy&#34; straws and have stopped buying disposable straws.
267. Which means if you are a back sleeper, you will wake up with a horrible headache.
268. This supplement has a pleasant, sweet taste. I took the recommended dosage but had no noticeable results. It claims to be fast acting, combating anxiety and aiding with relaxation. I have never used kava products, and Sadly this didn’t work for me :(
269. Cute packaging with overstuffed mesh bags and very fine mesh material causing spills everywhere.
270. The suction power on this blackhead remover is really good. It's very easy to use. It comes with four different attachments that are easy to put on and take off that attack different skin issues. It has enough suction power to remove blackheads on the first try but gentle enough not to cause pain. It's rechargeable and the battery life is great.  I've charged it once In almost a month and it's still going strong. This is a great skin care tool and is a great value for the money I paid.
271. Seems easy to use.  red light therapy was recommended to me by a friend because I have back pain.  Trying this out to see how it worksThe design seems simple and I think it’s simple to operate.  Time will tell how fast the pain is reduced but I’m willing to give it a shot and seeOverall I think it’s nice and pretty easy to use
272. This was a waste of money.  I found it ineffective.  If you want to drink a bunch of caffeine and not feel anymore alert than this is for you but I won’t spend my money on it again.
273. Really absorbs liquid quickly and controls odor if used in a commode.
274. These are good if you need noise to sleep.PROSNatural air soundEasy Peasy to useCan adjust type of noise a bit and 2 settings on air speed, hence loudness.Small enough to travel wellCONSThey do wear out every couple of years.  Some more than others.  They develops a whining noise that I've not been able to stop with oil since it doesn't seem to be a part I can fix.Not as loud as other units that are digital with volume control.Somewhat overpriced I think for what it has.  It's a glorified fan.In the end, after using these for 10 years, my wife bought a &#34;LectroFan&#34; and likes it better for it's variety, volume control, it's louder by far (like 3x if you want) and is about the same travel size.  It's also digital, so probably won't wear out and whine as fast as a &#34;fan&#34; which is real mechanically driven.
275. Was great until it broke which was only after using a handful of times.
276. I needed these to recycle shedded paper. Not a bad deal and the bags are well sealed and packaged to prevent tears and spills.
277. at the time of this writing it's 50 bucks more here than if you were to order it directly from biobrite, but it's a good product.  I've had it for a couple of months now and it sure beats having to stay still in front of a light for 30 minutes.  I just don't always have the time to do that.  This is great because it allows you to get your SAD light dosage while doing chores around the house or getting ready in the morning.  I wish there was a battery indicator, but you have to guess when to charge it.  The built in timer choices are 15, 30, and 45 minutes, so you don't have to look at the clock to see when you're done.  You can choose the light intensity from 1-5 which is really helpful.  Often first thing in the morning my eyes can't take anything brighter than the 2 setting, but after 5 minutes I can turn it to the 4 setting and be comfortable. You can also adjust the angle of the lighting. The visor is hard and sturdy, but it is super comfortable because it has a plushy band in the parts where it makes contact with your head. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone who suffers from seizures because when the battery needs charging the light starts flickering intensely like a strobe light.  Someone prone to seizures may not be able to turn the light off in time if this happens.
278. So, I got a bit of an education with this product, which is always nice. I was approached to do a product review for these guys. I was intrigued because I actually grow mushrooms myself as a hobby and had considered growing reishi at one point for the fabulous health benefits, but it's a bit difficult to cultivate.Quality: 55So, let me get this out of the way first. I had a bit of an issue with one of the claims in the product description and brought it to the company's rep for answers. They have an image that reported that their extract is made from actual mushroom fruiting bodies (the part of the above ground part of the mushroom that we traditionally think of AS a mushroom is actually the fruit or aka fruity body) while other brands sometimes use ground up mycelium (the body of the mushroom, not the fruit)....As someone who does this as a hobby I was immediately concerned about this. Surely this could not be true. To sell ground mycelium as a mushroom product, ESPECIALLY for medicinal purposes, is COMPLETELY unethical and misleading IMO. It's tantamount to selling a jar of apple wood sawdust and calling it apple sauce because it came from the same plant. The vast majority of the beneficial compounds in almost all mushrooms is found in the fruiting bodies.I thought surely this must be misleading advertising on the part of REAL Mushrooms... So, i went several rounds back and forth with their wonderful customer relations team and then I went and did my own research. What do you know... This happens a LOT.  Even one of my favorite and trusted brands apparently does this with one of their key ingredients. They're basically selling metaphorical sawdust. I was appalled.In contrast I got in-depth about the extraction process that REAL Mushrooms uses with their suppliers. They use both a hot water and alcohol extraction to get both the water and alcohol soluble compounds out of the mushroom mass and then put it through a process to convert that extract to powder. That is exactly how I would want it done. you get all of the potency concentrated down into a manageable package. They also don't bind their extract to a carrier or filler such as starch, which is even better. That raises the medicinal value and potency you get from this extract exponentially graham for graham.Value: 55This is a small package that seems expensive for the weight, but you're getting a tremendous about of value. If I were to guess I would imagine that 1 tsp of this stuff is equivalent to several pounds of actual mushroom fruit as far as the active chemical components. The company might have a more accurate conversion as this is just a guess based on their process as described to me. Wild reishi goes for between $10 and $50 per pound so you do the math. :)Taste: 55Ok, so there's no getting around it. Reishi is bitter. It's got a complex earthy bouquet but it's also mildly bitter. The aroma reminds me a bit of beef bouillon cubes but more floral. The bitter notes are not overpowering at all IMO. Overall the flavor is very rich and earthy. That bitter note is one of the ways to tell it's authentic because the actual mushroom itself is bitter because of those same beneficial chemical compounds. Because this is super concentrated it's got the same properties...However, I honestly found the taste great, especially when mixed with my coffee. It added a deep rich earthy note to my coffee and the bitter notes just sort of disappeared into the coffee. I think it pairs very well with coffee even if you were just adding it JUST for the flavor. It was down right yummy.The powder doesn't readily dissolve in water because they also use an alcohol extraction to get all of the goodness out of the fruit so I recommend mixing about a tsp with a little coffee first, mixing vigorously and then pouring that into your mugcup. It just seems to work out better. I have not tried it in teas or smoothies yet, but I imagine the flavor would likely almost completely disappear in a fruit smoothie and if paired with a nice earthy tea it would probably go nicely.About Reishi Mushrooms:For those that aren't aware, Reishi mushrooms have been used for literally thousands of years in chinese and japanese herbal medicine. They're revered for their &#34;life prolonging&#34; properties. Recent scientific testing has identified the active compounds primarily as triferpenes (ganoderic acids) which are mild antihistamines (improves allergy tolerances), improve oxygen utilization and liver function. Especially when taken regularly Reishi has been shown to enhance immune function and blood circulation, help with anxiety, high blood pressure, hepatitis symptoms and even insomnia and asthma. Recent research has also pointed toward Rishi being effective at at dealing with tumor growth.**I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest and unbiased review. This opinion is 100% based on my own experience and research with this product
279. These break all the time.  Not worth the money.  Going to buy Stixx now.
280. Notice whitening after three days.  The powder shows the places that you miss when brushing.  Great idea!
281. I like the original formula. What else can I say?  Why mess with a good thing?
282. I had a facial brush before but I have to admit that this new upgraded one is like a spa day in a box. It is a super 6 in 1 cleansing kit for your body. It has alot of different brush heads and a detachable handle for reaching all the parts while cleaning your body.The facial brush is really neat and very handy it is great for removing those annoying and ugly bumps, pimples, black and whiteheads which is great. I love the make-up sponge to help remove my make up without hurting my face or being harsh and abrasive. It really feels good to use and works really well. It comes with this neat little rolling massager to make me look young and pretty. To help rid me of those little wrinkles that i say i dont have making me look and feel like i just went to a spa. my favorite I must say is the large body brush to help me scrub a dub dub all of my tired parts and make me feel nice and clean.This is great for so many things and I love how easy it is to use. The directions are easy to follow and it even comes with the batteries you need to use it right out of the box.Its great to have and to use. It makes me feel and look great. This is a wonderful brush to get for yourself and to give as a gift. I am so happy with my purchase of this product I am a very happy lady.I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
283. North American Rescue sells top quality products. If you go on their website this bag sells for $100. The reason these are so cheap is that the military is eliminating the ACU and changing to Multi-cam... for a civilian it really does not matter.
284. No notable scent though.  Kinda hard to get the saran-wrapped pieces off.  Does what it's suppose to do.
285. This is a very cheap version of an electric toothbrush. Got what I paid for.
286. Really wanted to love this and I did until I realized it wasn’t holding air. It constantly slowly deflated so I had to return.
287. Great for child's Birthday
288. This is pretty good stuff.  I enjoy the mix up flavors in the bag, I dislike all the peanut casings on the bottom of the bag when you get to the end.
289. I have very sensitive skin and I often blow my nose. I did a bit too much it and my nose got infected the other day.It was the first time of my life that type of itchy and burning sensation in my nose and I was very upset about it. I was trying not to touch my nose but did not heal at all in few days, I decided to try some treatment and found this product. I felt so much better already, right after I apply it first time. I'm so glad I used it!!!
290. Super Nice!EasyFastWow! Lotsa Compliments!!!!
291. Triphala powder is a combination of 3 powerful Ayurvedic herbs - Amla, Bibhitaki and Haritake.  Triphala has several uses which have been studied.  It is an anti-inflammatory, anti-carcinogen and a anti-microbial.  It has shown promise in mice studies to reduce belly fat and it is a natural laxative.  It also has shown to be be very helpful in reducing plaque and gum disease.  A mouthwash made of this can help with periodontal disease.  This particular Triphala powder seems to be high quality and is organic.
292. These are my favorite pill containers for the bathroom. I have about 3 pills I take at night. Also perfect for fitting in my bag I take on trips. Love the bright colors!
293. My old tens unit had just basic settings and intensities.  Plus all pads had to be the same setting.This tens unit is so different and so much better.  First of all it's so much lighter.  Easier to carry around so you can have it working even when I'm driving or working.I can also use 8 pads at one time if I need to.  I may hurt at times but the most pads I need are 4 to cover my sore areas.I'm still learning what all the pictures on the device actually mean.  The best way to learn is by just trying them all out to see what mode is best for you for a certain area and what intensity works the best.My first encounter with a stims unit or called tens unit is at a chiropractors office.  I would feel so good after going through a session.After that I had to have one and purchased my first tens unit about 15 yrs ago.  Haven't been without one since.These are so good with helping with my tension headaches.  I place the pads on my upper backshoulder blade area.  It really helps loosen the muscles and relieving my headaches.They're also great with lower back pain.  Pads placed on the lower back on each side of my spine and within about 90 mins I am feeling so much better.Driving also makes my back hurt.  I can have the pads on and running while I'm driving which really helps me sit for longer periods so I can drive longer distances.For any muscle ache on any part of your body, minus the chest area, and the relief is priceless.If you've never tried a tens unit, you really should try one out and see how good it feels after using one.I like this unit.  Comes with more pads than other units.
294. good for  finger nails but wont cuts toe  nail cutting opening to slim  handles a lot shorter than  shown
295. Love this product, works just as described.
296. Photography is my very favorite hobby. The tutorials are an excellent way to begin training for a new software interest.
297. These bags are beautiful and perfect for thank you gifts or for my small shop. Such a beautiful touch for anyone that buys from me. These are very well made, thick paper, and can hold a good amount of weight. Very happy with these.
298. Turmeric Curcumin with Black Pepper Extract- 1300mg Serving - 95% Curcuminoids - JointSupport and Inflammation Response –Organic Ingredients - 90 Vegetarian Capsulesby B’Leaf NatureSometimes, it’s difficult to know if turmeric curcumin is actually working. However, with these, Iimmediately knew that they were working because of what I was not feeling, which was stiffnessand joint pain. The recommended dosage is two capsules, which I love because many otherturmeric supplements require three or more. There is no strange aftertaste or staining of myfingers either. But, the thing I love most about these supplements is the price. It’s around $10.00a bottle, and that is amazing, because they do work well. I will continue to buy these as long asthey’re available through Amazon at this price. Five stars
299. Guardian Technologies GG10002PK GermGuardian Pluggable UV-C Sanitizer and DeodorizerWe used to travel a lot for my husband’s work, we carried 2 of these with us at all times to help combat any remaining smells in hotel rooms as well as it worked amazing when we would cook something strong in rooms that had non opening windows.  We now are in a home, and I can tell which rooms I have these in.  I need to get more and have them in more rooms!  We have two in our bedroom; just because our dog spends so much time in there we wanted the extra effort.  We can make fried fish for dinner and you can smell it in the rooms that do not have the filters in them.  By the time we go to bed, there is not a single trace of it in the air.  And our bedroom is just a very short hall off of the kitchen!  Excellent product!
300. Unfortunately, this product was hard as a rock, not high enough for me, and much too small to be helpful. It was returned.
301. I'm allergic to the preservative in most contact solutions.  My eye doctor told me to start using this literally 15 years ago, and I've never looked back. Contacts are always clean, with no stinging.  MAKE SURE you always let this solution neutralize before putting your contact lenses in your eyes again - following the instructions is VERY important if you don't want a chemical burn.My only complaint is the lid is specifically designed to waste as much product as possible - it will keep squirting long after you've stopped squeezing.  This can actually be incredibly dangerous since the solution cannot come in contact with your eyes.  Really wish the manufacturer would address this.  I spray myself in the face accidentally all the time...luckily after I've put my glasses on.
302. This works great for when you're in a pinch and need to quickly shave without getting a shower. I've used to quite a few times on my legs already. It works well and gives a pretty close shave. I feel like it is a little bit "pinchy" but not enough to actually bother me and maybe that's just user error. I love that it's re-chargable and you don't have to replace any batteries.
303. Fit very well for my electric scooter 🛴
304. This is an interesting product - the instructions make it seem complicated because you're supposed to rinse your mouth out with the toothpaste foam first, before adding it to a toothbrush and then brushing. I'm not sure why you need to put it in your mouth twice - there is no explanation for this other than it helps use up the foam faster, which means you'll have to buy a new one before long.I just ignore this step and spray the foam directly onto the brush and then brush. It has a pleasant taste. It did whiten my tea-stained teeth a little.Now, there is no fluoride in this toothpaste, so it doesn't take care of gingivitis or plaque. All it has is baking soda. As a result, I will use this as a supplement to my usual Colgate Total. Overall it's a good product but I can't use it by itself because of the lack of fluoride, which prevents cavities.
305. It's very cushioning; however, it's very slippery, it made my heels slip out with every step I take.
306. Removes stains better than Oxyclean.
307. The gauze is high quality fluff. It is comparable to the product used in the hospital. Works well for protecting a sensitive incision site. The tape is useless. As a paper tape, it is expected that it have a lower stickiness. This has virtually none. Most comparable to really cheap imitation washi tape. The tape did not stay on longer than 20 minutes. The part which did adhere, tore the skin when removed. Threw the tape away; but continue to use the fluff. Intend to order another package for the fluff but will dispose of the tape.
308. It's pretty big but otherwise fits well.  You need a filter with it but I had some big ones that fit better than what was included.
309. Plus: plastic smell dissipates quickly;  hand pump fills chambers within 2 minutes, adjustable Velcro straps secure neck openingMinus: does not seem to provide vertical traction without impacting blood supply- at the point I felt the stretch, my head was pounding...Also the unit leaks air even with valve closed.May be useful for sleeping whole upright, while travelling??I would not buy again.
310. If you are not sure when you ovulate and are trying to conceive, these tests are great to use. They are simple to use, the set contains a good amount of test (7), and easy to read. We are trying for a boy so knowing when I ovulate will make the odds a little higher!
311. Great for scrubbing and feels soft to the touch! I'm not worried about bacteria growing even with it sitting in the shower all the time! Much better than a regular wash cloth.
312. Used for when we go shooting practice. Good price for its use.
313. Soft.. yes.  A bit of a scam or just visually deceiving.  This is toilet paper not on a roll just rolled up. I could not believe that I spent my hard earned money 10.99 on 6 tiny baby rolls that it's more like a luxury gag gift.  First if I put this in my bathroom it would look like I have extra money to spend which I don't. Not sure of what the seller is doing especially during this pandemic other than trying to get the most money from other humans. Very very dissatisfied.
314. When I ordered these and got them at first I saw hazelnut and thought YUK!  But when I ate them they were decent!  Being gluten free nothing is "delicious" but we deal.  So I ordered again and got bars that were stale!  I think I will try something else.
315. This product came highly recommended. I keep it in the fridge but still has a strong fish taste. I prefer capsules in the freezer which are easy to swallow and don't give off the strong fish taste. Next time I will order the capsules and not the liquid.
316. I love bath bombs as long as they dissolve completely and have fresh scents. These fit the bill! Both the Euphoria and the Citrus are great for  relaxing and getting your mojo back after a long week. I like Friday night baths, instead of showers, to invigorate me for the weekend, and these have fresh natural oils and scents, not chemical or overly sweet fragrances nd perfumes. There is no grit at the bottom of the tub that you are sitting in as they dissolve completely (again, a big issue for me) so the company gets props for an amazing product. Also good for gift giving as they are packaged in a nice box.I received these bath bombs at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I really do love this set!
317. Works for my brush and super soft.
318. I used these to hang tissues balls decorations from the ceiling.  We did have a couple decorations fall down, but most stayed up.  They were on an acoustic type of ceiling panel.  They weren't able to hold lighted Chinese lanterns very well from this ceiling though.  We ended up not using the lanterns because these dots couldn't hold them.  The good thing about these glue dots though is that they cause no damage to the wall or ceiling that you use them on, but they do have a limit to what they can hold.
319. Love this eyelash curler ! It’s so easy to use !
320. We just moved to a condo next to a construction site, and this is a must for helping our baby nap during the day.
321. Quality is above what I expected. Price is great!
322. Wonderful product at a great price.  I've been on prescription sleep aids for years and this product combined with Liftmode's 5-htp, and over-the-counter Ateril has allowed me to fall asleep naturally for the first time in years.  I love the purity of the product,(and the little measuring spoon that comes with it).  Will definitely be buying more.  Thank you so much.
323. Bamboo makes the best toothpicks.  These are great.  They're sharp and stay firm when moist.  Economically priced, too.
324. Love krill oil and this brand is great!
325. My big butt is happy I bought this, your will be too. I noticed a difference the first time I used it. I work from home at the computer. Intensively at the computer. I already have an ergonomic expensive office chair that is rated for 8+ hours a day. This really made a fantastic addition. It is expensive but it is well worth it. I plan to buy another for my car.
326. After cleansing, spray some of this in the palm of your hand and spread on your face, neck and décolletage. After it has dried, you are ready to put on your moisturizing creams, lotions and serums. This is a good product and you will like it.
327. got it yesterday and worked less then 30 sec. started shorting in first try. returning today.
328. I had this type of arch support in mind that would fit the shape of your foot's arch vs. some arbitrary shape--this is it!  The best I've had after over a year at trying several different options.  Now if they could incorporate this shape in a complete foot bed....
329. Has maltodextrin in it. Why? Don't know. Some people are sensitive to maltodextrin--causes nausea and headaches. So, if they take that out, I would give 5 stars.
330. I love this brush.  My roommate bought a different one that was less expensive and didn't leave your hair as nice.  From root to tip my hair really looks nice.  I have curly hair and blow my hair straight.  I use the brush for maintenance at the root or when I wake up and the bottom of my hair is a little curly again.  I definitely recommend.
331. Have bought this probiotic at pharmacies over the counter lot cheaper at AmazonSo instead just going out for a probiotic we will buy  at the comfort of our home
332. My beautiful wife swears by Olay products. The Olay Derma Pods are outstanding. She tried other products from other companies but swears Olay is the finest. Words of hype? Absolutely not!!! My wife is 57+ years old and everyone she meets thinks she is no older than 35. Bravo Olay!!!
333. There were a ton of the things in the picture that were missing. One of the light strings was severed in two places so it wouldn’t be possible to turn it on. And honestly the quality wasn’t good at all.
334. These are great wipes for toddlers. We got them when our toddler started potty training and I was looking for soft and flushable wipes. These work great. We haven't had any issues with rashes, they are soft and fragrance-free. Love that we can get a box of them through subscribe & save. We never run out.
335. These were very easy to fill and look great hang among the other balloon decor. The black color really helped the numbers stick out, so I'm glad I went with this set. They've stayed filled for a couple days now when they're working out fantastically Our son was very happy and said they were his favorite part of all the decorations.
336. Doesn't work as well as all the other reviewers stated.  It took a long time to heat up to 450 and it doesn't really make my hair as smooth. Perhaps I should have bought a more expensive brand.
337. I like this brush for cleaning the inside of my decanter.  I can bend the tip to reach the top inside, as well as the bottom inside.  The best thing is this brush is dishwasher safe.
338. It leaked all over but the product is great.
339. They were perfect. Great for party favors.
340. Fits well and keeps me from losing my glasses all the time.
341. I like the quality and LOVED the price!
342. This is so bright and cheery and made well !  Even came with ribbon to tie onto our ramp!
343. These sponges and steel wool aren't any better quality than a brand you'd be able to find in store for a fraction of the price. Steel wool isn't bad, but the sponges definitely won't last long. They're the very light and soft type of sponges that fall apart easily if you do a lot of hand washing.
344. I use this daily with good to excellent results. Unlike others I have used, this one can be added and polished and blends very well with previous works.
345. Meh. Who knows if these really do anything or not. There's no way to tell. My problem is with the fact that cranberry is way down in the middle of the ingredients and thus there's not much of it. I'll pass.
346. Outstanding! Comfortable, affordable, fast delivery. Order included a carrying case and cleaning cloth.I would give them 10 ☆s if possible!
347. Research has indicated that this supplement is helpful for arthritis as it helps maintain the health of cartilage. It has also been used for asthma, allergies, sports injuries, inflammatory bowel disease, and long-term low back pain. I personally use it for arthritis in my hands, but because it is so expensive, I add it to a base of hand lotion. This way it is absorbed directly into the area of the body where it is needed most without having to go through the digestive tract and the liver. I find it works very well that way, and it is massively less expensive.
348. Everyone needs to buy this!! It feels fantastic! Like a massage at home. Totally recommend!!! Also came with a little wood comb.
349. This product does not fit a drive walker. It was a total waste of time and money.If you have a drive brand walker do not bother to buy this tray!!
350. as expected
351. I have lymphedema in my legs and this is a cooling, tingly lotion for my skin.  I have to wear heavy compression stockings and a night garment so this makes my legs feel so good.  It keeps my skin nice and soft which anyone that has lymphedema knows is a must to keep it in check.
352. I’ve had infections (8) for more than 2 yrs. In worst case sinusitis. All but one left now in and it’s in my lungs. As I’ve been taking this, my symptoms are helped for certain and it’s immediate. I just put two dropper fulls in water & drink it. Three times a day. Try it, it works.
353. I bought this Nutmed when I was on my trip last February. The guide recommended it for my back pain. I wish I could purchase this by the gallon!!!!!!!! My pain is not controlled with any medicines or other topicals. If I had realized how amazing this product truly is, I would have bought more than one bottle! I recommend this to anyone who suffers pain. Also works on my arthritis pain in my hands. Awesome job NUTMED!!!!!!!!!
354. Love this. It’s awesome not to have the heating pad fall off all the time and the cover is very plush and comfortable.
355. Love this product, helps with diet, and energy level
356. Cuts great. Nice and big scissors.
357. I tend to go through back brushes pretty quickly, and I decided to look into a back scrubber like this.I had originally gotten it for my mom as I had gotten another set.She didn’t enjoy it as much as I did and prefers a brush or a chain sponge.For me? I liked it. The bristle side I use more often to scrubwash my back after shampooing and conditioning my hair.I have a pink one like this and they both work the same – and given my size, it is really easy to use.It also seems long lasting. So, I’m fairly happy with it!
358. The addition of lidocaine is much appreciated! It turns the horribly sensitive skin into slightly calmer and more hydrated skin. If you make the mistake of getting burned (and seriously, avoid it with suntan lotion, because sunburn is dangerous and increases your likelihood of cancer), this stuff helps protect and heal with aloe, cool and distract with menthol, and block some of the pain with lidocaine. Very nice!
359. Foot Relief is the best I have ever found for dry, cracked heels. Soothing and healing for my sore feet makes walking 4-5 miles a day so much more pleasant.
360. This is a very useful container for Baking Soda. I use it for cleaning my stove top and sink.
361. My lower back was super tight, no idea that it was my hips that was effecting me, purchased this to help me Stretch.I feel so much better.
362. I  am the most skeptical person and ordered this on the spur of the moment, desperate to find a good multi along with minerals, etc. After a week, I  could feel the difference in my body. My focus is much higher and I  am exercising again. Sleep is way better. Changes are happening day by day. It's been two weeks and this is the good stuff. Buy it.
363. It works as advertised. Thumbs up!
364. Love this shoe deodorizer.... it was just what I was looking for and it has a nice Pine scent to it and is not overbearing!  I recommend it for everyone!
365. Saw zero difference didn’t work for me
366. I bought this version specifically for the travel cases and they did not come with the order. I should have returned it.
367. Bought for my daughter  she loves it
368. Great texture and flavor for vape.
369. If you ever read the ingredients on a standard commercial air freshener they give you pause. Yes you home may smell like a tropical paradise but at what cost to your lungs and environment. This two pack is delightfully different. The packaging is cute, from the recyclable packaging to the reusable containers. There is a single sprayer. The fragrance which is from oils is light, clean and refreshing. The lemon thyme smells terrific, clean without being medicinal. It doesn't choke you or cloy. The sprayer works smoothly and the fragrance lasts.
370. Works great. Nice and quiet.
371. Delivery was very prompt! I was very glad to see that my package was not damaged and arrived before the set delivery date! As for the product, I honestly had to try it as soon as it arrived. Directions included in the package are clear, and the set up is quite simple as well.  Just did my first treatment today and felt comfortable with the process. I have yet to see any noticeable results after my first session of course, but I will provide an update after the first 4 sessions :)
372. Maybe not the best razor ever, but does a good job. Easy to clean.
373. In the last month I have tried 3 different brands and this by far was the most unappealing taste, I was hungry and I didn't want to finish it.For flavor I would say the best was - SPLENDA Diabetes Care Shakes - Meal Replacement Shake, 8 Fluid Ounces Per Bottle (French Vanilla).For low calorie and protein the best is - Premier Protein 30g Protein Shakes, Vanilla, 11 Fluid Ounces
374. Works very well and easy to use, good results
375. ME CAE BIEN AL ESTOMAGO,Y ME AYUDA CON LOS DOLORES ADEMAS ES BARATO
376. My lab work is good with these
377. Very good salve! They gave my hubby some to take home from the hospital for wound care on an infected toe and this is nice stuff. (he's a diabetic so crucial for healing) these pads a doubled and saturated with salve, you can cut them to size for smaller ares (I did) and they help the healing nicely!
378. This is a great product. It works very well for eliminating the odor of cat urine, and it smells quite pleasant.
379. These things are great. They are super absorbent. The colors go with nearly everything. If you have a child who can chew through a car tire, these might not work but these will work for many kids who are aggressive chewers.I am quite happy with them and cannot recommend them highly enough but like I said, some autistic kids may through these so I guess you will have to take your chances when ordering but for many kids, they will do the trick. The cloth is soothing to bite, they do not look odd and it will save shirts.
380. Have been purchasing these same magnesium tablets for quite a while as one sure way to get magnesium.  I like that they are time released thus giving me a constant supply all day.  JigSaw produces a quality product.
381. The antioxidant-rich solution contained in these squeeze pouches is packaged and produced in Canada. The directions say it should be stored in a dry, dark place at room temperature, and the flavor tastes like tart grape juice. 🍇 The ingredients do list the presence of a couple of preservative compounds, but I like that there are no artificial flavors or added sugars, and the box comes stamped with a clearly marked expiration date.There are only 10 calories present per serving, but the recommended usage schedule advises consumers to take one sachet twice daily. At $20 per box, it would cost customers $120 a month to consume this resveratrol supplement regularly (because 10 pouches would disappear every 5 days). Since the overall price and perceived value of any item is subjective, the purchase likelihood will vary from person to person, but the potential payoff is exponentially beneficial.If this super fruit solution can combat free radical damage enough to slow or reverse aging, then I’m in! Since it does also contain goji, blueberry, pomegranate, cranberry, açaí, and green tea extracts, I at least feel like I’m consuming a myriad of healthy juices in the process! I’m pleased with the brand and the easy-to-open packaging overall, but I’d probably rather have a single container of the liquid substance rather than multiple single-use pouches. I try to support ♻️ reducing waste however I can, but that’s my only critique of this one!
382. It seemed to work really good at first but then the next day the urine smell came back a little. But it has still been better than other products.
383. Works very well. Great value for the money. Very basic, but very inexpensive. Uses standard size batteries, as well.
384. Seriously these are major horsepills. While I suppose it is just a single pill daily dose they are large. Won't be buying again for this reason.
385. Easy to use. Makes oiling my scalp take only half the time it used to. I love how it’s sealed up so you can make the hole as big or small as you like. It is nice and big so I can make a large batch of my personal oil mixture and not worry about it for a while. I have saved a lot of product by being able to put it exactly where I want and not havwing it go everywhere unnecessarily
386. Beautiful Soft Bristle Brush w Reverse Massage Nubies. Great Color. Works As A Fantastic Soft Backscratcher (not advertised for this use), my personal discovery. Shalom! To All.
387. I've noticed that very few lemon essential oils capture that fresh lemon fragrance. Too often they smell like bathroom disinfectant. So now, orange is usually my citrus of choice when it comes to essential oils.Move over orange, this grapefruit is sparkling and spectacular.You would swear that you are peeling a delicious grapefruit when you are defusing this organic oil.Clean citrus fragrance that is 100% true to the fruit peel.Cold pressed, you won't find even a hint of a solvent aroma with this high quality oil.Highly recommended.
388. I had previously bought Wet Stop 3 and had to return it because it would go off on random times when it wasn't even wet. And that was just a month after using it. This one we liked so much better.Pros:Easy to clip on underwearAlarm loud enough to wake up but not scare the living daylights of our sondidn't go off at random timesreally liked that all you had to do to get it to stop beeping was un-clip it from the wet clothing. (Note: some people like when there's more steps to get it to stop because then it's not super easy for the child to just un-clip it and go back to sleep but we didn't have this problem)Prefer the arm band to the chest clipCons:arm band can get a little loose and hard to tightenall in all it worked great for our son. He kept wearing it well after he stopped peeing in bed (they recommend that) It just became part of bed time routine. Just recently started sleeping without it, and he's doing great. If he does start to relapse, we'll start using it again.the armband
389. Super cute gift bags. They would also make great reusable lunch bags. Come with thanks you tags and string to attach. Durable and make gift giving fun. Great to keep on hand for last minute gifts.
390. When I heard about my parents' last set of good readers biting the dust.. I picked this set to get to them.  They arrived right away and they had no complaints about them. That means they're great or I'd have known if literally any little thing wasn't up to task.  Good lenses, undistorted performance and the spring hinges make for a great solution for them. I may even get myself some next time I need to replace mine.
391. We just moved to the country. While mowing my arms got bit up terrible.  I always liked sss so I thought I would give it a try. It really works, not one bite.  Plus its a sunscreen, also moisturizes and it doesnt smell too bad.
392. Product works great for my hives and anxiety condition that flared up during a case of poison ivy. Helped relieve both of my conditions. I reordered because poison ivy takes 3-4 weeks to resolve. I chose this product instead of steroids and antihistamines.
393. My washing machine is sparkling clean now! Fantastic product!
394. The instructions are not very explicit basically consisting of photographs.I found the straps tended to chafe under the arms. However it is better than other ones that I tried
395. Wonderful product! Makes me feel happy because they are so cute and colorful but more importantly because I'm helping take care of our oceans!!!! Keep up they great work! You deserve 100 stars!!!
396. The PA is a game changer with the MFLB. I've had no problems thus far, and keep the PA plugged in at all times. The temperature options blow the glyph batteries out of the water, and really makes a difference in your experience with the box.
397. Nice item.
398. This facial steamer comes in pieces in a plain cardboard box. There are instructions on how to put it together and how to use it, but it's pretty self-explanatory. Once together, you fill the steamer cup to the max line with hot tap water, add essential oils to a cotton swab and stick it in the aromatherapy bud holder next to the nozzle, if desired, and turn the heat and light on. Within just a few moments, there's a steady stream of steam coming out of the nozzle. It goes a fair distance, but to get the best coverage of your face with the steam, you will want to be about 15 inches below the nozzle.The steam feels really wonderful and relaxing! It runs for about 4 to 5 minutes and really opens your pores to help clean away any impurities.I really like the simplicity of this facial steamer, but would not consider it professional quality. The mechanical portion and cup are made of very lightweight plastic, do not seem extremely durable, and it is very basic in its function. I have been a cosmetologist for over 30 years, and this is more suited for home use.Using this facial steamer is a great way to take care of your skin and a wonderful way to spend time doing some self-care. There's nothing like spending some time a day or two each week and really taking good care of your skin. This facial steamer will help you do that in the comfort of your own home, and save you money at the same time. I'm really enjoying it and would definitely recommend it!
399. This is a good product. The results were reliable. However, this combo product had difficulty in terms of the results being automatically put online. I had to call to have the company send me an electronic version of the results. They were very professional and knew the technical details of I needed explanation.
400. Quick and sweet... I love my purchase and will be back. Thank you.
401. We've only used it for an hour or so but it seems to work well.  I really like the added hotice packs and think they are a great addition.+ Easy to put on and adjust.+ It has a little pocket on the inside to hold your pack of choice.+ Heavy duty fabric
402. My husband makes a meal replacement shake for breakfast every morning. This plant based one has 15 servings in it. It mixes well with water. He does use a blender for the job. He usually adds some frozen blueberries. It's palatable. It does taste a bit "green" as many other plant based protein powders do. He says it's filling and satisfying.
403. This is a great new product I like to use it in my smoothies in the morning to kick start my day with a healthy dose of super good vitamins. It has all the good stuff to fight viruses and boost your immune system. It has a nice fruity taste so it adds to the taste of my smoothies. It mixes well and blend smooth its not clumpy or lumpy other then the taste you can't even tell it's really in there. Its a nice size container for a good price and it comes with a scoop so all you need is one scoop. I really like this product I like the company that makes it. I feel healthier and see improvement in my energy just for the short time I've been taking it hopefully it will continue. I purchased this product for reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review thank you
404. This teeth whiting kit has everything in this , it’s complete.My husband is a coffee and tea drinker, even though we get our teeth cleaned ever4 to 5 months, ( we are older) He doesn’t like that his teeth are not as white as they should be.He has used this teeth whiting kit 3 times, and his teeth are looking whiter, althoughThis cannot get teeth as white as the dentist does.My teeth are very sensitive , and I won’t try this.
405. these are like dryer cloths.  I guess I could add a scent and put in the dryer with my laundry
406. This file gives my nail edge a very smooth finish, unlike an emery board file.
407. I like this water. It has a good flavor, and I like that it isn't overly sweet. I find it very refreshing over ice.
408. Surprisingly worked well. My boyfriend has used on sun glasses when we've gone running and he's a big fan. His glasses never shifted or fell down his nose. Curious to see how it holds up in the summer heat though.
409. the only product does not still to stones in shower
410. Excellent for after-proton radiation burns. My wife went through a ton of this stuff, but it’s one of the few things that helps sooth the sunburn-like discomfort.
411. All protein and high caffine &#34;energy&#34; powder samples with 2  &#34;fun size&#34; protein bars.  Even with the reimbursement this is not worth it.  Some of the powders have an intense amount of caffeine (350mg for the pineapple).  That is over 4 red bull drinks at once.  Be careful.
412. Love this powder. Put it in your cut flower water and your flowers will last at least twice as long.Great product at a reasonable price.
413. The boxes of Puffs came at a good time, as we are having allergies with a change of seasons..These are 2 ply. I’m use to a 3 ply tissue that is softer then these Puffs.These felt thin and rougher then what I’m use too, but when I used oneThey seemed a bit thicker then what I expected, but Not a full size tissue. Rather on the small side.These small boxes Would be nice next to a bed in the guest bathroom, nursery , car etc.If I had a cold this would not be the Tissue I would want to use. My husband was Not a fan of these.
414. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while. You get 4 pairs in this pack.
415. It wasn't really what I expected!! On the infomercials, they show it as if it could straighten or curl!! It does straighten but NOT CURL THE ENDS at all!! So it sits in my cabinet for someday I might change hairdos!! It took me 27 years this last time so it'll be awhile!! It's great for straightening but doesn't curl!!
416. Love these!
417. Low noise but after a couples uses, they are very dull. Makes me wonder if they were used before.
418. This rich organic cream is great for high altitude, dry, and aging faces. It softens and moisturizes all night. My skin is sensitive and often breaks out if I use products that are too heavy. The consistency of this one worried me a little. It didn't soak in all the way. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't one of those that's so greasy you have to wash your pillowcase. It's creamy. It's just a little thicker than I usually use. It turned out fine, though. It worked great.Amazon's packaging didn't work quite as well as usual. It came through the mail in a padded envelope and the product box was smashed. If you wanted to give it as a gift, that might have been a problem. The jar containing the product (inside the box) came through fine though. It was in perfect condition. I didn't care about the box anyway, so that didn't matter.
419. The raspberry flavor is nice. These vitamins have been improving my mood and energy levels. I’m feeling great!
420. Very well made, and give just enough extra room to be able to wear pants that were getting too tight.
421. Works better than any aluminum and baking soda free deodorant! Not one time has body odor peeked through. Even after 24 hour.
422. The wife loves it. No complaints at this time and will update accordingly.
423. they are a nice size and stay moistened and are easy to use
424. This set includes 4 sponges and 4 stainless steel scrubbers.  The sponges have a scratchless, scrubbing side that work well, but the sponge fell apart after 4 uses  :-( .  The stainless steel scrubbers also work well, I just hope they don't rust.  The rust is why I stopped using these type of scrubbers, it was ecky, so they were limited to one time use.If you can't get out to the store due to Co-Vid 19, these are ok, and the price is reasonable $7.99.  This is the type of cleaning products you find at $1 outlets (one of my favorite haunts),
425. Arrived today, happy with purchase.
426. Ordered 5 bottles, only 3 arrived, the box was totally sodden, all three bottles leaked, 2 completely empty, one almost also..So I didn’t have a chance to try the product.
427. I make a Heavy Metal Detox Smoothie that includes fresh cilantro but I don't always have it and I also don't like the taste of fresh cilantro very much. This extract works perfectly and the taste is masked with the other smoothie ingredients.
428. I have no idea why this stuff works -- but it does. So much better than Ben Gay and a pleasant scent to it.
429. These work great!  I love that I don't have to mix my shakes before going to the gym... they just taste funny if they've been sitting for awhile.  These are great sizes (more than enough room in each for any dose) and they clean easily.  Obviously; it doubles as a funnel so I'm not spilling powder all over.  I do kinda wish the lower opening was wider... but whatever.  Great product.  I've had several friends ask how to get some for themselves
430. First I tried it mixed with apple yogurt. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then I tried it with Grape Nuts. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then we mixed it with eggs and flour, cooked it, and fed it to the catfish. They loved it so we will eat it all but it will be in fried catfish.I paid $11 for this at Costco.
431. It is very good
432. I had to try this a few times before reviewing.  I have major problems in one of my feet, and it hurts all the time.  This massager is just on the edge of hurting, BUT after using it, my feet feel great for hours.  If you can't stand a very firm massage, this is not for you.  To get the right pressure you really need to move your feet around in it to get where it's comfortable.  It does have different settings, but no real way to adjust the squeezing pressure.
433. I can't stop using it, it's handest thing I now have so much so that I bought a second one
434. This is a great whole food source to help support both liver function and helps with insulin resistance. It's well-sourced and good quality, ready to use with foods in smoothies, soups, etc. I'm really happy with the quality and ease of use!
435. I have weak hands and fat calves which swell quite a lot. These zipper socks by Presadee are SO EASY to put on. The material is soft and comfortable. They don't pinch at the knee and ankle like my other pull on socks do. I love them. The purple is very pretty too. I bought 3 pair. I may buy more. I can easily see myself wearing these every day. I like to walk barefoot and the toeless style helps keep me from slipping. They are really fantastic.
436. I love anything that keeps my teeth white - it’s not the most cleanest of products - chances are you will make a mess but the mess is definitely worth it
437. This can be a very dangerous and TENS unit. It is not a slimming instrument. It is very much like the devices used in doctors and physical therapy offices. It comes with a less than adequate "manual", with over-the-top claims of making you slim and trim, increasing your bust size, among many other crazy things.This should come with much better instructions, warnings, and contraindications. There are so many ways that you can use a TENS unit in the wrong way that is very dangerous and life-threatening. There is no mention of warnings or contraindications, whatsoever, in the hyped up "manual".What my sensitive nerves experienced were unpleasant muscle contractions, along with zaps and zings to the point that I could not stand it. I can use a regular TENS unit on lower settings, but the "Instrument" I received is a bit unstable, and every electrode does not put out the same strengthintensity on the chosen stimulation mode. I used ultrasound gel and made sure the electrodes were well covered, but it didn't seem to make a difference. I still got zapped by one electrode or another. Maybe this machine is just too strong for my nerves. They are rather sensitive.This might work as a very good TENS unit for some people, but I don't believe one word about it toning your body, making you lose weight, enhancing your breast or any other part of your body. Those are just outright lies. That is why they put hyphens in between such words in the listing.Many people would love such a device for the relief of pain without being told it will help them lose weight, develop strong and beautiful breasts, and even prevent cancer, when it clearly will not. People who are in pain are desperate to relieve it without the use of medications. They would gladly buy a professional TENS unit, but who wants to buy a gimmick?Sadly, this will not work for me, even as a TENS unit. I just wish that it were sold solely as such.
438. 2 soft, when I placed it in my office chair it just goes down 😑
439. My nutritionist recommended this supplement for me after back surgery. I use it to control my blood pressure, allergies, guy health, and preventing coldsinfections in my body. I take this supplement faithfully for 2 years and I have not been sick. Recently I didnt take the supplement for a week and I discovered a allergy to pollen. I started to take the  allicidin again and allgeries went away. This is a great product.
440. Love it. Lots of complements!
441. I bought a different type of silicone temple tips to begin with, the kind that are long and tubular. They did not work for me. They caught in my hair, messing it up, but also did not keep my glasses from shifting. These, on the other hand, are great!  Easy to slide on, and once you place the tips on to begin with and put your glasses on, then you can slide the tips backward until the fit it just right. They are so comfortable you'll forget you're wearing them. AND--your glasses stay put.
442. I just finished my 3rd ride with the Junp I purchased through Amazon and I'm pretty convinced this is the best hydration powder I've tried.I road cycle and MTB in Southern California, and it always seems like the most draining days are when the temps start to heat up in the spring, and the body has to adjust.  I got the Junp Wild Berry just as SoCal got its first heat wave, and it really did the trick.  After the rides I didn't find myself lunging for a can of coconut water like I was expecting, and later in the day I didn't have the slightly jittery feeling due to depletion of electrolytes and salts.  No shade on the other products I’ve tried, but I usually find myself needing a little 'boost' after rides when using them.A surprising bonus point was that the Junp didn't seem to clog my water bottle valves like some of the other hydration mixes I've used.  Maybe it's the no sugar, but whatever the reason, it's a relief to not have to super-scrub out a bottle when you just want to shower and relax!
443. These filters are small must only be for kids masks
444. Good Quality
445. These are great tasting nuts.  I first discovered them at a local membership club and when they quit handling them, I checked Amazon.  Of course, they had them and at a better price.  I mixed these with walnuts and served them as a snack at my ladies bridge club.  Everyone wanted to know where to purchase them.  That's about the best recommendation you can get!
446. Each Pak is light & easy to use and very compact when used up. Each 15 flush Pak comes with garbage bag you insert in the bowl first so that clean up is a whiz! I’m a camper and the Laveo allows me to offer guests their own bathroom with no mess and no smell.
447. This fwidget is just way bigger than I anticipated.  I was thinking it would be the size of a pink eraser and it's almost as big as my iPhone4s.  I will be surprised if it fits in his pocket.  I don't see how my son is supposed to inconspicuously use this in class, but will update if I change my mind on it due to his experience.
448. SVelcro strap is a bit  of a hassle to  use as its too long, but I guess this does what it says
449. This is so cheap. Looks like a toy. Didn’t even turn on.
450. I've had mine for two years and it still works. I smoke every day, sometimes a few times a day. I only use one-hitters though, so not a lot of smoke is going through these. I threw away the caps when I got it. They're useless. The thing needs to be open so it can air out. Your breath has a lot of moisture. I have two regular smoke buddies, and one junior. I love them all. However, I accidentally put my junior one in the washer (yes, the smoke buddy was unusable after this) and it made a mess in my washer, but that's my fault. I love these. They are a bit harder to blow through now that mine is so old, but I just can't afford another one. Thankfully, mine still works.
451. Not worth the money very small idk how this got good reviews
452. This is ok it's gets really hot but it's annoying that my finger is always changing the setting of the heat.
453. Hilarity.  They say laughing increases your health and even arranging your face into a smile tricks your brain into believing your more happy.  So far so good...
454. Not very easy to position the clippers against the nail and get a good vantage point.  At least for me.  I don't have any dexterity issues.  I see how this product could be good for others, but just not working for me.  The sides of my nails end up being a little longer than I'd prefer.
455. Really soften  my feet!
456. i really like them compared to other mask including the ones I made!
457. We've had one for a few years and bought a second to give as a gift, love the packaging and color choice!
458. My recent blood work shows that this is working. It is keeping my D levels where they are supposed to be. I recommend these.
459. It's areally good hair dryer with good accessories and attachments. Also came with hair clips and heat protect glove which was and extra surprise.
460. Made my work shoes feel brand new again.
461. I got this for my son who is having some issues with prostate enlargement.  (PSA test normal).  He says it is helping,, reduced night time bathroom calls and dripping (to some degree).  At this point only taking 1 capsule a day and may increase to 2 to see if reduction in issues increases.  Has to be cautious due to other medications he is taking for other issues.
462. Amazing, I simply love this mask. I went out looking for alternatives to treat my migraines, my fibro group suggested a migraine mask. I went on searching and can across this mask. I've used it about 15 plus times already within two weeks and honestly it helps me sleep and also helps with my migraine. Yes the print side where the words are, is definitely colder.Suggestion:  Grab 2, I should've done that from the beginning like the other reviewers siad, because now I have to wait for the next one to arrive. Thanks for the company that made this, it's a life saver.
463. I don't know about pants, but for my vest they are perfect.
464. I add this supplements to my smoothies. And it tastes great! It doesn’t taste artificial and and it’s very easy to be dissolved.
465. First, GERY company, try enclosing instructions with your product, or at least make the information available to consumers on the internet somewhere.  I have no idea what all of the attachments do, they appear to each have a unique purpose but I will never know what they are.  I had to search the internet to find out how to even use the device at all.Second, yes, it 'can' suck out a pimple, but it will leave an even uglier bruised looking place on your body where to removed it.  Don't use it on your face if you have anywhere in public to go the same day.  I only used on tip because I had no idea which tips and tools where for what purpose (again, instructions would have been nice).Third, this seems very unsanitary.  The zit contents, and blood, are sucked into the vacuum attachment and onto the sponge thing on the device.  It is difficult to clean it out or off.  I had to use straw brush to clean in the attachment and then I certainly didn't want to use it for cleaning straws after that, Gross.Honestly I don't know what I expected from this device but I can tell you that it does not work the way the video showed it working in the animated clip.  And unless you like little hickies I don't recommend it for people with sensitive or even mildly sensitive skin.I would not recommend this product to a friend.  Sorry Gery.
466. This mask did not have as much contour shaping around the eyes as some other masks I have used, but the thin cloth around the nose to block light gaps and the super comfortable strap over my ears more than made up for it. A much better improvement over my last sleep mask.
467. Good quality and large supply!
468. I'm not a big fan of this b+ complex liquid. Mainly it is the taste I don't like, the strawberry flavor is really light and doesn't cover up the unpleasant taste.They are also difficult to separate, you pretty much have to use scissors to separate them. Also, I didn't feel any different while taking these, my energy level didn't change.Frankly, I'd rather just take a pill. If you hate pills and are vitamin b deficient, you might like these more than I did.
469. I bought this to make homemade macaroni and cheese. It was perfect the first time. Cheese is basically a suspension of water, milk, milk fats, and other stuff turned solid. When you melt it, all that stuff separates and becomes gross. Sodium citrate stops that from happening, keeping cheese's ingredients mixed together. This is the same reason why Kraft Singles, Velveeta, and nacho cheese don't get all gross when melted. Why not use the same ingredient in your home kitchen?Cook one pound of elbow macaroni and drain. In the stockpot, mix about a pint of milk, half a stick of butter, and a teaspoon of this stuff. Let it get nice and hot, stirring constantly to mix it all together well.Now dump in four cups of whatever shredded cheese you want, a little bit at a time, stirring until melted. Once all that is all added and melted, mix in the elbow macaroni.Simple, and it works great. You can vary the amount of sodium citrate as well as milk to get different consistencies.
470. I love this cleaner. It sits on everything- soap scum, gross grout (although probably not to be used for grout) it cleans the tough stuff! I love it.
471. We bought this basically to help clean our chemex coffee carafe. It is definitely a silicone brush, and it was cheap. But according To my girlfriend, it doesn’t “suds up” the soap very well. Last time I buy her inexpensive items that she can use to clean my stuff! The aunt no charity!  Seriously though, she’s great.
472. I got this blend because I thought it would help me fall asleep faster. It doesn't. It does have a pleasant aroma and applies easily with the roller ball. But aside from being a pleasing fragrance, I must say that it doesn't really do much for me, so I won't be ordering it again.
473. In this pack you get 2 different face masks, I choose the tie-dye set. They are colorful and really stand out. They are more importantly really comfortable to wear and are breathable.
474. Great product!  Kept the tattoo crisp and dark
475. Magic Erasers really are magical. I don't know how they do it but these sponges can clean up anything. To make them last longer I've cut the sponges in quarters which helps a lot.
476. I would equate the energy boost of this product to that of a strong cold brew coffee.... There is a noticeable increase in “pep” upon taking, but - unfortunately for me- the increased energy was also accompanied by a pretty strong headache. As someone that suffers from migraines, I will likely avoid this product in the future.
477. The pillow seems well enough made. Unfortunately, is is uncomfortably thick, even with no air pumped into it. I would certainly not purchase again.
478. My son is an absent minded gamer, as in things that plug in often come up missing or suddenly stop working. So when he asked for a gaming headset I really didn't want to drop a lot of money, when in reality he does not need super fancy, just a decent quality that is highly durable and functional.These fit the bill perfectly. He loves them. I've played with them myself and am duly impressed. The sounds is good, the noise isolation is great, and the head set is clear on the other end.This keeps him from yelling at his phone while face timing and playing a multiplayer on his computer.Better yet it lights up, and while definitely a little gimmicky, he loves that little extra flair.I would get another pair of these, the price and quality are worth it!
479. Grandchildren love them. Nice product
480. Gave my car the best shine it ever had. As far as getting it off, since I hand wax my car I only leave a thin layer on each section for about 2 minutes and then I remove it.
481. I have several antiques that I want to preserve and have been looking for high-quality furniture polish. There is a lot of furniture polish on the market, but it is hard to tell if it is high quality.  This vendor has videos on YouTube where the owner demonstrates the product by using it on destressed antiques.  You will see how to use it and the results you can expect. It is a good product.  Not cheap, but you get what you pay for.
482. These pants waist extenders did work. One time only. They stretched like cheap ink pen springs. Don't waist your time even considering buying these.
483. If you take about 6-9 pills a day maybe. This is why they give you a thousand pills since you have to take so many for not much relief.  An update to my review. Really don't buy. Really a BAD product. Should not be sold as a laxative. I guess I should have thought since they give you a thousand pills they must take A LOT to work, maybe.
484. This is my second basket to try with my knee scooter and I wished I had bought it first. It attaches easy and holds things I need freeing up my hands. I left the handle off mine and keep it attached to the scooter. I easily lift the basket off for loading it into the car and just as easily reattach.
485. Seems like a big help in the shower, no complaints!
486. Product is above average but all kits should include a "includes checklist".  Meaning that there's an inventory of things and an easy way to check off what has been used.
487. The magnisoles seem to be helping my husband more than any other insole.
488. This is a cute little gadget. It is very inexpensive and probably not the most accurate instrument out there, however I do like it to get a rough idea on how much blood alcohol level I have. Would I stake my drivers license on this, of course not but it is nice to get an idea on where I am standing really. It is not completely inaccurate or anything but in the grand scheme of things you get what you pay for.What I do like is the convenience of it really. Also make sure when you start it up that you let it calibrate with fresh air to make sure you get a good baseline. If you don't do that your results are going to be VERY bad. It is very easy to use so no complaints there. Also the complaint about it fogging up is accurate but you can still read the measurement on the display, so no real big deal in my eyes.
489. uncomfortable. I wish I kept the box so I could return it. yuck. I fell off my chair twice when this monster was on it.
490. I don't like perfume in my skin cream ,and this reminds me of my grandmother's perfume from the 60's!As soon as I put it on my face I had to wash it off within ten minutes because I got a severe headache within minutes after putting it on.For anyone with allergies to fragrances,  (especially horrible ones)beware!!My mistake for not reading the label and thinking it had all natural ingredients which it doesn't--however, it would have gone back with the frangrance anyway.I will stick to my tried and true Jasons...thats what happens when you try and save!
491. Great coq10. It is a higher concentration than most which is super nice. No more taking multiple pills for just one supplement.
492. This is a sharp looking cigar humidor with a flawless Rosewood finish.  The dimensions shown in the listing photo are accurate, so it is a generous size. While it is hard to say how many cigars this will hold because there are so many different sizes of cigars, the company has a chart posted in the lower area of the description that gives an idea of how many should fit depending on the gauge and type of cigar.The hygrometer is easy to read and without its frame the face measures 1.5”.  The bottom of the humidor has felt adhered to protect the box as well as the surface where it will be kept.  The lid opens and closes easily, and when you open it all the way it will stay open until you shut it.  This humidor is strong and durable and weighs 3 lb,+ 7.7 oz.  The provided divider stays in place with a tight fit.Overall, this is a well-constructed, elegant, and functional cigar humidor at a reasonable price. It has an attractive design and well-deserving of 5 stars.
493. These are not some cheap clamps these are the real deal, I'm hard on sex toys but these have been great
494. Love them! The adult size doesn't really help someone who is 5'3. They were way to tall. After I adjusted them to the right setting they were just fine. Study and very well made!
495. This never seemed to charge well via usb and when it did, it lasted a week before needing to charge again and now it does not charge or work at all and we have only had it for 2 months. Very disappointed.
496. I use this for my hikes and runs and its great.
497. I use it on my skin alone or with coconut oil. Great fragrance and is terrific for the skin.
498. Nice chair - with all the massage equiptment it is not as plush as I expected, but it's okay. It is a little in the small side so beware.
499. Husband swears by this stuff!
500. Absolutely great product. It cleans even things that are really stuck, without scratching the surface. These last for a long time and don't fall apart for months. I have not found great sponges like these since I used to buy them in israel. It's the real deal, just like the ones from israel. It feels like home !
501. Vision is great with this tool.  Works well and  light is bright.
502. Great package fit on nightstand and cat
503. It works a little but not great.  It's mostly green tea, which I've used in the past.  There's some other stuff too but nothing revolutionary.
504. These are so great for your newly potty trained kids...when they can’t quite wipe clean with regular TP.
505. I don't know what to say about this item.
506. My uses it everyday
507. easy cleaning
508. I have very fine thin hair and this is AMAZING! My hair is soft, shiny, bouncy, full, smells great, and feels healthy and clean. If you're hair is greasy, you're not rinsing well or you're using too much as a leave-in conditioner. If your hair is dry, maybe your water is hard, you're not using a bit as leave-in conditioner... All the negative reviews are totally opposite of my experience. Everyone's nose is different. This smells very close to the smell when driving past orange groves in Florida. I look forward to trying the honey peach and the mango coconut. And no one paid me to type this ;)UPDATE: I've been using this product for a couple weeks now. I used to have quite a bit of hair that came out in the shower and also as I was blow drying my hair. I wasn't expecting this and as far as I'm concerned this, in and of itself, is worth the product: my hair has almost completely stopped falling out! Yes, I get hairs that fall out just like everyone else, but before there were times when I wondered how I wasn't bald. Having very thin, fine hair has been difficult because it just looks wispy. I'm excite to see what happens in the next 6 months!
509. Love them. Great being able to see the dashboard again.
510. Bought this for my husband who has a lot of neck problems from wearing heavy flight helmets. This works great. It lifts his neck gently and relieves the pressure causing the pain.I 've had 3 neck surgeries and am loaded in metal so it's definitely not for me but perfect on husband who won't have surgery.
511. Perfect for those who are trying to quit!! Great flavor.
512. This is the easiest to swallow CoQ that I have.  I even prefer it to the gummies which are gag awful.
513. My wife loves my water flosser (waterpik) but needs something portable for her travels. I looked at a good bit of choices and settled on this. She seems to like it a lot and now she leaves mine alone. 😂😂
514. Great energy pills. Can help you get stuff done or can help you get rock hard. This pill hasn't had any side effects and has been used a few times. Amazing price especially since they really work. They are not only for when you want them sexually but also work to boost your stigma and energy levels.
515. Everything in here is great quality, was very impressed! The resealable herb bags are all pretty good sized pouches and look really nice. The little jars of gems all look amazing. One of the labels was poorly put onto the jar but we managed to pull the label off and fix it. The box the little gem jars is in barely fits them, it's quite a struggle getting them all back jammed in if you pull them out.Overall this is a really cool kit and everything is great quality looks great!
516. Didn't fit my nosebridge
517. It either flat out doesn’t work or the hairs that stick out of my nose aren’t long enough for the blades to reach.... might work for others but not for me
518. Delivered on time. heavy duty, just right for travel , top fits snug.  Just the right size.
519. After shaking the can as instructed and several minutes of trying to make it spray, it only sprays out half inch sized spot of powder.  Really worthless can.
520. Originally I thought these bags had a gold circle rather than a star, which is why I ordered them - I thought they might look like Kate Spade bags but I was wrong - they are gold stars which is still pretty attractive. The design is generic enough to be used for all kinds of occasions such as weddings, birthdays, baby showers, etc. It also looks like the type of bag a store might use, so if you own a small business, these would also be good for giving to customers. The bag is reasonably sturdy, like a bag from a boutique, and the handles are decent. Overall these are good quality bags but the price seems a little high - it's too bad it doesn't come with gold colored tissue paper, but if you add them yourself you can make them look luxe.
521. REVISED REVIEW-These pads are great for like two weeks, and quickly get too softget a line in them to rip your lashes out or stick to them in my case (see photo).  For this reason, they should be cheaper. The pads that came with my lash curler lasted me months in comparison.--------------------I bought a Kevin Aucoin eyelash curler and fell in love, however what I didn't fall in love with was the price tag every time I ran out of curler pads! The replacement pads for that curler, I don't even think they make, and I wasn't ready to shell out another $25 for a new curler and two pads. Then I came across this listing and all was right in the world! These fit my curler PERFECTLY and do a great job curling, just as well as my Kevin Aucoin pads did.  Definitely recommend these and I'll be purchasing again when I run out!(photo is my before and after lashes)
522. Its a stupid product. The video is fake and totally not true. Waste of money. I could go to the shop and buy a 8 dollar shiner to shine my table. This was a total waste. U do not recommend it.
523. Love my Radha Products-especially this Lemon Essential Oil!!!!  You get a huge 4 ounce bottle with a dropper & it comes in a box-you feel like you are opening a present!  I find many uses for the little box also!  Of course, any new oil goes in my diffuser & this Lemon Oil makes you feel like putting on some music & dancing!  Yes Really!!!  i put a drop in my refrigerator to keep it smelling fresh & also in my wastebaskets. That's why you need the dropper-you don't want to overdo it. Sometimes, I put a drop on my dirty clothes just to keep them fresh-smelling until I get around to washing them.  Also a drop or two in the washing machine.  And a drop in my kitchen drain if It isn't smelling fresh.  Also on my dryer balls.  If you plan on using on you skin-you Have to use a carrier oil to dilute this oil. This is some really pure strong oil. Jojoba oil or one of the many carriers-almond oil, walnut oil, avocado oil. There are many carrier oils. You can add it also to your home-made lotions, etc. or add a drop to store bought lotions.  If you have ever been suckered into buying a 12 ounce bottle of essential oil from one of the multi-level marketing parties, you will be so excited to discover Radha Beauty Products.  These are quality oils. I did receive this one at a reduced cost for an honest opinion but I have tried many Radha Oils & they ROCK!!! Thank You!!!
524. I removed the simple supports from a pair of shoes and put these in. They are pretty good but not as good as a true orthopedic shoe or good athletic shoe. Good enough to wear around the house.
525. I hope these work!!! Im trying to get some sleep,and this is kind of a last resort..
526. Warning: This stuff is STRONG. But if you are really really congested, this will do the trick. Make sure you keep it well away from your nose or the burn will be crazy. I use it as a double - 1 for congestion and 2 to keep me awake at work when it gets that bad.
527. The pillow itself is really comfortable. It is super plush and thick memory foam. Very comfortable. Definitely made for an adult. However, the fabric isn't the best. It is soft, but the stitching isn't durable at all. The snap on mine broke off pretty quickly. It just ripped straight out without me pulling or anything. The pillow is just heavy and if you are snapping it to your bag when not in use, it puts too much stress on the weak seams.Update: downgraded my star rating because the cover fell completely apart after only a few uses. Then you just have this memory foam “pillow” that definitely needs a cover. So, about a month from opening the package to throwing the pillow away.
528. Oxy E does raise  oxygen in the body very quickly. Need to gradually increase number of drops per day to 100 and after thatthe maintenance dose should do the trick.
529. I was skeptical because I don't like to buy things made of synthetic materials, but I got a Purple Royal and I'm trying it out.  Here's what I like about it so far:  I sit on a futon sofa much of the day with my laptop, and the sofa is depressed where I've been sitting, so I'm sinking into the futon.  The Purple Royal is 2 inches thick and lifts me up, and out of the sinkhole, distributing weight well across the futon mattress.  It feels cool to the backside, and allows plenty of spread instead of being flattened and squinched.  I'm using it with the black cover, but I'm going to put a pillowcase over it to match the cover on the futon mattress.  Another thing I like is that I can tuck it right at the back of the sofa and it does not come all the way out to the front of the sofa; there's about 4-5" space between it and the edge of the sofa, which allows room for my legs to rest on the edge of the sofa instead of raising them up and cutting off blood flow.  I thought about getting the 2.25" one ("double") but that one has a "soft side" and I can't see any need for anything softer.  This one feels plenty soft and roomy.  I think the "simply purple" one (1.5") wouldn't cushion enough.  I will update if I notice anything different.
530. They are way smaller that pictured hand cramps while using them. Hard to keep a grip on it
531. Worked exceptionally well for my family. We noticed our gut flora improve quickly.  Helps with exzema flares.
532. It works well, but the fragrance is still a little strong for me.  It does fade and is not as bad as other bug repellents that I can't use because of that.  I don't even have to go outside.  These mosquitoes just seem to find me at home.  Thank goodness we are having cooler weather in California.  I know they will be back but I am prepared for them now.  The nice thing about this is it is also a moisturizer and blends in well.
533. Pros:The scent is greatI like the consistency of the oil when applied to my skinMy aches in my arm feels lessen after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
534. Mellygova Bathtub PillowThis bath pillow is very thick and soft with a mesh covering that helps it dry fairly quickly. There are six suction cups to keep it secured to the tub; two  on the rounded top part, four on the larger, lower part. I found that with my free-standing tub which does not have much of a lip on the back, rather it’s just straight, the top part didn’t hold very well. Still, I was able to sort of flip it over the back and use it as a headrest, as intended. The pillow is going to fit different in different shaped and styled tubs, so you’ll have to find what works best given your situation.That said, the pillow is very comfortable and provides plenty of cushioning against the back of the tub, making for a pleasant bath experience. I have used inflatable bath pillows in the past, and they can’t hold a candle to this type of pillow as far as comfort goes. There is a hook on one end of the pillow and if you hang it after use, it drains and dries well. There were no strange smells, loose threads, weak seams, or any other defects with the pillow. There also were no care instructions included, but on the Amazon product page, it says the pillow is machine washable. I haven’t tried that, and may not unless it gets really dirty, but hopefully the claim holds true.This is a good choice for a comfortable, smaller bath pillow.
535. These sunglasses fit really well and the bifocal part is positioned just right for my eyes.  Also love the rubber-like tips behind the ears.  I liked them so much I just bought a second pair!!
536. Size is a little smaller than what I thought, but it works just fine!The students loved the idea of creating a holy water bottle of their own.Fits just enough water for children.
537. Good but bitter
538. Nice product. UV-C works. An added line of protection.Better than advertised. Value for money.
539. I hardly realize I'm wearing it.  I was a little suprised by the light-weight fabric and wondered if it would even work.  But so far, so good.  It is very easy to put on, stays in place and is comfortable.
540. It is what the bags promised. No odor.
541. It said in the description that it would fit most cleaning wands.  Well, I have two different ones and it doesn't. Now I can't return it to Amazon because it says the window of time to return is too late. But I didn't need to replace it till now and when I tried to put it on the one I have,  it doesn't fit!!
542. I thought I would give dry brushing a try, so when the Asenlin Body Brush with Long Wooden Handle came in the mail I was excited for bath time.  The bristles are stiff, scratchy, and shed everywhere.  I haven't seen any difference in my skin other than being red and irritated.  If you have itchy skin though this may be a great way to solve that without being too rough on your skin.  I'd rather have a softer brush.
543. Exceeded my expectations! Great Qualuty. Nice Size
544. Some of the bristles bent after just a few times of using it, which is causing it to really snag and pull hair now.  Concept is great, but wish it had lasted longer.Update: Seller contacted me quickly about my review, and will be refunding this. I appreciate the great customer service!
545. It came broken  defected
546. Love it and it's safe!
547. Why would  they ask if toilet drop is were warm or thick for that matter. How about turn the water blue, slightly. How about do they clean well, no. How about do they last as long as they claim, No. does it have a pleasant fragrance, no. Just not worth it
548. I really like to make nachos with this flavor.  I'm on a low carb diet and these chips fit the diet plan
549. Use it in my office chair and is very comfortable except for the front edge which is under my upper legs. This edge tends to be a little hard and puts pressure on the back of my legs.
550. A very soft blanket, and comfortable for sleeping (in Sunnyvale, CA). It is exactly a queen size, not too big. I hope it doesn't shred.
551. Hands stay warm at night-- much more comfortable all over
552. Great roller bottles to use for essential oil blends!
553. I needed a wheel. It is a wheel.
554. This product did not make me lose weight, but I have longer nails and thicker hair! I would recommend for the collagen!
555. Mine was grey and had small white discoloration in the color on top but not worried about it. Holds plenty of weight and is a good height for a vanity seat. Like that it's versatile as a shower stool.
556. Triglycerides were reduced from 309 to 169 in 12 months, taking 2 table spoons per day.  HDL went from 38 to 61. Good news for someone like me who does not want to take any meds.
557. This 8 ounce bag of Maca powder is organic and non-GMO. It tastes like I expected from past experience. It has a plastic, teaspoon size serving scoop included inside the bag. I mix it into my smoothie because it adds a butterscotch taste. I have no problem mixing it in to thicker foods like smoothies or cereal and have not tried mixing it into juice or water.
558. It really did take care of stuffy smell in the small room
559. Great comfort, warm too.  Fits good , a size 13 my husband wears and he likes these very much.
560. All is well with this item. I need it to be in liquid form. I don’t know the best way to keep it liquid.  I purchased before and it was liquid. Smells great.
561. I’ve only used these cups a few times as my husband shares his coffee with me & this cup & amount is perfect.I previously bought another brand that came with a clip on handle and they are okay for store sampling, one time use, but since I could feel the hot coffee, I had to use two.These cups are thicker & sturdier as I’ve used them multiple times since my husband makes 3-5 coffees per day, depending on if we share them and I’ve haven’t had to replace the cup because of multiple uses even if it sat for awhile in between cups.I would definitely recommend and I would definitely rebuy.
562. Does not fit over handles as it should and I have a standard walker.  Very disappointed
563. This glass foot file works great, you can really sand off the dry skin on your feet with it.It is a little big for my hands, although I have small hands. It also get clogged up a little too quickly. If you have a lot of dry skin, you may have to wash it out while using it.
564. Beet root powder has a plethora of uses. It's excellent for cooking. It enhances any chocolate dessert. I use it to increase my stamina and endurance for workouts. I add it to my morning green drink. It's chock-full of antioxidants. It's also great for skin health. Over time, you'll notice that your skin has a healthy glow when taking this supplement. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
565. A friend of mine who worked at a car dealership highly recommended this. He said it's the best, that they used it all the time. I can't argue with him about that! This 12-Pack was a very economical purchase.
566. I used this and left the clothes in the dryer for a week-they didn't look too bad when they came out
567. Use dish soap same thing
568. this is not good for clothes....
569. These are very cute and great for small gifts.
570. I had to purchase these migrasticks cuz a friend let me use hers for my headache and it really helped. Plus it smells amazing. Just don’t put too close to the eyes, when putting on temples.
571. I like having medical supplies for my prepper kit and I found this to be an excellent value. I like that they are individually wrapped and they are a good quality gauze.
572. Good product at a good price
573. This is especially helpful when popping pimples on the neck of the person in front of you on the bus. Keeps you from actually having to touch them.
574. These are awesome for your throat.  They melt slowly and go down to your throat and the flavor of honey is the best part.  I've been using these for the past 50 years.  They are hard to find in a store so I buy them all the time from Amazon!
575. I like that these absorb some of the urine and allow the excess to pass through onto the next pad but Thought these would keep the urine inside the PADDED pants along with a mega pad that I use under these, so 3 pads thick and still leak onto the bed liner AND up her back during the night. I looked for some kind of gel pads that would actually HOLD the liquid but can't find anywhere. This is insanity. Wish I had the means to invent my own product that would make life easier for caregivers and that would make me a billionaire because I know exactly what is needed but oh well! Ain't going to happen.  I give up.
576. Takes little space to store for emergencies.
577. I am happy with this aloe vera gel. It goes on smoothly, doesn't feel heavy or greasy, and quickly soaks into the skin. The gel has a light mint fragrance and the scent doesn't linger on the skin. Where I live, it's past the time of year that I will get a sunburn, but I've been using the gel on a bug bite I have and it's been very soothing. I'm glad to have this gel in my closet for bug bites and for that occasional sunburn once the warm weather returns.
578. Excellent purchase.  Arrived as ordered.  Used once to my delight. I will order another for my 2nd bathroom.
579. Very nice and I like!
580. Doesn't stay charged long. Also no instructions for what probe to use for different areas of body
581. Very good. Easy to apply.
582. I love this Juul skin but it’s already peeling off and I’ve only had it a couple of days. But otherwise it’s perfect!!!
583. I bought this item as NEW, but it was definitely a used and returned item. Very embarrassing since I gave it as a gift! For the price I paid, it should be new. BUYER BEWARE!! Not all items were in the box, which means no instructions or information.
584. This is the best pumice stone i have ever bought. It doesn't wear out easily like most other files. I will be gifting these for chirstmas in people's stockings
585. It definitely does it's duty. I add a scoop with my laundry pod and you get an extra clean
586. I bought this bag to create a trauma kit specifically designed for treating gunshot wounds (civilian living in area with frequent gangpolice shootings and minimum of 15-20 minutes until medical attention, assuming you carry victim and drive them to hospital, as paramedic help would take hours to arrive). I could not find a pre-packaged trauma kit with the supplies essential for providing care in this situation, so I read quite a bit and made my own. This bag was the perfect size to house the supplies.To give an idea of what fits in the bag, I've included how I packaged it (see pictures as well):Left pocket: Large supply of latex-free gloves and extra ziploc bagsRight pocket: severe trauma items (Celox granules with applicator for internal bleedinggunshot wound, Israeli bandage, and tourniquet)Central pocket: Celox granule packets, headlamp, shears, CPR face shields, emergency blanket, 2x3 non-stick pads, 4x4 gauze pads, compression bandages, gauze rolls, medical tape, 5x9 trauma pads, tampons (to stuff gunshot wounds), HyFin Vent chest seals (2 - for entry and exit wound), and petroleum jelly (in case of multiple sucking chest wounds at same time, can be used with gauze pads taping 3 sides to allow air out and prevent from entering)I also purchased the MegaMover 1500 portable transport unit due to being in a setting where the victim would need to be carried a significant distance to reach the nearest road. It does not fit in the kit, but we store them together. Thankfully, we have not had to use anything since making the kit, but after someone died last year due to delayed medical attention after being shot by police, we felt it was essential to have a kit that could save someone's life during those ~20 minutes before a professional can take over.In addition to being the right size for a trauma kit, another plus of the bag is that it has the universal medical symbol on it - something that signals to police and gang members alike that you are there to provide medical aid and do not pose a threat.
587. I really like these insole! It help my walking gait, and relieved the pain I was having.
588. I was very impressed on how great this tasted when prepared as normal spaghetti.  Great for those looking for low carb solutions with added healthy choices.
589. I like the tissues very much. My only issue is that the box designs are a little bit blasé.
590. Perfect size and love the features. I looked this better than my $45 verilux model.
591. I got this for my wife she’s in beauty school she loves it, she is very happy with it!
592. I am very pleased with the fragrance of this product. The dog crate can get a very musky smell  and this is a godsend. Once daily I spray the crate with this product and wipe it down thoroughly and the musky scent is gone. I use it on the tile floors and rugs in the house as well. It's a great product. As for &#34;keeping a dog away&#34; I can't know for sure about that. I can say they shouldn't return to the spot because of the odor.
593. This spray works great on shoes that have “that wanky smell” to them.  I sprayed some Sketchers ankle boots that have had that smell since the day I bought them a year ago.  It was frustrating that new boots came with that smell, but they were comfortable so I tolerated them. So I sprayed just 2 pumps into each boot and let them sit overnight.  First off, the minty smell of the spray was very nice, secondly, in the morning the boots did not have that wanky smell anymore, thirdly the minty scent lingered in the boots, and 3 days later the boots had no wanky smell and no minty smell.Amazing.  It has been a couple weeks now, and I have worn the boots 6 times.  That wonky smell never returned - it it wonderful.  This spray is fantastic!
594. I received this light about a month ago and it is fabulous. It's very bright for its small size which is what makes it great. I use it in a small bathroom and so I'm close for at least 30 minutes in the morning. It has made a big difference in my mood and attitude. I feel brighter and lighter. I wish I had bought it months ago.The light is lightweight so I can move it around from place to place without any issues. I think if I wanted to use it in a larger room or further away from me, I'd buy the larger light. But, this is perfect for me in the close space in which I use it.It was very easy to put together and even though its a lightweight plastic cover, its very sturdy and durable.Worth every cent it costs.
595. It's great when it works but I have tried to charge it up the last two days and it will not take a charge.  Very disappointed.
596. Port City Pomade Beard Oil and Leave- In Conditioner comes in either 1 ounce or 2 ounces. I got the 2 ounce bottle. It comes with a dropper top. This is how you get the beard oil out. Drop 2-5 drops in your hands and then apply to the beard. Port City Beard Oil is certified organic with all natural ingredients. The bottle stands about 1.5&#34; wide and 4.75&#34; tall. Port City handmakes their products in a barber shop in the USA. The product is hypo- allergenic and Non- toxic.This oil has been so great for my husbands beard and also his skin. It leaves his beard soft, smooth and tamed. This oil enhances the health of the skin and beard and helps immediately and long term, the more he uses it, the less he needs it. The smell is compared to a woodsey smell and I disagree. I normally think of a pine smell for woodsey and this isn't. It has a nice unstrong smell... I like it and can handle it.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my full, unbiased and honest review. I test every product before reviewing. My experience may not match everyones but my experiences are what I base my reviews on. If you felt I was helpful, please click yes below. If not, please comment and offer a suggestion on how I can improve my review for you.
597. They fizz and smell really nice but the bomb is too small for a regular bathtub, you barely can tell it mixed with the water, if you drop two it's good, if you are willing to mix the bombs of the box or get two boxes.
598. I had recently bought some inexpensive sleep masks and instantly felt the difference in quality when I received these.These are so much softer and silkier than my other pair, they really feel like a little pillow on your eyes. The strap to adjust the tightness in the back doesn't look the nicest but it's functional.They're very opaque so they block out the light well and don't feel heavy on the face. They're also a good size so no light filters in through the topsidesnosebridge Definitely comfortable to sleep intravel with.The fact that they're silk is an added plus for anyone concerned with damaging their eyelashes or even eyebrows in their sleep.Great sleep masks!
599. GREAT WILL PURCHASE AGAIN
600. It was ok, but not great..
601. This is my favorite scent.
602. These wipes are great!  I love that they are flushable.  They clean well and have a pleasant scent.  These are portable packages.  I like the idea that you can throw them in a bag without having a bulky, plastic, space hog container. After problems with the septic tank, these are not good for the septic tank. I'm sure they eventually dissolve but not right away.You must know... The listing says it comes with 12 packs, it only comes with ONE.  In which case, you have to return the one package to receive a credit.  I didn't return mine in time, therefore, I paid $22+ for only one pack of wipes.  Not sure how this became my fault, but it is what it is.
603. This cup mixes powdered drinks well.
604. just the right length.  Very sturdy.  I am happy
605. The taste is awful!  And you can’t return them.
606. I received this product discounted in exchange for a review--I state this disclaimer upfront because that's what I would want to know first, and I too am disturbed by the ratings inflation on Amazon for IEF reviews lately. I do not indiscriminately give 5star reviews, and they are only given for a fraction of products I try that I find are exceptional and I would buy myself at FULL price.  If you wish not to view IEF reviews such as this, click on the filter link to the right of the review section, and then click on &#34;verified purchases only&#34;; that will take most of them out.I don't profess to be an expert on essential oils, but after reading some of the other posts questioning the purity of this brand's lemongrass, I ran the suggested tests and got the same results.  That being said, for my practical purposes, I use it as part of a homemade insect repellent, along with other tree oils, on me and the dog.  It's been working well, and the product smells good to me--very lemongrass-y.  Maybe I'm not as discerning as other people, but it works for me.
607. Use this to soak all white clothes, especially little league white sliding pants. Takes out every kind of stain.
608. Dull after a shorter period of time than another brand, plus there is no inner nail cleaner part.
609. Small. Did not use for crafting..
610. I bought this product to improve my muscle mass and tone as exercising doesn't seem to be enough
611. So this product definitely works for eliminating the odor in your shoes. HOWEVER, it doesn't prevent your shoes from getting stinky again after a long day. For that I've actually had much better success with a powder product called Gran's Remedy. It works. But while just using the powder, your shoes might have a little bit of a smell by themselves after a time, so if you really just want to kill the smell of your shoes while at home or something, this spray will definitely do that. I think it is pretty nuclear though, so try not to be downwind of it.
612. I use this on my shoulder and upper arm because of pain from a torn rotator cuff.  Works well and stayed on even during a shower.  Was able to remove quickly wo pain... great product..  does what it says it can do..
613. Took over 2 months to receive.  the rolls are smaller than a regular roll of toilet paper.  a roll would fit in the palm of your hand.
614. I have a old electric Braun oral B tooth brush I was not using.Now I decided to recharge it and use it, but I thoughtMy older brushes were too stiff , so I ordered these as it says there soft!There just as hard as my old Braun tooth brushes, but these have smaller brushing area on Brussels.
615. Easy installation.  Definitely improved grip on slippery surfaces with my dress shoes. Wish darker colors were available for mens shoe bottoms.
616. Able to relieve lower lumbar discomfort while sitting in office chair.
617. Best way to try a variety of detergents! Amazon sample box plus credit toward your next detergent buy is smart, thx Amazon!
618. Well, I've been trying out various protein shakes to try and have something readilyavailable for meal replacements.  Thanks to some mobility problems, I can't get to the refrigeratorwhen I get hungry, so having something available where I am was important.We've tried several flavors of Spiru-tein shakes now.  We got various packets,and got a whole can of the egg nog.  If you like the egg nog that comes in the wax cartonslike a quart of milk during the holidays, then you will like this one.I needed something that would mix well and taste okay with WATER, not milk, as I cannotget to the milk. We tried this one both ways, and I love it both ways!The milk made it taste like a creamy cup of rich eggnog from a carton - definitely not like a diet shake.The water made a very tasty version also - I use a shaker with a blender ball (vs a blender),and very cold water. I shook it like crazy, then let it sit for a minute.  It mixes very easily,and I had no problems at all with the shaker. The result was a super creamy shake, thick enough todrink with a straw if desired. It has a nice nutmeg aftertaste. The color is eggnog yellow (why mentioncolor? Some of Spiru-tein's shakes have some funky colors!), and totally acceptable. It coated the blender cup as well.The only downside, if you can say there is one, is that it uses fructose as a sweetener. I preferstevia myself.  At least it is not aspartame, which would be a deal breaker. It uses only ONE scoopper 8 ounces of liquid, and has 120 calories, 14 grams of protein and 15 grams of carb (making it a littlebit on the high side of the carb). However, it also has choline and inositol in this flavor, which addsto the fat burning potential.I don't drink this to bulk up, rejuvenate after lifting weights, or any of the athletic uses.I am using protein shakes as meal replacements to help shed some weight. So, the relatively lowerprotein (compared to the muscle shakes) suits me just fine.They say this is a holiday edition.  They need to offer it year-round. It is fantastic!A definite favorite in our house, with six thumbs up.We'll definitely buy this one again!
619. This product is not for consumption and this information was not indicated in the description. I will never purchase from this company because I may get another product that I can’t use. The fact that you are unable to return products is another reason I am an unsatisfied customer.
620. Cheaper than my insurance copay. Works great.
621. I specifically purchased this to wear over an N95 mask.  There is no way I would use this on its own. Its the same type of material as most of my T shirts. You can see through it if you hold it up to the light.I took a picture of this next to a standard disposable mask and a 3M N95 mask as well as a picture of it stretched over an N95.  It doesn't cover it completly and requires it to be stretched a bit but it works alright and the wrap over your ears is slightly more comfortable than elastic.The sowing of the seems is well done and the material is about the same as a good t shirt.  So far they are working ok. I would like them slightly bigger but they work and seem well made.
622. Great line up with this combo-travel pack. Everything can easily slip into bag so you can have freshy fresh breath on the go. This is an interesting taste. I taste clove and mint. All 4 kids use it without complaint too and we all agree it makes our mouths feel super clean.
623. First thing I did was look up what capsimax is. It is a proprietary blend with most likely black pepper, caffeine, niacin and capsicum extracts. It is not known exactly what is in the blend. It is a secret. Like the colonel's. Green tea, of course is a stimulant, like caffeine. The other ingredients are a laxative, garcinia cambogia, glucomannan - a fiber, and turmeric. Nothing bad is listed but because you don't know exactly what is in capsimax, it makes it difficult to know what you are taking. You should get hunger control and thermal benefits.
624. Taste strange and upsets my stomach, which usually nothing ever does.
625. I don't like putting this on my showerhose. It adds extra weight, and that would seem to be detrimental to the shower hose. I like the ones that are built inside the shower head. To me, this is less strain on the hose. But, I like the job they do in the shower.
626. This is a dismal failure, in my book. The shape isn't quite right, so I am missing something that apparently others were impressed by. It has an angry buzz, as you'd expect from a vibrator, but that doesn't seem to translate into satisfying stimulation. Some texture on the plastic might help. Also, the body is poorly sealed. Around the insertible section it is properly seamed closed, but the rest of the body has a gap.My recommendation os you find another vibrator.
627. This smells wonderful, but the scent does not last.  the wax only lasted for the day and the laundry detergent smelled great but didn't last.  You can tell this is a knockoff of the original.  I'm not bashing it, but you get what you pay for :)
628. They are nice bags. I am using them in my litter genie.  They are much less expensive than the refills and are just as good to hold kitty poo.  I will buy again
629. Love it I run home to it every day...I liked it so much I purchased my best friend one too.
630. I have had problems with nerve irritation in my legs from pressure. I don't have enough fat in those areas. Helps cut down on sciatic like pain. Good product exactly as described. Fast shipping.This is an edit to above. I gave the product the benefit of the doubt. It was not like the  ad photo. It was flimsy plastic with blue water and some little soft plastic beads inside. Where pressure was applied, all liquid shifted to another section. Like sitting on a balloon half full of water. It also started to leak after the first week and I only weigh 190 lbs. Flimsy and not gel filled.
631. Great customer service and works great. Took the tarnish away quickly!
632. Sadly in this crazy year we all got to know face masks all too well. Thanks to COVID this has become a common day task that we wear these at work or out and about on errands and such. For some tasks I prefer wearing washable cloth masks and for others I prefer using a disposable type. In this pack you get 10 reusable, washable face masks for just $10, and as they say, you get what you pay for.The basically have the look and feel of disposable masks. They are three ply masks and are made of 2 layers. They are not adjustable in regards to the ear loops but you can adjust them at the nose a little bit with a nose clip. The material claims to be cotton but it is not the best material to be honest. I for one really do not like these very much. These are like back-up masks in my eyes when all my others are in the wash.I am sadly very underwhelmed with these. Thankfully they didn’t smell, that would have been too much if you ask me. These will provide at least following any mask mandates but I doubt there is any kind of serious protection with these.
633. I have chronic Lyme.  My Doc suggested this for immune system.  This stuff works!!  But it's 4 star because lactate sensitive women needs to be careful taking this. I have tried so far 18 teaspoon because I am super drug, chemical sensitive, even some herbs.  I feel still yet effectiveness from this liquid even very small dosage.  I will gradually increase dose to see how it works.  Very good stuff!!
634. Eternal Clear High Frequency Facial Machine| Skin Therapy Wand w Neon | PortableHandheld High Frequency Facial Wand | with4 Neon Powered Glass Tubes for Skin andScalpMy wife and daughter were very interested in trying a high frequency skin therapy machine.There are quite a few on the market, all ranging from very expensive, to super cheap. However,this one had good reviews and the price was fair. So, they decided to try it. They were veryimpressed with the results.My daughter is an athlete and sometimes her skin will break out. With this machine, she cantarget her break outs, and eliminate them much quicker than with most acne treatments. My wifehas fine lines that she wanted to work on, and this machine definitely made her skin looksmoother than before she used it.They both think that with continuous use, they will see even better results over time. Therefore,based on its performance and its price, this is definitely worth the money. Five stars!
635. Good product, well made.
636. The manual says that you can change the display to fahrenheit, but no matter what I did it stayed in celsius. I would set it at the hottest setting, and it still wasn't as hot as the Revlon it was replacing that used to heat to 410 (before it died). I liked the lock setting and it was comfortable in your hand, but had to return it due to the heat issue.
637. For the price, Ok
638. Bought this electrolyte mix to use during a hike in Maine called the 100 mile wilderness. This is the last 100 miles of the AT. The recommended usage is 1 Packet per 16 oz of water but since the mix sweetness and flavor are very strong I ended up using one packet per 64 oz of water (2 Liters). This worked well because the continuous non-stop effort necessary to lug a 41lb pack up and down mountains for 8-10 hours per day requires constant intake of electrolytes. You can't just drink 16 ounces before starting and be good to go all day. You can sweat almost a liter of water per hour when its over 70 degrees and your exertion is high. Along with that sweat goes your electrolytes.Sodium (0.9 gramliter)Potassium (0.2 gl)Calcium (0.015 gl)Magnesium (0.0013 gl)I have depleted my electrolytes many times during training and on a long hike. It's not fun when your muscles no longer relax or begin to contract all by themselves. It can become very dangerous in fact.During my 100 mile hike on the AT this mix when combined with a tad bit more sodium from Himalayan Sea Salt worked well. I felt muscle fatigue but no cramping the whole time. The reason I added sodium is because this mix doesn't have enough. 90mg per packet of Sodium is just too little of an amount and this would make you rely on salty snacks to replenish what you lose in sweat. Despite that I chose this mix based on a ketogenic diet youtube influencer review. Despite the fact that Glucose can help you absorb electrolytes better I wanted to try this no sugar alternative.My take is this:Next time I will use a mix with real sugar in it rather than something with an alternative sweetener. The stevia  monk fruit combo in this mix was good but a bit too sweet for me and may have attributed to some digestive issues  along with the high potassium content when used in a stronger concentration.The last day on my hike was over 20 miles and it was non stop go go go. I decided to mix one packet per 32oz (1 Liter) for a stronger electrolyte compound as I was losing lots of water through sweat. After ingesting two liters over a 4 hours period, each with a full packet, my digestive system went full steam ahead and this was not good. The rest of my night was all about the bathroom!
639. It was love at first brush!!!I've been using the Apalus brush a few times a week for a couple months now.  It's easy to use, saves me time, gives me great results (I have &#34;fluffy-puffy-frizzy&#34; hair if I don't load it w products and punish it w heat!), and it's a lot less damaging than the flat iron.  I usually use my flat iron to tame the shorter hair in the front, but as for all the rest of my hair, it's lovely!
640. I could not get past the taste of these supplements. I can't really comment on how well they work because they tasted so bad that I couldn't keep them down. If I need these again, I will not purchase this brand.
641. While YMMV, I found this unpleasant to use and very irritating to my sensitive teeth. I've tried others and had a similar problem but this was almost right out of the gate. The pen is harder to use than a tray or strips because it's hard to get into nooks and crannies but they generally do work. I just couldn't deal with the sensitivity. A hard no for me!
642. Excellent tool and doesn't hurt my nose!
643. Curls my eyelashes like never before. Most amazing one I've owned
644. In my opinion, these pre-rolls work just as well as their more expensive competitors. Definitely a great buy, especially if you want to save few bucks
645. This is very sturdy foot stool.  The handle makes it much safer for reaching the cabinet.  Mom is less than 5 feet tall; perfect for her to reach pantry shelves safely.
646. Product didn't work for me.  I require a high temp to style my hair.  It really doesn't get hot enough . May be fine for others but not for me.
647. Works ok for walking around, I work long hours in retail, do not recommend for work. These seem to wear out fairly quickly under the pressure of 14 hour days.
648. Time in front of the computer and general wear and tear so sometimes I have a real problem with my neck. Unfortunately it affects my shoulders, back, arms and hands too so I'm always looking for something to ease the tightness. This works well and is easy to use. It's adjustable so I have options and stores in a small space. It's a regular 'guest' in my suitcase when I travel and I don't leave home without it anymore.
649. my only regret is not buying more! (just need 4 more!)
650. From what I can read this is just some coconut water and stevia. Is it really hydrating?
651. Straps were twisted and I couldn’t get it untwisted now matter which way I turned them.  Not too comfortable as straps go under bust.
652. I love this natural deodorant! No rash, no musty smells, and no worries! I'm new to this but my guy has been using it for awhile and swears by it and has gotten me on it too! Adrinathevegan approved!
653. Velcro failing already during couple of weeks use, Polyester material sticks to velcro and does not hold. Failing both sides. Comes off easy and can not wear any longer. I am not regular user, at an average once in a two days
654. I hate cardboard Emery boards and I don't like the way the glasscrystal boards feel either. This is a great alternative to those and I find this much easier to clean as well. Feels comfortable in my hand and gets the job done on my nails. Definitely my favorite nail file.
655. I can't say that I see a lot of difference in the way my toes align, and since I can't wear these with shoes, I can't use them for very long.  As with all things body oriented, YMMV.
656. Love them, much better than others I have tried. Nice and big too, work on glasses, and all screens for I-Pad, Fire, Smart Phone etc.Recommend them highly!
657. This is highly reviewed by top cancer doctors and they have well documented case history on this vitamin d. Excellent for getting d up quickly and into your lymph system! TASTE GREAT! My bottle cames sealed and fresh!
658. Great product and fast delivery
659. Didn't work very well for me I found if my face got warm I had to reapply.
660. Nice scaleShould have included batteries
661. This stuff is awesome! Great value for a great product that really helps moisturize my lips.
662. Love this product, won't use any other.
663. Recieved on time, exactly what I needed
664. The product description says firm foam. This is a joke there is no firmness at all a one-year-old could squeeze it into a tiny little ball. Total waste of money
665. I needed affordable cases for my shooting glasses, that were a bit more substantial than the pouches that usually come with the glasses.  They need to survive being tossed around my range bags, gun cabinet, backpacks and cars.  My , , and  fit into the case perfectly.  The don't rattle around inside, and are held firmly in place.  The zipper is easy to open and close, and the whole case feels like quality materials - remarkable, considering the value price of the case.  I'm glad I picked up this case, and will be sure to order a few more for the rest of my protective shooting glasses, and sunglasses.
666. comfortable for sure.it will eventually fall off. but since it cheap so it is ok to use it as disposable.but the problem is the glue start to ooze out and get everywhere which is a pain to clean bc it is silicon.
667. Absolutely AMAZING!!! If you like “digging thumb deep” shoulder and neck rubs, you’ll love this. And it doesn’t get tired! :)
668. Very small don’t be fooled by the picture you are getting what you pay for though
669. Brush head is a little small but it works.
670. My blepharitis was making me crazy. These are easy to use and work like they say.
671. I am revising this review after 6 months. The words on the top of the covers have mostly worn off, so I have reduced the stars to 4. It isn’t a big issue for me but someone with memory issues may find this problematic. I have also traveled with it now and it travels well... no spilled pills.... original comments are still accurate; At first I thought it was too big and bulky, but then I realized that it really doesn't have a larger footprint than the one I'm using now. But it does hold more pills! And it will be easier to fill, no lids in the way. And there is less chance of spilling. All the containers are secure in the white box. Also the slider lid is more secure than 4 little lids that can pop open. So all that said... Its a great BIG pill organizer and I’m keeping it!
672. It's just like pouring a little oil into your coffee.  It floats on the top in circles of oil.  This has a little bit of creamer effect but not much and I think it's awfully expensive.  As of this review one box of these non-dairy MCT Oil Creamers costs $27.00.  I'm not on a ketogenic diet, but if I was I think I'd buy a bottle of MCT oil and add it and just drink my coffee black.  It's o.k. but nothing to write home about.
673. This used to be my go to bar for breakfast since I have multiple allergies. Easy two boxes a month. My December order has the &#34;new&#34; formula (not stated that it was &#34;improved&#34; in any way) that after one bite gave me major gi distress and made me vomit. I knew by taste there was a nut in it that I could not have and sure enough, it has hazelnut extract in it. I am so bummed.
674. What makes a hand warmer better than others?I'll answer that1. Speed to warmth - this hand warmer gets warm fast, how fast?  After turning it on, it's at full temperature in under a minute2. Speed to charge - this hand warmer because of the usb-c connection charges very fast.  Haven't used it to dead, but never seems to be out of a charge3. Comfort in your hand - this hand warmer is smooth to the touch and the curve makes it really easy to hold.4. Other - you can use this hand warmer to charge your devices via USB when you're not warming your hands.  It's huge battery makes it possible to charge anything! Works well and charges pretty fast  My iPhone charged great.I'm happy with the hand warmer and have already had 2 people buy this exact model after liking it so much.I think it's good, and you'll be happy.
675. This one is made really nice for the price. I was skeptical after finding these for 4 times the price but this one is made very well.
676. Awesome cause I can stomache drinking apple cider vinager
677. I am so sad that this product tastes so nasty.  I don't know what I'm going to do with a whole container of it now.  I really liked the yellow and orange versions of this brand probiotic.  I am trying to shed some of my covid pounds now, so I gave this one a try since it's the 'slimming' one.  I can put it into a smoothie, but to take it straight is so gross.  The whole allure of these probiotic fast dissolve sticks is that they are portable, single portions, individually wrapped, that you can take on its own without water or anything else.  The other two flavors I mentioned taste great!  This one unfortunately, I cannot take on its own due to its taste.  I have no idea if it works as a probiotic since I haven't used it and don't think I will be able to--- the other flavors work well and keep our tummies nice and comfortable.
678. I am now buying ALL of this line and just have to say, it is the BEST thing I've bought on Amazon. I am not kidding. Let me explain. This is has a lovely light scent that just SMELLS AMAZING. I don't even just use this on myself, I also use this on my smelly chihuahua.  She loves it so much she's always trying to lick it off of my feet. Oh, that. I put it EVERYWHERE. Now no smelly anything after exercise, or from sweat, or anything else. I even dilute the body wash and use it as air freshener!! I wish it were also a cologne. If they would just make this scent in a shampoo, cleaning products, just everything they'd make with this scent and this ability to eliminate odor, I'd buy it. It's  a WOW product!
679. Mostly baking soda with almost no mint flavor. But they don’t dissolve. You could just travel with a baggie of baking soda for the same experience.  Very disappointing.
680. I've been buying this particular mineral supplement for 5 years. I did a lot of looking around and research of both the mineral supplements and the companies, and I thought Solaray with their Bone Tone was hands down one of the best. First they have one of the most comprehensive mineral supplements I've ever seen and I have no problems assimlating this, and I am sensitive to supplements if they are too processed or chemically derived.I bought this mainly because I suffered with cavities for many years - after reading Weston Price's book, I thought this plus adding raw milk and salmon, raw nuts and sea weedvegetables,  would help and I have to say it has, thank goodness. I've not had a single cavity in the past 4 years and this is from someone who had at least one occur or reoccur under the filling at least once every two years and at some points in time, every year. Highly recommend.
681. This product is helping me maintain my weight.
682. I feel like these are ok, but not enough a rch support for flat or pronated feet.
683. Product came within days, WELL before the estimated time, it is everything I wanted! Really I couldn’t be happier, I will definitely recommend this seller 💜
684. Did not fit onto any of my 4 eyelash curlers from different brands.
685. Before you buy this, measure the diameter of your front carseat’s headrest pole.  The clamp’s maximum diameter is 0.5 inch.  If your headrest pole diameter is more than that, it won’t clamp properly.  My headrest pole diameter is slightly larger than 0.5 inch, so the clamp can’t completely encircle the pole.Other feature is that a tabletphone up to 7 inches (length or width) can fit.  The holder ratchets up and down to fit device.  A swing arm clamp allows for different rotational viewing.  It just didn’t work for my car.
686. She loves it!
687. The true test of a disposable fork is using it with a tough cut of steak. These have held up well without any of the prongs breaking off. It is nice to know that they are compostable so these can be added in with the compost pile. Great forks (never thought I’d use those words).
688. Great product it definitely is helping with my severe dry eyes. I got to say great quality for me and not expensive and I'm glad I bought this
689. Not very durable but a fun, inexpensive gift for sports fan!
690.  There are six bath bombs in this package as follows:- Tranquility (a.k.a. purple lavender); it is pink- Acuity (a.k.a. chocolate mint); it is lime green- Calmness (a.k.a. chamomile tea); it is yellow- Harmony (a.k.a. jasmine flower); it is white- Romance (a.k.a. la vie en rose); it is electric pink- Happiness (a.k.a. lemon tree); it is yellowThe fragrance of all of them smell similar to me but unfortunately, I cannot describe it. It is like a perfume I want to get rid of.The fizz of these bombs is terrible. See video of the calmness bomb. The yellow color made it look like a floating egg yoke and when it was dissolved, I felt like I was bathing in a tub of urine. The only thing I liked about these is that they are slightly moisturizing. Other than that, I am disappointed.
691. It helped my wife's sciatic pain.
692. For me have been an excellent product, increasing my mass and power
693. Good quality, great price just as I was expecting.
694. As of this review this electric candle lighter costs $7.99, which I think is a reasonable price for it.  It works well but is not as durably constructed as some other ones that I've reviewed.  However, it works very well and is nice to have when needing to light candles or even the gas ignitor on a stove.  It comes with a USB cord for charging, but the cord I got wouldn't fit into the port on the end of the lighter.  But, since most of us have about 1,000 of USB cords lying around you will find another to fit if yours also doesn't fit.  I'm using another cord and all is well.  Also, I like that it has a small slide switch on the end of the lighter that has to be in the "on" position before it will work.  I just think that makes it a little safer in case a child should play with it.
695. This product actually worked!  I could tell the difference when I took these before bed.  I have IBS and this dealt with the pain and gas.
696. Tried these for awhile. Sponge is a nice size, has a rope to hang from a hook. What makes them nice is the exfoliating size. It's not too harsh and works great. Definitely liking them!
697. I like these
698. Good shampoo-it relatively safe for human use because it is  %organic.  Nice scent.
699. This works like it’s major competition. It smells nice and does it’s job eliminating odor before you go. It is a good value with the two pack .
700. My husband is 71 and this really helps him with prostate issues. He always lets me know when to re-order.
701. Great tissues. A bit expensive
702. For the price, I thought this was the big tube. It was tiny and expensive.  Look for a different brand
703. company should be more careful, and research a bit more on its content. specially one ingredient that's very harmful when prolonged use.
704. Don't leave home (country) without it.
705. Exactly like I expected (like the picture)., All the items came in separated plastic bags whithin the box.  Satisfied customer :)
706. This is a great body scrubber. It's gentle enough to use every time you shower, but it exfoliates really well too. There is a cellulose sponge inside and you can easily remove it and put in a new one when it  is used up. There are a few different textures on the silicone part if you need a different experience. I bet you could run the silicone outer piece through the dishwasher to sanitize it if you think you need to.
707. iron and washed well
708. Label was different than picture, but I guess it is the same stuff.  Seems to be the same as what I had before.
709. Small, not sturdy enough. If you ask me it is overpriced, for half of the price you could find a better cushion.
710. Finish is now wrapped in some form of cover that is very hard to take off.  I am concerned that we eventually drink whatever we put into our water.So, I changed to Cascade powder since I love to measure my product and am not so lazy that I need a pod.Imagine my surprise when I could use the Normal cycle on my dishwasher with Cascade since I had to use Heavy Duty wash when using Finish.
711. Thing has worked good for me. Don't need to use one just wanted to test it. It works for me.
712. It is like a very mild Chloraseptic spray.  I use it, as I do a lot of talking at work.  This helps me maintain my voice.
713. I love these silicone face scrubbers. These are larger than other ones I've used so they're great for cleaning your face easily. Gentle and effective, I suggest giving them a try if you've never used them before.
714. I bought this mat so my family and I could get the benefits of grounding while we sleep and during the winter when we don't go outside much. I decided to go with this product because it came with a book, an outlet tester, the grounding cord, and because the mat looked comfortable.The first 2 nights I used it, I actually kept waking up and didn't sleep through the night which is not something i normally do. I am not sure if that's a coincidence or if the mat had something to do with it?So in my bed i have my fiance, my 5 year old, and myself so I have the mat spread out and centered on the bed horizontally so we could all lay on it.The grounding connector on my mat is located on the top silver part that you are suppose to lay on, which gets a little bit uncomfortable having to lay on the cord. I wish it came with it attached underneath (like it is shown in the pictures)This also makes it more likely to knock the grounding wiring completely off while sleeping. There were several nights I woke up and the grounding wire got detached from the mat. I ended up contacting the seller and they sent me a replacement wire which seems to be working out since then.So we have been using it just about every night for about 1 month now and I don't feel noticeably different, but I also read it could take some time to adjust and really benefit from it.Will keep using and update with any more helpful information I have
715. Paper is awesome.  Arrived 2 days early.  I can't wait to dig in,  valentine cards, alot. Thank You so much for a perfect product
716. I've purchased several Emjoi callous items for friends and myself. THIS model is the BEST EVER!!!  Previously, I used Emjoi's battery-operated model and a different Emjoi electrical model.  THIS is the BEST!  EXCLLENT and my favorite item.  Emjoi makes superior products!
717. Yay I got a winner this time! Should have sent the other ones back but we just used them quickly, lol, because after 2 swipes it was changing time.  These Stick and keep sticky far longer!! I'll be reordering these from now on since I KNOW they work well.
718. I bought this product after my doctor gave me a sample (1) to use with my scleral contact lens.  Since it took 1 tube to rinse my lens I did not try them it on the contacts.  My contacts require a lot of solution to actually remain in the contact to form a buffer over my eye.  When I tried to fill the lens (You have to use a holder) with the LacriPure the solution went all over the place.  The shape of the container is all wrong!  I ended up wasting a lot of the solution and this stuff is not cheap.  Once I finally got it into the lens and onto my eye I found that I was uncomfortable.  It is just saline solution so I blamed the contact.  After many attempts to use it, I have finally come to the conclusion it is not the product for me.  The container the solution is in is all wrong, dispensing the solution all over the place, and there is something in the solution that does not work with my lens even though it is made for my type of lens.  I have wasted 37.00 on this product and can't return because it is past the 30 days.  I use AddiPak instead and find it cheaper and works wonderful.  Don't waste your money on this product.
719. The assay looks great. The pills are the larger size as I prefer. All good.There's an excellent coupon included for more.Better than expected.
720. After trying so many products, I thought those yellow water stains were inevitable and I would just have to live with them. Then I saw this and on a whim, gave it a try. It was effortless to use, did not scratch the bowl, and left me with a sparkling toilet. Why have I never heard of this before? This should be a standard cleaning tool in everyone's house.
721. Received Selenite Generator on time and it was more that I expected. I would recommend this Generator.
722. Perfect for carrying essentials!
723. I need to clean my yoga mat for obvious reasons (see picture) I bought this one based on the reviews and went with peppermint because it's a refreshing and awakening scent; it definitely didn't disappoint! I love this and recommend it not only if your beloved pet thinks she owns your yoga mat but also just to give it a refresh from the funky sweat and other nasty smells.
724. Just dont mistake this for regular solution or you will have red eyes for days.. OWWWW!!!
725. Doesn't really help much in breathing and it definitely does not keep my glasses from fogging up (the main reason I bought these). They're okay but I find I often as not don't use one as some of my masks don't have pleats inside so there is nothing to attach them to and they slip around. I expected so much more of these and am disappointed they don't work as well as I thought they would.
726. Works great, it stays charged longer than I expected. Easy to clean.
727. For 90 servings, I think I paid about $30, and in my view, it was worth it even tho the flavor is mediocre at best. I use it almost daily.
728.  Purchase this unit as an addition to the current unit we already have because everyone in my house is sick and I did not want to transfer germs.  It works great.  The water flosser is excellent, very powerful (can be a little messy because of the force of fluid coming out).  I love the volume that the reservoir holds (over 24oz) and has a lid, to allow you to keep water in between uses.  The toothbrush is a soft bristle brush (I prefer firm), but after brushing for just overa minute, it got rid of most of the debris on my teeth except for the rear molars on the lower right side of my mouth.  The toothbrush is also a good tongue cleaner.  I used it for about one minute and was able to get rid of the majority of the white film on my tongue.
729. Generously sized and lint free, these are perfect for so many cleaning applications. They keep our 3-D printers spotless.Good for electronics and glass.
730. First off, the print is nice and pretty. The mask is lightweight and comfortable, even though it is 2 layers plus a filter pocket. It has the nose metal piece and not much fogging of glasses. The  mask is not clingy and is breathable, ear loops are adjustable. Good value and nice masks.
731. Bought this for family for Christmas and they love it so much they've convinced other people to buy one too! flashes to remind you to drink water and their water intake has greatly improved
732. Results not standard
733. This is awesome! It plugs in so it has great power!
734. The handle feels good and sturdy. They cut well, i can't complain about them at all. overall solid purchase.
735. If you have small feet, these are still too big even though they say they are for children.  I have a 5 narrow and these are too big.
736. This isn’t pure horsetail herb. It contains an unknownundisclosed quantity of dextrin, but, it’s enough to taste slightly sweet. The seller should disclose they’re not selling pure horsetail. If you’re on a low carb diet or suffer from IBS, you’ll have problems. Could be the dextrin is made from wheat, so caution if you need gluten-free.
737. I can't do without this product! I use it for my 4 year old son. Great that I can just flush it!
738. The end could be bigger as I have burned my finger trying to turn. They did give a glove just didn’t put it on. Easy to use and lightweight
739. Pretty standard Tupperware. This is a great bulk option if you find that folks aren’t bringing back your borrowed containers. I just wish there was more than one size.
740. I get these for my daughter bevy as it’s the only way I can get her in the bath. She was lightly scented and didn’t stain my fiberglass tub. They melted like any normal bath bomb and has cute presentation.
741. So I have been taking this for a couple of weeks, and I am not sure if I notice anything or not. It's hard to tell with some supplements. I have have no reactions or side effects from these, so that's a great thing!
742. Doesn't work nearly as well as Heliocare.  It's cheaper, but I guess that's why.  I get burned whereas I don't when I use Heliocare
743. Unfortunately, the other reviews show what is wrong with the Amazon rating system. I knew some were a little too positive, but a few seemed pragmatic. In short, I would not buy this again. For the money, it doesn't deliver and it does not do what I wanted. To begin, I live in America. It only displays temperature in Celsius. Not a big deal, but not optimal. I filled it with room temperature tap water and turned on the heater (with the lid on) to get it to its max temperature of 48 celsius (about 118 F).  It heated for some time and got the water to 32 and then shut itself off. I turned it back on to keep heating. I finally got tired of waiting and got started. It finally got to 44-45 degrees after the better part of an hour. That ended up being hot enough for me. The bubbler is pretty minimal, but it does work and does move the water around. Nothing like in your spajacuzzi. The round massagers really pushed my feel around, so I added a few bath salts for lubrication. That worked better, but it still takes some effort to keep your feet on those massagers. The next problem is that the two rollers that are perpendicular to your foot are too low to reachmassage your arch. Unless you have flat feet, these do not work. They are either level with or slightly below the round heelball massagers. It is physically impossible to massage normal arches with those. On to the pumice wheel. I have calluses on my heels and between a few toes. I have dead skin on my arches and balls of my feet. The placement of the pumice wheel makes it impossible to smooth the lower outside of your heel. I have a 9.543 mans foot, so pretty average. Likewise since there is only one pumice wheel, in the center of the device, about the only part of your foot that can reach it is your arches. I went back and forth, round and round for more than 10 minutes on each foot, I could not see that it removed any dead skin. I worked my heel calluses as best I could (think Houdini) but could not tell it did anything. Everything did function and despite being very light, the motors had enough torque to keep things spinning even with a little pressure. I didn't get out my microscope to see if the red light made a difference, but it did come on. Bottom line, for me, it was not that soothing and you couldn't just relax and let your feet soak because the round massagers push your feet off. I will use hot water next time rather than let it heat and that is OK. What I don't like is that I didn't use the timer and it shut itself off twice while I was using it. I am not returning it but doubt it is much better than the $30-40 devices. I could achieve the same thing with a bucket of warm water and my shiatsu massager on the bottom of the bucket. I am going to keep using it, so if it changes over time, I will update the review.
744. Good product. Happy with purchase. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Only downside is losing a cup-holder.
745. Scam is scam
746. these stickers were so lovely and elegant.  I used them for Christmas cards that were blank inside.  I really loved them and would use them again.
747. its good, just not worth the price imo, better off with 2 20 dollar kinds stacked on top of each other :
748. I have chronic Lyme Disease and have bought a library of books on it.  One of the books that has various doctors from across the world had one of them advising his patients to use this product to help regain some of their lost energy.  I've just started using it and waiting to see if it helps.It has great flavor and I have to resist opening more than 1 package at a time it's that good.  I've purchased bottles of it this past week to give it a reasonable length of time to see results.  I don't expect it to work in a couple of weeks.  Plan on at least a month to see if there is any difference.Only problem I see is the price.  BUT, from what I've read the trees are only in one section of the world.
749. Non recyclable gloves.Hole in 12 gloves within minutes of use.Need I say more?
750. Bought for a standard desk chair. Was far too wide, in spite of measuring. Hated to return but couldn't use.
751. It came broken waste of money too
752. I’ve been using Kendall wipes since 2010. they are one of three that I use when changing my bag. they are gentle on the skin, however oily due to the aloe and citrus extract, so I need to use another product to ensure no  residue is left.  I’m surprised to read that someone said the pads were dry; they are saturated.I always ordered them from Edgepark, who has stopped carrying them. so I bought them here from Medville. They subbed a different product that had alcohol in it and then they wouldn’t take the mistake product back. Amazon had to step in and get my $ back. I wouldn’t ever deal with Medville again, but the Kendall adhesive remover - I can’t imagine not having it as a tool, especially if I’ve used a barrier like an Eakin Seal (sticky.)
753. Was as expected when recived.Id buy from this seller again
754. It works for my purpose and I have it connected to a Phillips oxygen concentrator to get even more ozone out of this generator.  If you connect items to the ozone generator other than the ones provided you will need to purchase an oxygen tubing swivel adaptor.  I have not used my setup to make ozonated oil.  It seemed more cost effective to purchase the oil from a manufacturer considering how much time it takes to make it.  This model provides more power allowing for better shielding and effectiveness a few feet from unit.  The programmed setting are exactly what you need making this easy to use.  It isn't loud.  My reader says 57 decibels.
755. I have only been taking it about 2 weeks but It seems to be working well. Thank you for your good customer service!
756. Well made, solid, unobtrusive product. Helps with small transition from dining area onto screen porch.
757. I love this product! Just received a package of four jars yesterday. Two of the jars were cracked and filled the box with syrup, which also leaked all over my floors and counters. It was a horrendous mess; took 30 minutes to clean up and the floor are still sticky. Obviously, I can't return the two broken jars. They should be replaced (again, proof submitted by photo) and a further accommodation made for the horrendous mess and all the trouble. But again, this is my favorite Yacon and would like to keep buying.
758. The first one that I received was completely DOA.Would not work At All, so I requested Amazon to send me a replacement.They very kindly did so and upon receiving the second unit.... More disappointment.After adding brand new batteries, it would not turn on. I fidgeted around with the lid until it finally was able to make good contact and turn on.But the blades spin SO Slow that it barely cuts any hair at all. It more like pulls your nose hairs *OUCH*And worse still, the metal head gets hot pretty quick which makes using it extremely uncomfortable.It is sadly, the worst trimmer I've every tried. Please look for a better option and save yourselves the hassle.
759. Bang Energy drinks are life. I use to be a Rockstar head but now "all I do is Bang". It's awesome before workouts and a great pick me up during my night shift job. I also love the energy drinks because it has zero carbs which is great for my Keto Lifestyle.  I have tried all of the Bang Flavors and Power Punch is in my top 3.
760. I am THE happiest camper with this flat iron!  Keep it in the console of my SUV.  Worth every penny.  Pick this one to buy.  Others failed me.
761. Have not used it yet. Sorry.
762. My friend and I vacation together  a few days together every year, I have trouble sleeping because she snores really loud. The ear plugs were wonderful, I could barely hear her snoring, i could still hear, but it was a faraway sound. I was really pleased with them.
763. Way too tight around the calf.
764. Exactly as shown
765. What I liked:-Subtle but very good flavor in water (helps me drink more water since I like the flavor)-High in antioxidants which is a real plus for me at my age (going on 65)-Easy to add to water, smoothies, or other drinksI use it twice and day and really enjoy it. I'm sold on powders since they are so economical.
766. Is not working for me. I use too and I am steel with fog in my lents.
767. This's a great product to protect your family from harmful pollutants. I am always driving somewhere keeping busy with my family. I wanted to have something to keep the air in my van clean since their are so many pollutants all around. This device is so nice and simple and efficient. You simply plug it into your cigarette lighter and that's it. The air is cleaner and I feel good. My son has asthma and on hot muggy days he can feel it but he doesn't have as many problems with air quality while we are out since we have been using this product.I purchased this product for a reduced price to give an honest and unbaised review
768. This toothbrush is small enough for my little puppy. It takes time for him to adjust. But he eventually gets used to it. And I know the importance of cleaning teeth
769. I bought one of these to simply light candles. The arc spark gets them burning quickly, without the hassle of a grill lighter. I cannot speak to the long term reliability, however it charged easy off my Mac wired keyboard.
770. Glad to have something soothing to drink when my IBS flares up. I drink this or bone broth on days where my stomach decides to rebel and the thought of food is revolting.
771. I lovet this thing it definitely leave my mouth clean and I recommend it. It's easy to use and very powerful
772. I used to spend a ton of money on capsules and liquid supplements that had Glucosamine, MSM, and Chondroitin. I've recently got them individually from BulkSupplements and I am extremely pleased. I mix them in proteingreen drinks and get the same benefits for a fraction of the price.
773. Good esp for the price
774. I have purchased a lot of Chaga mushroom powder in the past because it is know to be a incredibly powerful anti-viral.  With this weird flu going around the planet I wanted extra Chaga for my entire family to keep our immune systems healthy.  When this Chaga powder with Shilajit powder came up on my list of items I could review I jumped on it.  I've knows about the wonderful health benefits of Chaga for some time, but after reading about Shilajit I knew I wanted more so I have put some on my wish list to order later when this runs low.  Shilajit is know for keeping brains healthy and mild Alzheimer's at bay.  My mother suffered from dementia in her final years and I absolutely do not want to go through what she went through.  This product comes very well packaged and I feel it is excellent quality.
775. Before I ordered I was skeptical because of some of the reviews and pictures showing streaky foundation. I took a chance and ordered it. Before the sponge arrived Sano Naturals sent me an email with a link to a video that explains how to use it. This is by far the best tool I have used to apply my makeup. I am now using less than half the product than I was using with my brushes and foam sponges. And far more hygienic! I simplly rinse with cool water and put back in the little pouch they provide. Using the flat side to pat my foundation on leaves me with a flawless finish with NO steaks or blotches. I use this to blend out my contour, blush, and highlighter also. Thank you Sano!
776. This was delivered with a broken handle so holding it was awkward.  It snarled & pulled my hair.It's in the garbage now.Amazon apologized for damage & gave an account credit.
777. Very nice gloves that protect from hot dishwater and soap. I normally wear a small and these are mediums, but still fit well.
778. In order to be really useful as a mobility device this should be a little sturdier. The plastic is pretty flimsy.
779. I always try to expand on my Syntrax Nectar line at home.  It's just that this Lemon Tea defies all principles of it's category. It's so ridiculously good!  The Lemon Tea is "chuggable".  A full array of flavors awaits you.  This is my favorite, 10 tubs later.  I have taken a liking to the Green Apple as well.In the past 2 years I tried about 14 flavors from 6 different companies now offering similar-sounding fruit  clear or "non-milky" whey isolate products.  Not one even comes close to what Syntrax Nectar has achieved.They also have a line of "Naturals" sweetened with Stevia for people who prefer this sweetener.  I am not a big fan.  However, the Orange, Fruit Punch, and Natural Peach of this line get great reviews.
780. Product is as described. Arrived in a timely manner. I wish it said on the box where it was manufactured- I can’t find it. I think it may be covered up by the sticker
781. Product works fine, but the material isn't that strong. Product flexes way too easily compared to a similar product I have. Pretty small in comparison as well, but I would say this works best for females than males with more mass.
782. Small - cord is short - too small to use in bed - pad did not work
783. They did not taste good at all. Very expensive for what you get. They taste old.
784. This was a life saver for me on my last long trip.  I typciially use a powder formula for my prebiotic, but traveling makes this very inconvenient.  These capsules worked just as well and were easy to use and travel with.  Very effective product that I will use in the future when I travel.
785. This stuff is quite strong, be sure to spray in a well ventilated area as it gives off a strong orange smell.
786. These scrubber body brushes are soft and work great for working up a lather.  They are super flexible and gentle on the skin.  We even tried on out on the dogs (short hair) at bath time.  It did a great job of removing loose hair and dirt.  They rinse clean and dry off in a snap.  I would not use them on longer hair as they would probably tangle
787. Very cool add on for a great little camera. Now I can use a variety of filters.
788. These make a deep grinding noise, almost as if the mechanics are a bit misaligned.  They work fine however.  That’s all that counts!
789. Works Great!  Best thing I have used to remove callus on feet and hands!
790. Nasal sprays, like this, are great to have on hand, especially in the cold, dry air. It's easy to use and instantly moisturizes the nostrils. I am glad to report that while the listing says it is for a pack of 72, I only received one. There's no way I could use all 72 bottles before they expire!
791. Nothing special. A small box of matches with a sorta cute picture of a cat. Definitely not worth almost 7 bucks.
792. Unlike memory foam and certain types of gel’s, this will hold up better because of the hexagonal design in a material that doesn’t really degrade. These provide the best comfort of anything I’ve tried so far, and they stay on easily. Great product!
793. Gift worthy set-comes with long back length silicone scrubber, a hand scrubber poof, a shower cap, and a set of hooks. All packed into a small box. Would make for a great stocking stuffer or as part of a themed self care gift.  I may pick up another set for this reason.Everything is of good quality. I am extra impressed with the hand scrubber loofahpoof. It is rather robust. The longer silicone scrubber takes some getting used to. I have really come around to silicone scrubbers, as they just seem more hygienic to me. And even if you dont use bath wash on it (I often soap up my body, then run this over it), it is lovely on the skin. Gentle, but effective. The shower cap is a nice addition. Use it in or out of shower.No problems with this set. I think it is a great bundle of shower items. If I experience anything else, I will be back to update,.
794. There are times I just cannot get an unpleasant, bitter taste out of my mouth, no matter the products I try - a variety of tongue scrapers, tooth brushes, gels, gargles, and other gimmicks, nothing dealt with that nasty, rancid after taste. If I had the misfortune to wake in the middle of night, I would wind up going through the whole regimen of brushinggargling to get rid of that taste just so I could go back to sleep.Recently I stumbled across the "Tongue Sweeper". It probably wouldn't work, but ok, it was worth one last try. WOW. With the first use, this simple little tool immediately and completely eliminated that stubborn bitter taste. I have to say it again: WOW.Now I use the Tongue Sweeper daily and any time that rotten, nasty taste creeps up. For me a high quality, simple tool, that is unlikely to break, wear out, or need replacing, is well worth the one time investment.
795. Fit a little small, but very pretty
796. Use and use and use there babies.  Easy effective. See through.  Been buying for 5 years.There are so many flooding the market. This is a good one
797. The product was used and had a QC test sticker on it.  That means someone had used the product and returned it
798. Easy to use.Sturdy, easy to hold.
799. Kids wouldn't eat these.  I tried them and I won't eat them either.
800. Living way out in the country, there’a real shortage of salons and folks that do pedicures and foot care.  So, the next best thing is getting the tools to take care of your feet yourself!  This kit includes everything you need to scrub feet and nails, and a rasp for smoothing down callus.  Everything works best after a nice soak in warm water - so make that part of your treatment.  This is a great kit of quality tools.
801. I used to be a bug buffet, but no more. This stuff works! Nice fragrance and lightweight. Highly recommend!
802. This is a pretty good kit for making face masks a bit more tolerable and easier to be honest. For one you get 12 brackets that keep the face masks a bit more of your face. I like that these are washable and reusable. These don’t have a lot of material to them which is nice, makes them feel a lot more airy unlike some others. They do have little snags that helps you snag them onto the face masks, but the snags are not the greatest and it makes it not that easy to attach them to those 3 ply fold-able disposable face masks but you can make it work. More practice eventually leads in better results.Then you get 2 of those lanyard straps which I like. You can attach your face mask to that and when you don’t use it, like if you are out to dinner and you are eating and don’t have a place to put it, you can just hang it around your neck instead. I really like this so much better than any other solution out there like those little wallets for face masks.Lastly you get those ear protectors, little straps that you can attach the face masks behind your head to instead of securing the face masks to your ear and straining your ears. You get a lot of them. These are fairly cheap but they work. You get so many in fact that if they break who cares and you have still so many that you can share with friends, family and coworkers if you are so inclined. All this for $17, not a bad deal really. I think it is worth it and all these little gadgets help making wear masks a little bit more tolerable.
803. This is an excellent set for smoothing calluses or cracked heels. It comes with the rechargeable wand, a USB cable, three pumice heads, a cleaning brush, two foot masks, and two toe separators. I do not care for the toe separators because they hurt and are thick. However, everything else is great. Per the Amazon site, the grinding heads are coarse, regular, and fine.There are two speeds (slow and fast) and a tiny light on the front. The power level is also displayed during use. Operation is super simple. Just make sure the desired grinding head is fully seated and then press the ONOFF button. Press again if the fastest speed is desired. Press a third time to turn off.I did find the grinding a bit ticklish but was able to get through it. This is definitely a keeper. The current price of $12.99 is also excellent for this. Note that the grinding heads can be rinsed under water.
804. This set of 12 bath bombs from MCleanPin is made in China. The back of the box lists the ingredients: sodium sulfate, tartaric acid, deep sea mud, citric acid, sorbitol, mineral oil, plant essence.The bath bombs aren’t labeled with their scents. I wish they were, because I don’t want to look up the product photos every time I want to use one. Some of the colors match, like the white bath bomb for Milk, but I could also see that one being Vanilla (Vanilla is actually blue and purple).Performance wise, I was quite impressed with the fizziness of the bath bombs. They fizzed and floated around the tub for more than 5 minutes! I didn’t expect that, since the bath bombs are on the smaller side.I tried the Cananga bath bomb first, because it’s blue, and I figured that would be the most likely color to stain me or the tub. The bath bomb turned the water a vibrant blue, with a few little specks of gold glitter. Happily, there was no blue residue left on my skin or the tub afterwards. There was a slight gritty feeling in the water as the bath bomb did its thing, but once it was done fizzing, I didn’t notice that any longer.The bath bomb had no fragrance. The whole box of 12 has a slight scent, but on their own, I couldn’t smell anything. I didn’t pick up orange from the Orange bath bomb, or rose from the Rose bath bomb.
805. Before purchasing this, I already made peace with thinking it'd produce even a little bit of smoke, but it doesn't!Sai atomizer + Smoke Buddy = No smokeodor. It's surreal.
806. Love these vitamins. Have not tried them yet but I chose these over many others because I am sure they will help my health problem. Thank you
807. I don't know if it does what it says it doesBut it felt amazing as I was washing my hairDefinitely not too sharp unless you're jamming it into your head
808. Helps with my wife reaching the shower head.
809. As for me is too sweet, I  have used energy shakes before, not as sweet as this... sweet things are not just for me... sorry
810. The gel freezes as hard as a rock. This is not a real high quality ice pack. It'll do, but make sure you pull it out of the freezer after a little bit of time.
811. No problems at all - easy to use and accurate results!
812. Perfect for the window in my foyer.
813. Great product.  Great service.
814. These do well curling my lashes on just one try. I hold them down for about 5 seconds. I think the difference is that the lash pad is made of a silicone material. I've never been a huge fan of curling my lashes. In the past it seems like it has done more damage than it's worth. I decided to invest in a more expensive curler in hopes that I would get better results. I have been happy with this eye lash curler. Not only does it do the curl well and on one try, but it is also comfortable. I don't feel like I am yanking my lashes out. I am able to get pretty close to the lash line and have not pulled any lashes out.  Overall, I like this product enough that I use it almost every day now.  Discounted sample tested for evaluation and review purposes.
815. this stuff is MAGIC! i wore the booties under socks for about 3 hours, and 3 days later my feet started peeling like a snake, and after 5 days of peeling and rubbing in the shower and a little lotion with socks over, i had brand.new.feet! this is not a sandals product while it is working.
816. This is my new favorite bathroom Pre-spray. And I have tried a bunch. I use to love "unicorn gold" but they have discontinued it and the replacement brand Pootanicals from the same company are terrible. They clog and don't spray. HOWEVER this line from Oopee is amazing.Sprays without getting clogged, smells great, covers the "business" , and is reasonably priced. My only beef is that so far of the two I've tried neither smells anything close to their name.Pear smelled like powdery old lady perfume, bleck.Seasalt smells like a faintly fruity soft floral that is just lovely, but not anything remotely close to salty.Of the two I've tried, Id say avoid Pear and I give an enthusiastic thumbs up to Seasalt.
817. I really like using acacia senegal for gut health, and this is a high quality product. Easy to add to any beverage or protein powder mix. Try it!
818. We’ve been eating a lot of one dish meals lately - stews and soups - and it is so easy to just add this to the gravy or sauce as it’s cooking.  Haven’t been using it long enough to report spectacular results - but it makes sense to add collagen when you can, since we lack it as we age.  The bone broth just adds more flavor to our dishes, so we have every reason to continue with this healthy practice.  Good quality product - no negative effects.
819. Works great, keeps items nice and cold.  Just the right size for a big rig!
820. THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY WORKS CORRECTLY IF INSTALLED PROPERLY.  NO INSTRUCTIONS COME WITH THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL WITH THE LOOSE SWITCH CONNECTION WHICH HAS TO BE ON THAT PART OF THE SWITCH WHEN YOU PUT IT IN THE FLASHLIGHT FROM THE BOTTOM.  I FOUND CAREFULLY TAKING THE TOP PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY OFF CAREFULLY OBSERVING THE SWITCH PART OF THE ASSEMBLY, WHICH IS EASY TO LOOSE, AND THEN CAREFULLY PLACING THAT PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, WITH THE SWITCH PART ON TOP, INTO THE BOTTOM OF THE FLASHLIGHT AND THE USING TWO BATTERIES MOVE IT IN PLACE AND SCREW THE BOTTOM INTO THE FLASHLIGHT.  AFTER THIS INSTALL THE TOP WITH THE TWO RAISED POSTS ALIGNED WITH THE HOLES IN THE INSTALLED BOTTOM PORTION.  INSTALL THE BULB AND IT SHOULD LIGHT WITHOUT THE LENS PORTION.  SCREW ON THE LENS PORTION AND WHEN IT IS BASICALLY SCREWED IN THE BULB SHOULD GO OUT.I HOPE THIS INFORMATION IS OF SOME USE AND PROPERLY INSTALLED THE REPLACEMENT SWITCH WORKS FINE.
821. I am truly impressed with the Sui Song, Sacroiliac Support Belt because it is is one of the most versatile and adjustable support braces I have tried. Over the years, I have had many sports injuries and the issues that occur naturally with age. This belt can be used for comforting support of any number of areas from the lower back, sciatic nerve to hip injuries, including the sacroiliac, which is a very difficult area to support.  The velcro is covered with a protective fleece strip, so be sure to remove it, or you will think it's the worst Velcro ever. LOL. Yes, it took me a minute to discover that because most manufacturers don't bother to protect the Velcro. The overall quality is excellent, and this belt can be adjusted to find the sweet spot of soothing relief. With all of my injuries, I would consider myself the queen of pain, and this is one of the best support belts I have found so far, There is nothing else like it, and I highly recommend it for those difficult to treat areas. Now, if I could only find something this good for my shoulder, I would be in heaven!** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
822. Best tasting protein I have ever had! Hands down!!!👍🏽 Must try at least once! Couldn't say the same about any other protein.
823. I am very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend it.
824. PROs:The product arrived at my house sooner then expected like most AMAZON stuff.It worked ONCE.CONs:It's NOT working!I've replaced the wire = still doesn't work.I've replaced the pads = still doesn't work.I've tried every channel = still doesn't work.I've recharged it = still doesn't work.The screen lights.The TIMER counts down.The 'CH', 'TENS' & the chosen TENs' ICON MODE blinksflashes; but, NO FEELing!!!I WISHED I had bought the TENs & EMS unit from the company that made my TIGHT for LIFE KEGEL 8 unit that still works after 20 years of use w a 9v battery.
825. Almost too thick.  They are the correct size but it's hard to get them to stay put.  They also got packed down after walking with them for 2 hrs.  Feet still hurt and got blistered.
826. I try to make a regular habit of having wheatgrass juice on a regular basis, but sometimes when I can not get fresh wheatgrass, it is nice to have alternatives.  Let's see how this measures up.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This wheatgrass powder is freeze dried.  It comes in a re-sealable bag which has a measuring cup inside.  It is a nice green color and smells nice, not as awful as some wheatgrass that I have used in the past in powder form.HOW DO I USE THIS?I have a little cordless blender which is a handheld one for one serving.  I put a cup of cold water in my blender and a scoop full of powder in with it.  I blend one or two cycles to make sure the lumps are gone and then I drink it.FLAVOR?This is not as good as fresh wheatgrass juice, but it is helpful to get fresh green juice into my diet.  It is not like dried grass like some other wheatgrass powders I have used which don't taste too great.  This one tastes a bit greener, if that makes sense.HOW SOON TO USE IT UP?Because this is freeze dried, I opt to put it into a glass jar with oxygen absorbers to seal it when not in use.  Freeze dried powder is important to either use up quickly (like a month or two) or seal it up as I have explained.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a good substitute for fresh wheatgrass if you have not got that option, this powder is handy.  I find it helpful to use in my personal cordless blender to boost energy and get green juice into my diet when fresh is not available.MY RATINGFive stars.  One of the better wheatgrass powders I have tried over the years.  I would buy it again.
827. Cutting back on sugar is a good idea. But some food and drinks simply do not taste good if they are completely sugar free. You need something to add at least a little bit of sweetness to the overall taste without resorting to artificial sweeteners. A product made for the task at hand is Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder.Starting with the nutrition, each four- gram serving of Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder contains three grams of fiber, so this is certainly a plus.  There are 15 calories per serving, which is more than other artificial sweeteners, but still low. The product is vegan and gluten free, too.  I don’t expect much from a nutritional standpoint with any type of sweetener, so this product does rank highly, with the fiber content being its greatest asset.With its other qualities, Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder produces mixed results. It is similar to powdered sugar with its texture. It does tend to clump a little, so if you want it to dissolve with minimum effort you need to sprinkle a small amount into your drink. I didn’t have any problem dissolving it in a cup of hot coffee, but the main problem I had with this is that it doesn’t add much sweetness to your drink. It takes several spoonfuls to make a noticeable difference and if you use this much, the product isn’t going to last long. It is priced somewhat high, too, making the cost per serving a little on the steep side if you use the required amount needed to produce any significant level of sweetness.I encourage anyone to cut back on sugar and if adding an alternative sweetener to your favorite drink will help you achieve your sugar- reduction goal, then Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder is a viable means to achieving said goal. But if you truly want to achieve a sweet taste, then this product is going to fall short because it takes too much of it to reach the required level of sweetness. I usually drink my coffee and tea sugar free, so even a small amount of sweetness works for me. But this product will not be enough for other people, so I am going to give it an average rating overall.
828. good quality &#34;cheaters&#34;am happy with these & the lenses are very clear!
829. My husband likes to stay stocked up on things like this. Our grandkids like to play doctor and he goes through stuff like this a lot. They are great and I would buy them again.
830. Who doesn't like a back scratcher?
831. I like this product, I&#34;ve used it for years because you won't have to scrub out the tub each time you use it.  It prevents scum build up on the tub and the shower.  Smells great too.  I gave it 4 stars because my favorite is the eucalyptus (which I think has a stronger and better smell).  I ordered the Ylang Ylang because it was cheaper.
832. Great for hard candy
833. I would've  given  this product a 5 star rating if two of the outside bristles hadn't broken off after the first use and two of the little rubber tips hadn't fallen off after the second use.But other than the faulty issues, it works great! My hair is really thick, coarse and curly but it still works like a dream! The only issue for me is getting my hair to stay straight near the ends, it tends to frizz up really bad.  But when I am totally finished my hair feels amazing, and it doesn't leave my hair flat and stiff like a board like my expensive flat iron($175) used to. My hair feels bouncy, weightless,  very silky and smooth (except for the ends, I have to go over with a curling iron after I am totally done to get my ends straight ) (even with hair serum and anti frizz ointment being applied on my hair before the brushing begins, my hair turns out amazing!).  I do recommend sectioning the hair first and going over each section at least twice for super curly hair.
834. Easy to assemble and adjust. BUT, cannot get brakes to actually lock when buttons are in lock position.  Have to be super careful.  The worst thing, though, is the knee pad. It is not soft, and has grooves in it, so it actually puts impressions on your knee.  An accessory knee pad is an absolute necessity.  I would return this, but it is the only way i have to get around at all, and of course, this is during shelter-at-home during the Corona virus.
835. Better than any lint rollers purchase at Walmart or other stores!!  I'll be purchasing these regularly!!  I have Shelties in my home - there's always hair to be removed and these work beautifully!!  This is my second order and I'm just as thrilled with the product as I was the first time!!
836. I like the pliability, length and sturdiness of this.
837. I wanted to use this for my two aquariums.  I use well water with a known pH value (state lab & API drop test) with a mixture of reverse osmosis water (also known ph).  I was hoping to pin down my pH in the tank which is likely somewhere between 7 and 7.5, but the API drop tests are hard to differentiate in this range.  So I already had a ball park idea what the answer should be.  These strips were easily a full point too low (acidic when it is definitely basic).  Side note--I was using a pipette to place my drops on the strip.Also, some strips are test side down in the kit.  Others are test side up which makes it hard to keep your fingers off.  They really need to be all down to keep from being contaminated.
838. These shoe covers work well for smaller shoes, but they do not fit my shoes (size 10). My wife and children are able to use them to clean the floor while walking. They mostly stay on the shoes and pick up dust. My only issue is that they do not fit on larger shoe sizes.
839. When you unbox this, you can tell that it's not a very high-quality shaver. Though, I've tried it on my "it's winter and also during Covid times" upper leg hair, and it works okay, but it pulls hair quite frequently, and that hurts! Like all others, I thought I would be able to use it in the shower, but apparently, it's a risk to do so according to the written instructions. So, I won't be using this thing in the shower on my *bikini* area where I intended to use it...where it says it's intended to be used. I'm not quite sure what will happen if I do, and I'm not one for taking chances.I don't like the thought of an unknown catastrophe with a lithium battery, nor do I like my hair being yanked from its roots. I do like having clear and concise specifications and directions. There are none to be found here. So, if you're like me, pass this one by. Otherwise, go for it!
840. Sturdy and cute, really durable and reasonably comfortable. I was surprised at the quality given the low price.
841. This sounded perfect for me.  Unfortunately it really did not work out well because it is too heavy for me to move and I can't climb high enough to step on the chair.
842. Both my bags busted when I tried to use them and I had to reinforce that with tape and they look awful If you feel like this was helpful to you in anyway please click the button below :)
843. I ordered the spiral bound cookbook. The cookbook is great and Carolyn spent a lot of time on tips and tricks for keto baking so we don't have to. The issue I have is with the secondary seller. The spiral comb was too small. You can tell that they cut the pages of a non spiral cookbook and bound it. The too small comb causes the pages to stick out past the cover. Disappointed with that but not with the recipes. Hope the spiral creator does better next time.
844. I bought this for my niece that just turned 12. She's been having some acne on her face, as well as almost everyone else her age. She especially had a cluster between her eyebrows and in her temples as well as on her nose.She has been using this for about a week now and it has already made a considerable difference. She has her first dance in a couple of weeks, and I suspect that she will be cleared up for the dance!She says she has quickly discovered what ends work best for what zones on her face, switching to a different one for different locations to reach and strength.
845. I really like the taste ...freshens the mouth and gums and I see my gums are pinkish as opposed to red ...Definitely does something! Thank you Vitalina!
846. The measurements are only visible the first time you use it.After the first use it is trash you can no longer see the measurements.
847. I love my konjac facial sponge and so will u I promise u that. This is so worth buying I have getting several of these for my family and friends  and they love it just as much as I do. You will get addicted using these because of how it makes your face feel as if you just got out of a spa or facial massage. I use it morning and night. They are different kinds you could get for certain kinds of skin as for me I break out a lot and this sponge help me so much where it does not make me break out and pulls out all the stuff that is on your face and after you're done using it it just feels smooth and soft as a baby's bottom. And it even helps with black heads no lie. This sponge really works. I did get this product at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
848. Very good product.
849. Cute set, exactly as pictured. We actually left them outside after the party since I wasn't planning on saving them and they held up great. They made a nice addition to the decorations in the backyard!
850. This is a great set of balloons I really loved all the soft pastel colors. This has 90 balloons 10 of each of the nine different colors. We just blew this up and had them for decoration. It would make a beautiful arch.
851. Open this over a sink, washer, or tub.  The powder isn't bagged, and will spill out no matter how careful you are while opening the box.  Poured the powder into an old plastic Oxyclean container with a lid.  Noticed there was no measuring cup or scoop included.  Glad I kept the old Oxyclean one.  Haven't tried the detergent yet, hope it works better than its initial impression left.
852. This really helped to get the treatment pin pointed.
853. Just broke on me today.  I guess you get what you pay for. Lasted me about 3 months.I'm 6'1&#34; 225.
854. I purchased this product because I live off of a busy street and need something to drown out the noise while I am trying to sleep.The Dohm does the job however I can still hear a car every once and a while, but it isn't too bad.  You can easily adjust the volume a fair amount by just turning the housing.  (one note about the noise though, despite the claim of white noise being unnoticeable I do find myself having to turn it off if i want quiet)The biggest downside I have found is the machine is always warm to the touch when it is running.  Just a random side note.
855. Indispensable when u have real pain. Caution using this, I would suggest wearing gloves if ur putting it on someone else definitely. On urself only if u have a large area because u'll only be using a few drops at a time & wash hands immediately after application to avoid the burning side effects. Definitely Recommend it!!
856. Previous purchase
857. Loved this product!!!!  I recently had cutibal tunnel surgery.  Was worried this would be uncomfortable putting on and taking off like the Heelbo, BUT this product is MUCH better.  Very comfortable, easy to put on and take off and best of all it stays in place.  I wear it 24 hours a day (yes, even when I'm sleep).  I've washed it a few times with no problem.  I
858. These held up pretty well for the money spent. My daughter who is autistic is obsessed with balloons and these are her current favorite! Will be purchasing again!
859. Temple arms too short; nose piece fell off 2nd day.I got what I paid for...
860. My brother has allergies and has had problems at our house before; we plugged this in his room and not only did he have no problems, he slept like a log.  The unit gives off a slight white noise; it also has a blue light that is a little too much for me but can be blocked, I guess.  We are very happy with this in an old house that has had some mold and pet hair issues.
861. Very easy to use and works very well.
862. I am very satisfied with this purchase. Very nice box, and everything in it seems very nice. Super satisfied.
863. I have been using it since tuesday & it is thursday and I have already noticed my teeth are whiter . I’m impressed .
864. Good product.  Gets my little girl to floss and brush her teeth.  My only issue is that I think it is a bit pricey
865. Love how well they exfoliate and clean!!  Holding up well.
866. Filled it myself with all the first aid essentials - it is a nice size bag making everything easy to access
867. Very soft
868. To be fair, I just bought a bag at local hipster quickie mart in East Austin, not on Amazon. They are kinda what I expected, mildly tasteless, but a good crunch to go with a lunch salad. Unfortunately, the smell had me throw out the bag after about 3-4 chips. It smells like industrial glue. Whether that's from the bag or the chips, I don't know and I don't care. Don't waste your money.
869. Great suction to hold a pretty heavy shower hose. If it seems loose to hold the shower arm, it can be tighten. This is my second one of these.
870. Recommended 3 caps daily dose delivers noticeable results. BrainiLex is a high-end compounding using proprietary and patented ingredients that have shown interesting clinical results.An issue is fishy burps and after taste. It's potent. I found that pairing BrainiLex with Ceylon cinnamon supplement reduces the after-effects.Surprisingly good. Better than expected.
871. These are a snap to get on and easy to clean!
872. nice looking scale, does what it says
873. Light smell. Dark in color. My hair isn't so heavy when I mix oil with leave in conditioner
874. With all the medium , and larger backpacks I need to carry during the week, this epipen carrier sticks out in any pile of contents in the pack, durable and strong nylon , it is easily found if ever I need it again .
875. As stated above. Does work or jean material, not on cloth furniture. Do NOT recommend.
876. Nice small round tablets that are smooth, and go down really easily.  I have bought these repeatedly because they suit my need perfectly.  And the price is great, to boot!!
877. Pro:Works well to dry my hairAppears to be well builtI like the adjustmentsCons:Cannot think of any !!
878. I’m in beauty school I get this for my kit, now my classmates want me to order them some of the same wands for them. When they saw me use it they went crazy and wanted to use it when I was done styling a client. It’s amazing and the price is out of this world and it’s a beautiful wand.
879. I specifically bought this because even after 13 years the plastic hose on my old Waterpik doesn't hang parallel to the wall of the shower, but sticks out into the shower area.  I finally had enough, so I bought this, thinking it was coiled metallic material like on another showerhead we have and would lay parallel to the wall.  This isn't, and it doesn't.  It's thick smoked gray-colored plastic AROUND the coiled metalblack, and, you guessed it, protrudes out away from the wall into the shower stall.I bought this specifically to get the better hose that would lay flat, and Waterpik's web site shows it with that hose very clearly.  It turns out that's an extra cost item, just under $20, not the hose you receive when you buy the shower head.  It's also chrome look so not going to perfectly match this nickel look shower head.I can't say how this works for water pressure other than to say I removed the red flow inhibitor and also the white screw in piece that keeps it in place, and the water pressure was fine.  I never used it with them in, but I know from past Waterpiks it's pretty lame until you remove the flow inhibitor.Other than the hose complaint, it works well enough, and you should be able to find a setting that works well for you.
880. Good replacement for my Waterpik Model 660.  Easy to install.  The shape is slightly different than the original so it doesn't fit perfectly in the holder but it stays in place just fine.  The handle holds the tip perfectly.  As others have noted, there appears to be a slight decrease in pressure but in my opinion not enough to prevent effective water flossing.  Given the price and free 2 day shipping, I think that it is still worth 4.5 stars.  I haven't had it long enough to comment on durability.
881. I love to ease of using. It’s compact so it is easy to take with. Love the choices of sounds. The adjusting light is great. I have the light slowly come on when I set the alarm to come on.
882. only one instead of 4 to a pack which is way too high for 1
883. I will use this coffee mix and mix it with a mug of coffee for the benefits. If I need to add creamer, I will do that too. With me mixing it with my coffee, this should also cut down the taste of the instant.
884. I'd say this is a good deal for occasional use, such as if you're travelling.  The eye mask has begun to fall apart in about six weeks.  It's handy enough, but if you're bedroom is flooded with light first thing (and you plan on wearing it every night, as I do), you may wish to forego the ear plugs and spend $20 on a more durable and more comfortable eye mask.
885. I left the black pair in a jacket pocket and then washed and dried the jacket. The glasses and the case survived undamaged. ‘Nuff said!
886. I developed acid reflux after years of using sinus sprays for allergies.  Which..... you know, that is NOT a good trade off, just saying.. So I tried the OTC acid reflux meds like Prilosec and one that creates a bubble raft ?? so acid stays down?  (last one was gag-worthy)But nothing really helped enough to keep using them.  I got a full coverage mattress wedge and that helped a bit by physically raising my upper body at night.  I started taking probiotics, which also helped.But I started using this Pepzin GI (on a whim more than anything) and this is what works for me. I love this stuff.  I think it took them 2 weeks to get the last order to me, which was not cool since Id run out  and then suffered for a week straight, but I apparently didnt read the delivery info.  Not  their fault, mine.  Just make sure you dont run out before ordering!Im sincerely amazed at how well this controls the acid reflux.
887. Love these! I take care of my elderly mom and these are perfect for inbetween wash ups!
888. This item was a huge disappointment.  It is so thin and flimsy that you can hardly get a grip on it and it is very slippery and uncontrollable when trying to use it.  I bought it because you got 2 and they cost less than just 1 from Sephora.  But this is just one of those times you get what you pay for. I love the one I got from Sephora.  It is basically the same size but Sephoras silicone is thicker, therefore firmer and much easier to control when using.  The nubs and little soft brush scrubbers seemed to be the same but the Sephora one is just better quality.  The kicker was that I used this brand only 1 time, with makeup remover in place of a washcloth, and the foundation that was being removed actually stained the little brush like nubs!  So this is some very cheap quality, porous silicone material.  I have very sensitive skin so I like using these little gadgets as they are much less rough on my skin than a washcloth.  I only use this item for my makeup removal and find it is gentle enough to even do my eyes, with appropriate cleanser of course.  I have had mine from Sephora for a couple years and it is still like brand new.  I wanted a couple more for my travel bag.  I will be heading back to Sephora to stock up on a few more of theirs.  These two are going straight in the garbage.  The poor quality concerned me also as to a possible health risk.  No way of knowing the standards, chemicals and materials that were used as these were made in another country.  Not worth returning them.  The packaging was completely in Asian character print.
889. It comes with hoses and suction attachments that you have to put together in order to use it.  The suction gets diminished having to go through the long hoses.  We had to put it at level 10 just to get the snot out of the toddler's nose.It works, but it's a lot of work to use and clean.
890. One thing is certain, these are well made cheater glasses but not for me.  The frames, which are very nice and stylish, are too small for my head (6'4" male).  They look super cute on my partner though, although she needs a slightly higher magnification than the 1.5 I use.I did notice that these seem to have a much closer depth of field for me.  Most Cheaters let me sit back from my monitor screens and be able to see out about 4 feet, these seem to be under 2.  Once things are within 20 inches or so, they are amazingly sharp and clear, but not until it gets that close.The price is great, 3 for $15 is about as good as it gets, and these are very well made for that price point.  I am actually fairly new to cheaters but finding that I definitely need them from time to time, so I am keeping these are emergency backups in the office, car, and home.  Can't beat the price, and I actually used them for some clay work I was doing because of their razor sharpness.
891. I bought these to help decorate for the Easter Season. The colors are extremely pleasant and come with ribbons to hang. The do require some time to open up. It was somewhat difficult to keep the middle of the pom at exactly the halfway mark while opening the pom. One of my poms turned out a little lop-sided because I was not exactly centered while opening it. But, once opened and fluffed they are quite pretty.
892. Seems to be a quality brand as I like a lot of their products that I’ve tried. This is good added to a smoothie, juice, soup, baked goods. It gives a nice color to recipes as well as added health benefits.
893. Using this lowered my cholesterol 50 points!
894. I got this for my husband. He just showed interest in trying a shaving brush after I got him a beard soap, so we're lacking experience here. I'm pretty confident this will last a lifetime considering how often he'll probably use it, but it appears well made. It looks just like the brush the previous reviewer posted. I would've liked a darker wood with more grain, but I knew there would be variations. I'm not deducting anything for that. I'm just not sure if $49.95 is a good price? Maybe if it lasts forever. This was nicely boxed for gifting.
895. I wound up just taping it up where I wanted it, because I needed it! The holder itself is slightly tapered and holds my Waterpick handle just fine, but even without the shower head on it, it falls of in middle of night. I just used some 3M foam tape that is water resistant to attach it - functions fine and less hassle than returning and trying to find something else!
896. I highly recommend this product. It really makes you sweet and reduces inches in your upper body.Weare it whenever you're going to workout.Sometimes, I also wear it overnight, when I sleep; you'll see the difference.
897. Good as I thought
898. Get ready to hurl!  Thought I'd save a few bucks and try this but ultra is far and away a better product
899. I bought this for pooping in the woods because I like a clean bootay and I don't want to leave lots of TP and wipes in the woods, even if buried. But you know what, I use this at home and I love it. Clean as a whistle.
900. We both likes this product, but, for us it was not thick enough.
901. Love this product!!!! Will order more. So easy to use & stays strong
902. These are OK but not as good as promised.  These particular ones have kind of high arches and even though they're soft and squishy they don't really protect your feet that much if you're on them all day.  Of course as someone with diabetes my feet aren't all that great anyway so maybe for more normal people they help better.
903. It's like having a super-loud fan in the room, without the air blowing. I love it; I think it blocks out neighbors and the TV in the other room and occasionally, even my husband's snoring. But he hates it, thinks it's too loud, and usually turns it off, which defeats the purpose. There's no volume control; you can twist the side and the top to alter the sound somewhat, so I made it lower instead of higher, but that wasn't enough to get my husband to leave it on.I think it's much too loud to take to work in a cubicle setting.  I was hoping to take it in to drown out annoying co-workers, but I can't imagine everyone would put up with the sound and I'd be "requested" to turn it off.
904. My foster son has fits trying to collapse it. I find it humorous. Actually, so does he, especially after I sent a YouTube video of a guy grappling with it too.
905. I picked up a bottle at a teacher's training in upstate NY and I thoroughly enjoyed the drink! So much so that I saved the bottle to buy on Amazon once I return home to Boston. Little did I know that what I scanned into Amazon came up a different looking bottle. Same product, different look.I'm the sure the 2 reviews before me had a horrible experience, but I really REALLY liked the taste of the mineral greens. My bottle of the drink tasted similar to golden milk aka Tumeric Milk with a touch of greens.It seems that the different bottles taste different. I sure hope that someone on Amazon will choose to sell the Mineral Greens that come in the bottle that I was introduced to.
906. very forest aroma, outdoor pine fresh.
907. Bought these to help my five year old improve his brushing. We used a half tab and it completely filled his mouth with purple stain. He said the taste was awful so I tried the other half and it's pretty gross. I would give zero stars if possible because it didn't work at all.
908. The Vigor Force Knee Support Sleeve came in a plastic pouch. It is has a dark gray and white color scheme. I have a knee that needed added support and compression support knee sleeve.This knee sleeve comes with magnetic therapy to help with pain. I thought was just thing to do that . But I got on my swollen knee but it just rolled down and became painful to keep on. The Vigor Force Knee Support Sleeve is the nicest and professional grade knee ; I have purchased. I received this item for free for my honest and unbiased review. .
909. This sign was glittery black, it was beautiful.  You do have to assemble it so do it ahead of time NOT at the venue.  It has a red plastic "needle" to help you  thread the string through.  It was pretty, simple and I really liked it.
910. Smells nice and fresh and I like that the mat is good and clean without a lot of nasty chemicals.
911. The product works well but both items have an expiration date that is too close for it to be so $$. The bottles were sealed but still leaked and were less than halfway full. It was hard to show in the picture that they weren’t full bc of the bottle colors.
912. I use hand sanitizer probably 300 times a day as a nurse. My hands used to stay so dry to the point they would crack. Let me just say, alcohol on skin that's not intact hurts like hell. I had to use liquid bandage to cover the cracks in my hands so I wouldn't scream every time I used hand sanitizer. I've tried so many different hand lotions. This is one of my favorites. I keep it on hand at all times - bedside, car, work, I even have a liter in my living room. It's not greasy, absorbs quickly and heals your abused skin pretty rapidly. If used religiously, your hands won't ever be dry or crack. Medline has an entire line dedicated to skin - I actually found this product while working as a wound nurse. Highly recommend!!!!
913. A very good tape. I have had no issues with its being thin, colours are lovely, works very well and a little easier to get the backing off and to trim than other brands I've tried. Good price, too.
914. At first I tried to resist buying a sound machine. We had an old broken radio tuned to static, but it kept getting electrical interference and making horrible buzzing sounds. So I finally bought the Dohm and don't regret it. I did notice though, since it moves air to make noise, it cooled our bedroom slightly. Great in summer, not so great in MN's cold winters.
915. Due to spending most of my time in either high heels or steel-toed work boots, I have inflammation in the nerves between my toes due to them always being squished together. These are great for fixing that. They are pretty uncomfortable at first and can only be worn for a short time, but it gets easier and easier. Before These, I could only put the incline on the treadmill up to 1.5 before the electric shooting feeling in my feet was unbearable, but after I wear these every time I am home and barefoot,  I can now crank it up as high as I want and I am not bothered. If you have the electric shooting pain between your toes due to cramped shoes or high heels, order some of these.
916. The none fishy taste of this .
917. I wasn’t sure I was going to like these glasses. I didn’t notice the bridge was metal but they are VERY comfortable! They have a very slight yellow tint, so slight I didn’t notice it at first. But the tint is very relaxing to my eyes when using my iPad. I highly recommend. They are very sturdy, nicely designed and there is no distortion in the lens and I love the colors. I will definitely be ordering more.
918. I realize I am getting older as I find myself needing toe separators and arch inserts or gel liners in my shoes. I am not too vain to buy them though, or to admit that I need them. There's more pep in my step when I do use them, and this comes with several sets in  box, so it saves me a trip to the pharmacy to buy something similar and these work better. They're also well made, thick gel  and in the long run, work better than those simple ones that go between your big toe and the next one.You just slip them in between your toes and throw on your tennies or Toms or whatever. No one needs to know and I find myself walking longer and at a much better pace with a lot less pain!I wore high heels for decades and I am definitely paying the price for it now that I am in my fifties. All those years of wearing shoes that were so fashionable but crammed my toes together and did not give me good back support, well that's all catching up with me and as bunions have appeared, I have found the need for toe separators. Don't be too vain to allow yourself absolute comfort. Go ahead and get these and you will not be disappointed.I was one of those lucky people that was able to get these toe separators at a super low discounted  price in exchange for my honest review and opinion. At first I balked at the idea,  but now realized what a great idea it was and what a great product this is.
919. I have a smallish face and these still fit me. I like that there's basically 3 layers if you count the pouch for the filter.The only thing I don't like about this mask is I don't feel like it seals around my face.  I'm going to order those adhesive metal nose strips to see if those would help.  This does not come with a strip in the nose part.This mask seems like it's made well and the ear loops are adjustable to fit most faces.
920. You have to be patient, you will not get long lasting results overnight. Consistent use over a long period of time will get you results. Very short term results can be had immediately but after removal, the nipple will return to its normal size in a bit.Some tips: Be gentle when twisting to apply suction, if you overdo it you can break the top thin plate on the spindle.Use a lubricant, like Burt's Bees Moisturizing Lip Balm. Apply to both the areola and the nipple. It will help create a better seal and moisture the tissue.Don't rush things, applying too much suction can cause blisters andplasma leakage. Start with low suction and short application time. Increasing each in increments. If you increase the suction, consider decreasing the application time and then begin increasing the application time until you increase the amount of suction.
921. This face shield doesn't come with instructions. I ended up attaching the plastic cover to the outside of the glasses, closer to my face. I had some trouble fitting the plastic insert in the middle space of the glasses - the corners didn't fit right.  While the plastic is clear and it is easy enough to see using this face shield, it didn't feel as sturdy as some of the others that I've used in the past.  It should be okay for indoor use but with the wind, etc outside I would not use this particular face shield.The face shield is worn like glasses and is propped up on the nose.  It is reasonably comfortable for short periods but I wouldn't want to use it all day.
922. Awesome product, i love it!
923. Could not be happier with this purchase. My middle school daughter had a spa party with 6 of her friends and these sleep masks were a huge hit.Wasn’t sure what type of quality to expect but these are better than anything I looked at locally and other online stores. Very well made and super cute. So glad I made the purchase and strongly recommend them.
924. Great scent and everyone likes it! May need to replace it earlier than we expected!
925. The best thing would be if you could get your kids to swallow some probiotics.  If they can't swallow, here's a good alternative.  It doesn't taste like candy (nor should it), but it's not gross either.  Give it a shot.Why give your kids probiotics?  Well, if they're been ill, or if they've been eating crappy, or if they've been taking antibiotics, their gut is probably all out of whack.  Kids are tough, and we get less tough as we age.  We have to keep our gut in good shape.  Society makes us do all kinds of bad stuff to our gut.  This can help it heal.
926. Love love love these socks.They are so snuggly on your legs and makes your legs feel so great.Compression socks are great when your on the go, busy or relaxing. One of my best buys ever!
927. Works great for touch up and when camping.
928. &quot;Seemed like a good idea at the time.&quot; The clipper part spins on the handleengage part.  Except how do you make it STOP spinning?  I end up having to hold the head with some part of my other hand.  Other than that...
929. I can't find a way to contact the seller to ask and returns are aggravating, but this 100% smells like citronella so I can't use it in my lotion bars and had to use my vanilla extract instead. I will keep it for future bug spray use lol. The coconut they sent smells exactly like coconut though.
930. Do help with heel support and comfort, but they work best if you're doing other things to help relieve your heel pain, such as some nice calf stretches
931. Doesn't curl eyelashes.  It's a lightweight appliance, it's attractive and it does warm up.  But it does not curl lashes.  I really wanted this to work for me but it doesn't.
932. Been On  Phytoceramides for almost 1 year, started with a very pricey brand, so I decided to  research for a less expensive  alternative  without sacrificing quality  While on  Amazon, came across Herbal Nutrition,  caught my attention because  their product  are 100% natural plant base , same  % active ingredients ,  the only difference is bottle and the price.  The expensive phytoceremides comes in a translucent plastic bottle and 39.00 dollars per unit.  Herbal Nitrition, comes in a white plastic bottle and  For two bottles paid half the price .  Orders are processed and delivered quite quickly .  Excellent product!  As long as I use this product will be loyal to Herbal Nutrition LLC.  I would like to add that I was not rewarded by any means  by Herbal Nutrition that my reviews is for the purpose to help others to get an excellent product for less based on my personal experience!  My only regret Is they just added a new  phytoceramide facial cream and wasn’t available when I  made my last order.  But will definitely try on my next order (hopefully  special offer will be still available or maybe it was but my husband didn’t pay attention to that, Haha)
933. Sturdy handle, firm bristles.I've had problems with handles breaking on plastic bath brushes, and soft, mushy bristles on woodennatural material brushes.Many wooden brushes also have problems with the brush head coming off the handle.
934. Pretty design. Held a good amount of smaller pills. But it would pop open in my purse, if the pills where small they would get shuffled and damaged.
935. I love the Heeta brand as I have a detangling brush of theirs that is excellent. Therefore, when I saw these I just had to try them. There are 12 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set in the scents listed below. - lavender- orange- lemon- strawberry- peppermint- coconut- vanilla- grapefruit- ocean- rose- blueberry- mango  Each fragrance is divine and smells fresh and exactly the way it should smell. These bombs are made with essential oils and they are large. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. One bath bomb dissolves in about ten minutes in hot water. The fragrance is wonderful and the results are skin softening. BUT.....I used the rose bath bomb and the final color of the water was an indigo blue which turned my heels and toenails a SMURF BLUE. I also had a blue ring around my ankle. The skin color dissipated during drying but the nail color stayed for several showers. The blue coloring was easy to rinse off the foot bath.The current price of $32.99 comes to $2.75 per bath bomb which is just a tad pricey but then again I feel these are better than others I tried previously. This would make a wonderful gift as long as one does not mind the color changes particularly to the nails. I really love them but only for a foot bath.
936. Best idea EVER!  The design makes it possible for the user to feed themselves successfully!  Highly recommend for adult with disabilities (permanent or temporary).
937. Great price - fantastic quality. Would purchase again
938. Very Good Product for Dryers, as fabric softener & lint collector!
939. This is exactly what I expected. A little smaller than a full roll of TP. A fun and silly COVID-19 birthday gift! It was not used, so judging on what I know about TP, it will work as expected.... lol
940. I  have ordered this product a few times.  A must have! Great product. Great price.
941. I think this is a very good red superfood powder but I can't see paying $46.99 (the cost of one can as of this review) for it.  I have reviewed several other red superfood powders and I don't recall any of them costing that much.  I have several red superfood mixes that contain many of the same ingredients as this but the cost is much less.  That said, I think this is an excellent mix, it has a lot of very good ingredients that are very beneficial for good health,  it dissolves well with little clumping, the color is pretty and the flavor is good.  I've only mixed it in water and like it best that way.  I'm trying to drink more water during the day and I always want either a red or green or a mixture of both powdered superfood in it.
942. Give or take a few that were messed up and stuck together, I'm very happy with the quality of the product. Though it would be nice to know what the blue thing is for.
943. I bought this as we are contemplating on switching trees next year.  It made our 2 yr old tree look a bit better.  It was worth the money.
944. I sit at my computer most of the day typing and as a result, I end up sitting hunched over a lot of my day. I really needed something like this massager to kneed the knots in my neck and shoulders.There are straps that you can put your arms in the more weight you put on your arms the more pressure the massage gives. There is the option to have the heat on or off and an option to change the direction of the massage. This also comes with a car charger to be able to use in the car!!I gave this a 4 star because insist comfortably on your neck, but to use lower on your back is not so easy to use, but doable!I received this at a promotional price in order to share my honest experience and opinion.
945. We are following Speed Keto and this strawberry meal replacement is TASTY! Use an emulsifier to really mix it up and make it smooth. You're not hungry for hours and this is a BIG container and two of us are using it! Order it!
946. I have the whole bentgo set but wanted a back up tray to put one in the dishwasher. Happy that the extra tray is offered. Unfortunately mine was cracked when it arrived so sent it back and only green was available. But my daughter doesn't seem to mind!
947. I wish I had sent these back immediately.  I wanted to keep an open mind and try the scent a couple times, but it was disgustingly, sickeningly sweet.  Not at all natural.  This is a purely chemical, soap-like smell.  Overpoweringly horrible.
948. I like this hair trimmer, it’s professional quality and better than any I’ve used before. My wife does my hair, she said it is very ergonomic and it work wonderfully. It is reasonably priced,  high quality and good value for money.Pros:- It’s light and works very well. - this thing still has plenty of power after just one full charge!- Easy to clean. Remarkably so. I’ve owned a few trimmers, and none have opened as well as this one to clean out the hair.Cons:USB cord is short.
949. It might be a good product, but the minute I opened the box, I realized that I could not use it. It's WAY too heavy and (MY mistake here) it's not battery operated. It's not eligible for return, although I never plugged it in and never sued it -  so be VERY careful about buying it!
950. It keeps me fresh and clean no matter where I decide to go
951. Good product, works as advertised. Can use on skin with no irritation for single day use. Do not sure and leave it on, otherwise you will probably get a rash after a few times of this.
952. I have no idea if it was these supplements or some nutritional changes I made, but I got the results from my last blood donation (a neat little benefit of donating at some places), and it went from 258.0 to 185! I guess I’ll keep doing what I’m doing, eating healthy, exercising, and taking one of these a day (it says take three, but I’d rather not).
953. Don't have to take 3 naps before bed.
954. These protein bars are my new favorite.  I have tried the chocolate creme and the cookie dough.  Chocolate creme is just ok but the cookie dough is outstanding.  I have eaten bars for almost 15 years and these are one of the best ones I have ever had.  The triple layer is very unique.
955. It works!  comfortable to wear.
956. got exactly what I was expecting
957. Gotta love the good old clif bar. They really delivered on their original quality and creative ingenuity. These are just the right size for a snack at work (see my picture comparing the size of the mini bar to an original sized one I had on hand). They look really dark in color...probably just because of the coffee that has been added. You can really taste the espresso flavor, though it is very pleasant.
958. These refills are great.  They are sharp and give a good clean shave.  I get them through subscribe and save so the price is great.
959. Awesome! Doesn't soak up the makeup like a regular sponge or a brush would and it's so easy to clean.
960. I've been using this for about 3 years now and after trying about 5 other products, this one works the best. We have 2 kitties !
961. These are easy to chew and taste good. Prominent flavor is banana.
962. not very comfortable
963. Second time purchased, i love the taste and made my day, helping me to stay hydrated all day, i will buy it again
964. I have had a habit in my home of saying, what did you say ? I went to a play and couldn't hear my grandchild talking, so I thought, time to try something. I am planning to get a hearing test, but no way could I spend thousands on hearing aids. I am very impressed with these amplifiers. They charge in a little box, & the box also charges. They have 9 volume levels. You push a button and when you hear two short beeps, you are at top volume. One more push & you are back to # one. They also have a feature where you hold the button down to change mode, for a noisier environment. I have not tried all of this feature as yet. One day, the sound was fainter & per booklet, there could be wax on the amplifier. I used the tool provided to change the wax guard. The instructions seem complicated, but once you try the amplifiers, the instructions quickly make sense. I am positive these amplifiers will allow me to hear the actors in a play quite easily. I like hearing some extra sounds I have not heard for some time, like the bell sound of a spoon hitting a certain cup. I am glad I got them. In the mornings I now say, I have to go put on my ears ! Lol
965. I have had a lot of blackheads lately and have been looking for ways to deal with them. I saw this and thought it was interesting. After several attempts, I'm not sure that I am using it correctly. The directions really aren't that helpful. My first attempt was painful! I had the device suctioning a blackhead and then I couldn't get the device off! I finally figured out how to turn it off and was able to release it, but it hurt! Luckily it didn't leave any lasting marks. I'm going to look up some videos to see if that helps me before I give up on it.
966. My son has severe eczema and this didn't make him sting. He doesn't squirm when trying to get it on him. He's 3.
967. So good. Fresh, light, powdery, with a hint of sweet fruit. Spring in a bottle.
968. I got this because I have never come across a warm humidifier with the option of adding essential oil (which is what I always wanted) I usually use a diffuserhumidifier when someone in our house is sick, and I like to add eucalyptus or something along those lines for (stuffy noses because it helps them sleep better, and moisture helps with dry air.) I feel like the warm humidifier is more effective with opening up nasal passages. The size is pretty convenient would fit nicely on a nightstand and hold enough water (half gallon) to run for 13 hours. Mine came looking used because there were several dirty looking spots on it (pictures). I filled it up today because my daughter is currently sick with what sounds like croup. You simple unscrew the bottom of the tank and fill it up (I noticed there is no line that says the max) so i filled it up to the brand name. It took a couple minutes to warm up and then it started to shoot out the warm (kinda hot) vapor. There is only one button so it's very easy to operate- the button gives you 3 different options: low, high, or off. I love the tray feature for the essential oil vapor that and the warm air are the main reasons why I decided to get it! It's also pretty quiet, just kind of sounds like a very low heater fan. It's easy to clean and doesnt require filters either.Overall happy and working out great so far.
969. your feet will feel much better
970. I tried everything. Nothing worked. Name the probiotic. Some did nothing. Some made things worse. Antibiotics destroyed my colon. Then, of course here came the candida nightmare. What was wrong? Did I have parasites? Heavy metals causing candida? Went to the gastro doc...(colonoscopy uggg) said I am clean as a whistle.  No problems he could see. Must have IBS. I'd like to personally thank the Doctor I trusted for the constant hit from the unnecessary antibiotics. What a mess.I just stumbled on this. Pure accident. Thank you God for this product. You want to get rid of all of it? Just give this a try. I am telling you there is NOTHING else like it. Seal up those tight junctures....and heal.Update: 122916- I am taking one tablespoon on an empty stomach every morning. This stuff has completely healed all my intestinal problems. I will never be without it again. I have had a couple of cheat meals because of the holidays and they have not made me sick. Now...I will not do this regularly....I am eating clean now and I don't want to screw that up....but the little I did do... did nothing to cause me any misery. It took a long time for me to find something that would cure my IBSColitisInflammation ...this did it. I no longer care for sugar, breads or dairy with the exception of grass fed organic butter and eggs...and not every day. I don't even crave sweets anymore. I am back here right now to purchase another bottle!Go to youtube and listen to Dr Zach Bush! you wont be sorry.You wont need another probiotic.
971. If you want a trace mineral supplement to add to your drinks, this is a good one. It doesn't alter the taste of the original drink. I use the smaller amount recommended, but the directions say you could use up to 2 mL per day.
972. I'd like to know exactly what's in this leather conditioner but no where on the box or product page does it say.  I'm pretty sure it has a lot of coconut oil in it since it smells like coconut.  It's kind of soft, and doesn't take much pressure to get some on the included sponge.  It cleaned a couple of purses and an old pair of shoes pretty well, but if it's mainly coconut oil I have that here at home for a lot less money.
973. Didn’t work for me. I tried to use them to stick on the current nasal pieces to make them more comfortable (on heavy lead glasses). But the adhesive keeps falling off after use
974. Shipped quickly, no problem attaching to walker
975. Delicious and good for you!
976. The quality of this particular brand of inserts aren't as good as the other brand of gel insoles I've been using (I forget the name) but it's decent. The padding seems a little less elevated but these will do in a pinch. My sensitive feet love this type of insole because you can use it in any type of shoe, unlike the gigantic insoles that require you to trim it down in order to fit into shoes. I find these convenient and comfortable to wear. Overall I like these, not the highest quality but the price is right.
977. Large, engraved, unsealed blond pinewood disc. Natural, earthy, simple. Very appropriate for a dowsing board. I like the graphics on it (butterfly, moon phases, etc). They also have a black option, which appears stunning.Lightweight, but sturdy.. just add your own pendulum.
978. We always keep electrolytes of various brands and flavors not just for the kids, but for us grown ups too.  I've used Mommy Bliss products before and they were very good.  These do taste a bit salty but salt is a very important electrolyte and for me, the most important one.  But it's in balance with other electrolytes so whoever is feeling ill should probably get some relief if they can keep these down.  I use electrolytes every time I play tennis since I sweat so much and I need the salt to recover quickly.
979. Only minus is that the string you hang it by is short. Other than that it lathers up quick and leaves me clean.
980. Works as advertised.
981. Decent and smells nice and faint, but doesn't get poop stains all the way out.
982. I have not had them long enough to tell since I don't have shoes I need to use them.
983. Great Product !!
984. All 8 bottles came individually wrapped, which was good because 2 of them leaked possibly due to the caps not being screwed on tightly, the wrapping prevented leakage onto the other bottles. They all smell as they should and have not caused a reaction to my skin when mixed with a carrier oil. I have never applied any of these without a carrier oil and I do have sensitive skin. Products smell and appear to be working!
985. Wow, you gotta love a product that cleans eyeglass lenses and they stay clean all day! Even quickly gets rid of tough stains! Love love love these wipes!
986. Absolutely love them !
987. Tastes good. But gives me thick sticky mucus that i just cant tolerate.
988. These pads work well for general face cleaning.  They are a bit too harsh for my eyes.
989. I thought it was Lysol.
990.  I really like how lightweight these clippers are! Also the directions in the book are very easy to understand! I think it’s also really cool that it shows you how much battery life is left! And I feel like it’s a really cool feature for the adjustable blade length as well! These do not seem to bother my dog at all!
991. works as it should...plenty of coverage...doesn't feel like it will fall off.
992. I'll stick to my beauty blender. This doesn't blend the makeup as well as I would have liked.
993. One of those &#34;just in case&#34; items to keep on hand. Check the expiration date before you purchase. This was slightly higher price but the seller provided the expiration date in the ad copy and this seems like fresh stuff.
994. I love this brush - the handle makes it easy to scratch my back with out it twisting around.I wish amazon hadn't placed a sticker on the lovely handle because I can't get the gummy-ness off and it's really a shame and makes the brush much less nice.the bristles are perfect; not too hard.
995. I bought this as a gift for my husband and sent it to him on work assignment. He was complaining about the mosquitoes eating him alive even though he had been religiously applying OFF. I said, well DUH, everyone know that Avon makes the best bug repellent. He thought I was nuts so I sent it to him to prove otherwise. He LOVED it. He said he applied it first thing in the morning and it lasted all day. He saw mosquitoes, but they never landed on him.
996. When I got them I was very excited but when I open them and walked with then . It was so terrible the arm rest is so lose . And I just decided not to walk wit them . So something else in my attic
997. Item worked to keep my dog busy. It is very well made as it can withstand biting from a big shepherd and a small puppy. Using peanut butter is great but it can get hard to clean it but not impossible. Also, while on the ground it's good to use a solid surface and wet it a little bit otherwise it will continue to come off. So far it's a great tool to keep dog busy and supposedly clean their teeth at the same time.Updated review: company used my email address to send spam. Not good.
998. This product worked well as weather stripping on my boat's storage compartments.
999. This is my third attempt for a "memory" type product. I did just order a second bottle of Focas. I do seem to be paying more attention to detail of late. Therefore I am hopeful this is the right product for me. Will update if needed. Age..77
1000. Seriously, be careful this gets very hot you could burn yourself, you don't have to have it all the way up to 410 to produce curls, just be careful!!...all in all it is a great curling iron brush!! It not only makes curls but gives your hair a lot of body!! I love it!!
