1. Completely Satisfied, 5-Star Seller.
2. Lots of Horse sized pills, but really good product.
3. Most compression socks are plain hose or black. These are just plain fun as well as fashionable. I get many complements.
4. Don't know yet just got it.
5. Actually a 4XL and it fits comfortably, and being adjustable my ears are pleased. The design is awesome and very functional and roomy in front of your face. Stretch materials are thick, soft and easy to adjust but not loosen as you wear unless you decide to adjust it yourself. Covers nose bridge, cheeks, and under chin. I doubt I will add a nose thing since it's design and adjust ability make for a good face fit with little to no gaps in the nose area or under eyes.
6. I prefer these containers over the resealable bags that sometimes will not reseal. Also easier to spoon out of this and comes with a measuring spoon. Good quality powder with that Irish Mossy taste yumm LOL. Wish it came in a larger size or maybe it does and I have not seen it yet?
7. not the same as the picture
8. good taste, no problems with it
9. For the price, Ok
10. Nice and soft
11. if you wear contacts very often and you change them more than once during the day, this system it is very useful, it does clean them well, I do feel the difference once I put my contacts on, just as a side note, I have used it for also hard contacts and it did work good too.
12. This basket fit right on my dads walker, he has one that has curved supports in the fromt. This hit right on , I don't think it would fit walkers with straight supports.
13. These are great for keeping the mask straps from bending your ears.
14. Just what I ordered
15. I've purchased PillowPaws skid resistant socks before, in XXL (grey) and was very pleased.I decided to order a smaller size for my grandson but they didn't offer them in grey.I was disappointed in the quality of this order, though they are still comfy.I wear the 3 pair of irregular sizes and gave him the better 3 pairs.I won't order from this vendor again.
16. I actually bought this just for the blades. I have a callus shaver, but to buy the blades by themselves cost more than this set. I gave the shaver to a friend with a blade installed, she is pleased with it.
17. Product as described & very fast shipping.
18. My 7 yr old granddaughter wears the masks every night, and she loves them.  She used to wear a plain black mask, but no more,  Sometimes during the day, I see her with the mask on top of her head!
19. This is a great little straightener if you understand that it is not intended to be your everyday straightener. I bought it for camping. I charged it in Texas, and I used it 7 days later in a Colorado national park. It still had a full charge, but after using it for 15 minutes it was at 50% charge. It says it heats up to 205C, but it definitely does not get that hot. I have fine, straight hair already and this does the job for me, but it will take at least twice the time as my regular Babyliss. I think someone with coarse, curly, or super long hair would be frustrated. The plates are only two inches long. I also plan to put it in my car for those times I want to freshen my hair after work or after working out. It comes with a USB charging cord so I can charge it in my car. Overall it is a very good purchase if you use it for traveling or small touch ups.
20. I was very pleased with my order.  I ordered this for a friend.  My friend really liked the poster.  My order arrived in a timely manner.
21. Didn’t work, don’t waste your money.I should’ve read the other reviews 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
22. Works great holds well
23. i only use a few times
24. Great brush!  I love dry brushing it is great for circulation and for cellulite.  This brush has a long detachable handle.  The handle is great for reaching your back or getting all the way down your legs with out bending over of picking up your legs.  It just makes the process easier.  The quality of the brush as a whole is great and I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a dry brush.Sample provided for testing and review
25. Very practical. Helps relieve backache! Really works :)
26. Lovely one.  Convenient, comfortable and easy to use. Love it.
27. Love that this filament has a cover, and little bumps on the foot to show you were to use the filament. Great Value.
28. These compression socks are comfortable.  I have worn 3 so far in 3 days.  Because of their comfortable softness and easily stretched, I am hoping they will last a satisfactory length of time.
29. Why would  they ask if toilet drop is were warm or thick for that matter. How about turn the water blue, slightly. How about do they clean well, no. How about do they last as long as they claim, No. does it have a pleasant fragrance, no. Just not worth it
30. This works very well.
31. I should have read the measurements of the product. The width of this is very wide and would work well for a big mouth. But if anyone tries to clean their tongue, once you stick it out, it creates a concave and I could not reach all the yucky in the middle, back. I ended up pinching the metal at 1 inch below with pliers so it's very narrow now at the tip to get to the small back and in the middle. This now works to get in the middle section and sides without a problem. However the metal is not forgiving so you have to go in easy. I have made my tongue bleed a few times with too much pressure. If this was in a rubber material, it could be better so I don't damage my tongue. Still looking around.
32. Anything with Gerry in it gets 5 stars automatically. :D It arrived quickly and in good condition, which is always a concern with printed materials.
33. I used to love this alpiste milk but for some reason they added guar gum and now it’s too thick, i liked the previous one, it was a much lighter version, so much better, I hope they can bring it back!For those who do enjoy thicker milks, this is great for liver cleanse, loosing, and keeping extra weight off.
34. I mostly got this because I wanted to remove the fuzz from my cheap (but sturdy) fleece leggings, and none of the attachments did the trick.  It worked well on my wool sweaters, though, so I'll keep it, but it's not a miracle cure for every fuzz or pill.
35. These are good cotton gloves. I use them to moisturize my dry hands while I sleep. My only real complaint is that they’re a little long in the fingers.
36. I found the liquid foundation I use didn't really blend in using the silicone sponge. It just kinda sat there on my face. Not like the brush. Luckily it wasn't too expensive. Lord knows I've spent more on products I've used once and threw into a drawer.
37. Great Around The House!!!
38. Good product.  Just need to be careful to line the battery with the charger &#34;prongs&#34;  or will not charge correctly.  Exactly what we needed for our phone!
39. These were terrible. Neither my husband or myself could wear them they were so uncomfortable.  Could not be adjusted in any way to be comfortable.
40. This PERFECT! My eyeglasses my earrings, pills and loose chains.
41. will not work. Do not buy.
42. Glucosamine from Viva Labs is an excellent product with triple strength, I am so happy I got this product at an excellent price of 2.99 and free shipping, it is unbeatable. Try it and you will experience the difference.
43. Exactly like the kind I buy in the store for a fraction of the cost. They're also easy to cut down to size to fit different sized soles or heels.
44. Nice pipe, works fine. The bowl is a bit tricky as it tapers to a sharp point in the base. This makes the  screenhard to keep in place, but it isn't a big issue. It is fairly deep as well.I think the only fault is the weight and how it is unbalanced. It is naturally very heavy at the bowl end. Hardly a deal breaker, especially as it is so pretty.
45. Great for picnics. Arrived quickly
46. Works well.
47. Very good quality and very buitiful.
48. Water is so important for much health reasons. The flavor is very concentrated, so only 12 of dropper is needed in 8-10 ox of water.This brand of flavors is delicious and pure. My favorite is the coconut flavor and the pineapplecoconut.
49. What we liked most was that it does an excellent job of cleaning your eyeglasses, better than anything we have used, BUT it is a two part system. First you use the wet one, then the dry one.  The wipes are very small and unless you have very small glasses, you cannot do both sides at the same time. So you have to decide if super clean glasses is your goal or a convenient one part glasses wipes are more important to you.
50. Does not work as advertised.  We had two and sent them both back.  We would not recommend
51. Good product but the mattress is a bit hard for my liking so I am returning it.
52. Husband swears by this stuff!
53. As expected
54. A little rough on edges
55. Love this product, full of protein and fiber and taste great..my daughter even loves it!  I add bananas, blueberries all kinds of fruitsand it fills me up as well.
56. heavy duty, caps fit tight, could be larger.
57. It makes for a happy hermit crab!
58. A bit greasy but works well.
59. It was disgusting. I've tried a bunch of different pre-workouts and this is by far the worst o have ever had.
60. These inserts will stick to sandals!  Sandals need support for anyone.
61. Leaked all over and stained bed sheets
62. I love this soundmaker. I've ordered a couple of them. Some as gifts. It allows me to watch TV after my husband goes to bed...because he is such a light sleeper. He complained at first that it was too loud. If he would use his eyes and not his mouth and read the directions he would have seen it has a volume control on it. I didn't say anything..he hee, so I can hear the TV in the den when he goes to bed YEA!!!
63. I've been using these earplugs for about 4 nights now. The first night I used them, they fell out of my ears. So I woke up, in the middle of the night, to reinstall them. Maybe this happened because I didn't install them correctly, I don't know. The following night I tried them again, and I'd manged to keep them in all night. These are the first earplugs I've tried, and  they seem to work very well. So far, I've slept great!!! I wish I could stay in my bed longer, lol! They block snoring pretty well and the television  ( at a low to medium volume), and faint noises (people talking far away, passing cars, etc).I am a light sleeper any noise wakes me. Again I've used them only for a few nights. I'll update my review should my experience change. Now the design of the earplugs, they just look like regular earplugs. They are much thicker and shorter in length compared to other brands (I've shopped around before I made a final choice).  You do have to get use to having something in your ear, and a small amount of pressure; but as the night goes on, the pressure lets up or I get use to it. I lay on my stomach, and I don't feel them in my ear when I'm laying on either ear. The length of the earplugs are decent,  there's about a cm that hangs out of my ear. Someone with an longer ear canal may not have any part of the earplugs exposed. I will continue using the brand.
64. This product actually worked!  I could tell the difference when I took these before bed.  I have IBS and this dealt with the pain and gas.
65. I have to say, I was skeptical when I ordered this product, but did so because it received great reviews.  And I am here to give another one.  My teeth do not whiten easily due to meds taken as a toddler. Nothing has worked.  I have been using DReow for about 5 days and my granddaughter said, &#34;You're teeth look so much whiter&#34; one day when I picked her up!  Thanks again.  I love it!
66. I am not sure that it keeps the bugs away as much I want it to. My almost 5 year old  son is very prone to get bitten by mosquitoes and being a boy he also likes to play closer to fence in the yard; as a result he gets real close to where most of mosquitoes are. I don't think this lotion is effective on such kids. Also, it does not exactly work like a guard as in shield (none of the ones I have used so far work that way). If I miss a spot, my son gets bites there.I would recommend it for summer outdoor use (not for activities like trails in a state park or evening soccer practice)Other thing I would comment is, it does not have strong smell like some of the others do.
67. I really like this brand of contact lens cleaner. Works the best for me.
68. Came as expected
69. Does a fair job whoever  iif you are supposed to prick your finger, you need lancelets
70. I have short, curly, thick hair this brush works perfectly to help keep it under control. Love it
71. I did so much research on this and I am so so happy with my purchase and I check and recheck everything and this being organic was the key!
72. This stuff WORKS!!!! Anytime someone is sick in my house I go straight to the nauzene.
73. I've tried all flavors and lemonade is best. Peach is probably the worst. Does a great job of keeping you hydrated.
74. These are so tiny you can do absolutely nothing with them. SO GARISH they look tacky.
75. It works, just not like the videos in my opinion.
76. None of them were bent and it’s still hanging. I’ll be able to reuse.
77. Gets the job done and the spray smells wonderful! Nice microfiber towel too!  You'll definitely want this product to keep your yoga mat clean!
78. Nice small round tablets that are smooth, and go down really easily.  I have bought these repeatedly because they suit my need perfectly.  And the price is great, to boot!!
79. More than likely if you are using this you are under the care of a doctor.  It is a fabulous dressing although admittedly expensive.  I wish mine lasted several days but a day is all I see to be able to get out of them before they need to be changed.It is GOOD that there is no adhesive border.  Wounds are typically irregular in shape and the entire area most be covered.  If you can not find one large enough you can use two together.  If there was an adhesive border it would then stick to the wound which would be harmful.  It is much easier to use your own adhesive which you know will not irritate your skin.  As my skin is easily irritated it is necessary I use an adhesive for fragile skin and many of the adhesive borders already in place end up damageing my skin
80. I  have ordered this product a few times.  A must have! Great product. Great price.
81. Item arrived very promptly, and as described by seller.
82. I bought these to help decorate for the Easter Season. The colors are extremely pleasant and come with ribbons to hang. The do require some time to open up. It was somewhat difficult to keep the middle of the pom at exactly the halfway mark while opening the pom. One of my poms turned out a little lop-sided because I was not exactly centered while opening it. But, once opened and fluffed they are quite pretty.
83. they work
84. Looking forward to using these with our cloth diapers.  Durable and waterproof!**Revised review: we have been using these for awhile and they are wonderful. The drawstrings aren’t super helpful but we don’t need to use them that way. Amazing quality and great use! We are nearly a year in!
85. Warning, this particular flavor does not taste anywhere NEAR as good as the wild cherry and in fact can cause major nausea and the need to strangle a cat. Of course, that's not scientific proof, it's just my opinion. Please by the wild cherry flavor ( Link below) as this flavor is inhumane.
86. Accurate and idiot-proof.  We’d been trying to be able to weigh my quadriplegic husband—short of taking him and his wheelchair to our veterinarian and weighing him on THEIR scale—and this is the perfect and simple solution.
87. One thing about, senna gon make you GO! It gets the job done. I mixed it with honey and lemon.
88. We've already happily gone through two sets of these. Great simple teether. We tend to keep one in every baby bag to have on hand.
89. Not what I expected beard to pump up. I am returning it
90. I have reviewed dish fish in the past. They are absolutely the best sponge scrubby combo on the market. They last a very long time, do not hold odors, and overall have a great scrub part for any tough cleaning! I love my dish fish and buy them for everyone LOL! For real!
91. Made my work shoes feel brand new again.
92. One tabet is supposed to last 30 days not true 1 tab lasts 2 weeks I live alone and have marked the calendar to make sure I was correct, disappointing.
93. These chill very fast and are comfortable
94. These are so easy to open and close and stay closed too!  They are so cute and convenient for carrying pills in my purse.  I couldn't ask for a better product.  Price is great too!
95. I don’t recommend this product at all.
96. These are awesome. It really keeps my bubbler clean. Thanks!
97. the grapefruit scent is nothing like the description - just smells like cleaner.
98. They are super absorbent and can be washed and rinsed. I like how soft they are for cleaning delicate surfaces that might otherwise scratch.
99. They come with additional tips, and a cute little storage bag.  Not the best in noise canceling but they are fair.
100. Magic Erasers really are magical. I don't know how they do it but these sponges can clean up anything. To make them last longer I've cut the sponges in quarters which helps a lot.
101. Have bought the brush picks before and used them for many years.  The holder is great to use when traveling.
102. Hubby swears by this.  I’ve been buying this for years for him. He loves it. The only thing I don’t like is the strong eucalyptus smell.  I have never used it though. Hubby likes the scent... as do our dogs : D
103. Small. Did not use for crafting..
104. Helps with a callus that I have. Cushion works well. Doesn't slip around either,  easy to clean and very durable.
105. Good Quality
106. Works fine. Easy to apply, easy to wash off.
107. Mistakenly I gave this item a 3 starIt doesn't deserve 1 star..!!!No matter what guard I put on the blade it doesn't give an even cut ...You can actually see the uneveness of the blade ..It Only served it's purpose during an emergency with the Pandemic Virus we are all under Because my girl was getting matted however a groomer told me when he saw it :" It's the worse Razor to use on pets !!! Redirecting me to different ones !!!
108. Mint flavor is nice and not overpowering. I love the toothbrush that comes with it. Great buy!
109. While the patterns are a cute option and I like that it's washable, I suck this in when I breathe and find it very annoying a pretty much useless if you exert yourself at all.
110. Evaluated these versus a blend from Dr. Jockers and the blend Digest Gold.  This one wins.  Been using it for about a year now, very happy.  Note that if one has issues with fat digestion or dairy digestion, you may well have to augment with another enzyme blend (such as Lypo Gold for fat digestion).For a broad-spectrum enzyme blend, this is perfect.
111. Delicious and good for you!
112. This is one long-lasting unit!  It has taken on some small room issues - VOCs, other odors - and puts out a very, very insignificant green light.  I've used it in powder rooms and, most recently, a college student's bedroom that has accumulated dirty laundry.  Very pleased with this purchase and am about to buy another one.I've tried several negative-ion generators, some with  without fans, some ozone generators, etc., for several years and have found that those with filtersfans tend to die after a few years of constant use, even with filter maintenance.  The fans of these units (not the GermGuardian) tend to finally die.  The smaller ozone generators are wonderful, but I've found that some of the brands are all but impossible to clean and, thusly, lose their effectiveness after a year or so.  (The one of these small units I'm still crazy about isn't being sold by Amazon at this time.  :( )
113. Very handy for getting to those areas old age makes it hard to reach.
114. A lot of ribbon.
115. It works great on my mat. Love the smell and the easiness of use. Put it in a spray bottle and bam! Clean and smelling great. The clean relaxing smell of Lavender! Still smelt great a week later! I will continue to use this!
116. No breaking here, this scale is the way to go. A family on the go uses it all the time. Accurate readings, fun to use.
117. Indispensable when u have real pain. Caution using this, I would suggest wearing gloves if ur putting it on someone else definitely. On urself only if u have a large area because u'll only be using a few drops at a time & wash hands immediately after application to avoid the burning side effects. Definitely Recommend it!!
118. Bought this for my husband who has a lot of neck problems from wearing heavy flight helmets. This works great. It lifts his neck gently and relieves the pressure causing the pain.I 've had 3 neck surgeries and am loaded in metal so it's definitely not for me but perfect on husband who won't have surgery.
119. The other brands, especially the "menthol ones", are like hydrochloric acid up your nose with a pinch of eucalyptus. They burn. They don't work as well, for me. 4-Way is the best, fastest acting and has the least amount of rebound. Superior to the oxymetazaline HCL that the more popular brand uses. Read your labels!
120. Fits great
121. as expected
122. We live in Savannah Georgia. This is the only thing that keeps the bugs sand gnats away. It is little oily but it works.
123. I like that I can pick up the soap and pump it into the dishpan.
124. What else can you say, it's cleaning solution.  It does exactly what it is supposed to and does a good job at it.
125. Will not cut a small pill without really having to hold it watch it and move it around
126. When it's working right ...WOW but tends to cut in and out with movement.
127. Bought as a gift for my brother who rolls his own bagged tobacco. He was only able to use it for 3 months before it broke.
128. Years of athletics have done a number on my joints.  I started taking tart cherry to help alleviate the soreness I experience every day, and much to my surprise, it actually WORKS.  I still have joint pain, but the day-to-day aches are almost completely a thing of the past when I take my tart cherry consistently.  If I miss a day or two, however, I definitely start feeling more achy again, so this is a supplement you need to take properly to see full benefits.  It is NOT a cure, but definitely offers heavy benefits for someone dealing with overuse joint pain.  Since I've been taking tart cherry, I've been able to increase my weekly mileage as a recreational runner without suffering additional aches; I highly recommend giving tart cherry a try if you're an achy athlete!
129. Beware these don't just fit any eyelash curler.
130. Love the fit and style
131. I bought these to surprise my coworkers with treats on Halloween. They were super easy to put together and the candy and brownies fit nicely in them.
132. The none fishy taste of this .
133. It is what it is.
134. Hated these
135. Perfect for I cold cups
136. They work well.  The only tiny problem is the adhesive doesn't go all the way at the wider end, and since I'm using them for someone else, that end sometimes curls up and might be a little uncomfortable.  I've never seen anything similar, and for an Alzheimer patient they really help.  Less clothes changing.
137. It worked great
138. These work very well. A lot of power in a a small package. I use floor models in other rooms, these in the bathrooms. They are an excellent product.
139. The PA is a game changer with the MFLB. I've had no problems thus far, and keep the PA plugged in at all times. The temperature options blow the glyph batteries out of the water, and really makes a difference in your experience with the box.
140. Its alright. Didnt notice anything but tingling. I got this stuff "The Bust-Boosting Solution", and so far Ive seen awesome results. Thought I'd share! :)[...]
141. the hotcold therapy pack is great, I mainly use it as an ice pack.  Just strap it on and sit back and relax!
142. I thought these were an amazing idea, but awful in practice. They’re a mess to use (stuff splatters when you start to get to a high enough speed to actually clean something). I have better luck with a handheld cleaning brush.
143. Keep these in my tool box, around the shop & even in my truck.  Handy for an assortment of uses.  Hold a good edge & can cut through webbing, fabrics, jeans, thin metals and even wire in a pinch.
144. so pretty easy to use and interesting to see
145. THis is just a flat iron with teeth.  If you roll it on your hair it pulls and burns the hair that gets stuck.  I do not recommend.  It's a waste of money.  I am asking for my money back.
146. Purchased this product a second time,does work and open skin pores
147. Purchased this product, it works great with clients that are under a infrared body session,it helps eliminate swear from running in eyes. It help some clients with dark circles around the eyes or imflammation problems.
148. Perfect for lighting candles - produces a large frame. The flame does recede down the matchstick quite quickly
149. Love this sound machine, the noise options are really good and there is no noticeable looping.  The only issue is the light- I wish there was a real button instead of the “touch feature”. The touch feature really does not work and I have to play with it every night when I try to turn the light off.  Also the musical sound it makes when you turn the machine on and off can be annoying.
150. 3 years later, there is a leak.
151. I do not see the point of these brush straighteners. They do not do the job like a proper flat one.
152. This product is not cheap but when shipped in a proper spray bottle it does the trick. Smells fresh and smooth. I should have returned it but wasn’t worth the time when I considered all of the other things I had to accomplish, such as coming up with a minimum 100 words to leave this comment. Based on my experience, buy the travel size bottle if you’re female and under the age of 15 and over 50. Otherwise it’s a frustrating loosing battle.
153. Grand daughter loves this watch.  Bought one for her 6th birthday.  The first one only lasted a month and broke.  I cannot complain because I could see the scratch on the side and knew she had to have banged it badly.  So inexpensive I just bought a second one.  It goes on and off easily with the stretch band and she loves the colors.  The face is easy to read.  I did not want digital.  Want her to learn to read a clock.  Very happy with this watch for her.
154. Nice to have lotion that can be put on right in the shower when done.
155. Great fit for my aging stove. Better quality than the original.DISCLOSURE:I received this product at the REGULAR price (no special discount). No payment was received to give a rating or to write a review. My ratings are purely based on my perception of how good the quality and features of a product are. I do not consider the usefulness of a product, as a customer would only buy an item which is usefulneeded for them. I am an avid online shopper and realize the importance of reviews from other users. Thus, I take extreme care in offering the most fair review and rating possible.If you found this review helpful, please give a Helpful Vote! If you have any questions about the product's quality, looks, features or anything else, simply make a comment and I will promptly respond. If you need pictures or videos of the product, I will be happy to provide them as well.
156. I love most all the julian bars but this bar was so awful. Way too sweet, made me feel absolutely nauseous after one bite. Terrible....
157. This is not noisy at all, another person stated it was "very noisy". It makes a little hum, soothing really my baby falls fast asleep while it's on. I have this in our bed room, and I enjoy it. The air smells cleaner and our house is brand new and very clean but it just seems fresher. I am buying another for my other child's room I love it so much. We own a rental and I even put them in the home to rid the other people's smell of dog and so on. The bulb last 4000 hours and should be replaced if not out by then to insure it's doing its job. If I was rich I would buy for every room at once, but I'm not so I buy one at a time.Side note***this is awesome next to a diaper pale or trash can!
158. Very easy to use perfect for curls with short hair
159. I live in s La where we just had catastrophic flooding and developed eczema due to the use of concentrated chemicals to kill mold. I used several natural things-Oregon grape(worked ok) , coconut oil, Msm cream w tea tree( Sunfood product-worked incredible for the itch!) But..skin would not heal and became worse to major blistersbleeding -tears to my eyes at time. I started using this 2 days ago-applying 5 times a day and it has cleared up almost completely. Wished I would've known this 5 weeks ago. But truly was the only thing that healed my hands (dry skin, peeling, blisters, itch, inflammation) hands are 80% well after a few days. I do recommend Msm cream (tea tree) for itch ! Worked fabulously! But Swedish bitters is the only thing that wiped the dry skin, inflammation, bleeding, cracking & itching too!
160. Really makes a difference with how my joints feel- and helps me to maintain a positive mood.Quality is great
161. I have been purchasing and using EO Lavender Hand Cleansing Wipes for years.  EO products are the very best quality in overall product generation.  The lavender fragrance with essential oils is beyond amazing!  Can't say enough about how much I truly love and enjoy!
162. Expensive and did not work to remove the adhesive waterproof tape on my RV.Soent hours and the entire bottle & a razor blade but the adhesive was not budging from anything this product did. Subsequently bought goo gone and it was better in assisting in removal.very disappointed in this product.
163. Easy to apply and remove. They can get slick if your face gets sweaty or oily. They are nice and thin so they don’t affect the way your glasses fit tremendously other than to give them a little more stability.
164. Do help with heel support and comfort, but they work best if you're doing other things to help relieve your heel pain, such as some nice calf stretches
165. Study, perfect for any first aid kit
166. I have a smaller mouth and these are actually a good fit.  At first I could only chew on them for a short time, but slowly I have been able to build up my time with them.  I like them lots better than the $25 one out there.
167. No relief from pain this local medication
168. It's really soft and easy to use. Also works right away and effectively.
169. Due to extreme Lymphedema I need to almost constantly have my legs ankles and feet wrapped. But the ace bandages would bother my skin, especially since its dry and the warmer weather was coming and we had days that I was sweating so much. It was suggested to me to purchase these and we would use them as a barrier between my skin and the ace bandages,. Well it worked quite well. I would have the nurse or the aide depending on who’s day it was here to wrap as suggested and sure enough it not only stopped that feeling of sweating, but also the little breaks in skin i had got a chance to heal and by using lotion first and then sealing it in with the clean wraps it helped my skin to absorb and become softer, smoother and healthier. I highly recommend these.
170. Great product.  I've ordered this product several times for my great uncle who brushes his teeth too hard.
171. Bought these for my son who loves them.
172. I suffered severe, chronic, constipation for 8 years going from Dr. to Dr..., was diagnosed with "Lazy Bowel Disease..." and tried everything imaginable to find relief, but found no cure. After having read about it from this link:[...]and tried it, I have not been constipated since. It took about a week of gradually increasing the dosage to take full effect, but to me, using this supplement has been like a medical miracle and I am very grateful &lt;3
173. Amazing leaves , Great service , Thank you .Will tell friends and buy again. A++
174. Beautiful print, comfortable.  However, they're muncher thinner and shorter than expected.
175. Could not get either size to stay in ear. Go with high quality foam instead. Threw these away immediately.
176. I love this product as a night moisturizer. Takes a jiffy to get the amount right but it is so absorbable it’s really not an issue. Think you will love it.
177. I like vegetables but sometimes need to fix things quick with less mess and these steamer bags are great.  The food tastes real and not like cooked in a microwave.  No mess.  Just toss the bag when done.  Great.
178. So I have these flats that are just a little too big, my heels always come out everytime I take a step. I put the black pads on first and my heel came out as soon as I took my first step but then didn't the rest of the time I walked. They still felt a little loose so I doubled up and this time I put the nude one on over the black Incase you'd see a gap and I tell you what, they fit perfectly now! I gave 4 stars because I feel If they were a little thicker they'd be perfect. It's a great deal and I'm so happy I came across these! I definitely recommend them.
179. I forgot i had it. But, mut say. Fewer lasting odors now. Plugged in all the time.
180. Happy with product.
181. They strained stuff.
182. Great for wedding favors! We used these to put together s'more wedding favors and they turned out very well!
183. Great for scrubbing and feels soft to the touch! I'm not worried about bacteria growing even with it sitting in the shower all the time! Much better than a regular wash cloth.
184. I like how easy it is to use and how quick I got relief after using it for a few days.  This is my second one in 8 years, not built to last long but good results for the price.
185. They work like they have for years!
186. Putting a black mark with a sharpie to cover up the $7.99 price... Not GoodHaving the feeling like you have been ripped off even for a little is... Not Good.
187. Horrible burning feeling. Feel like my skin is falling off from being burnt from it. Do not use. Makes you feel 10x worse
188. Battery connection is.....delicate. Be gentle
189. work really well.  They reduce volume but music still sounds great.  be very careful when inserting.  I accidentally put one in too deep and it was really difficult to remove, I was almost afraid I might have to get it medically removed.  Got it out with a pointy set of forceps that I managed to get one end in the ear plug hole and get enough grip to pull the plug out. Having a case is also a really nice bonus.
190. I have purchased this product more than once because it works for me. It brought my pressure down 10 - 15 points and now I am on just one medication rather than two. I was able to get of my beta blocker. This might not work for everyone and for 30 bucks, it's worth a try to see if it is right for you.  Note: The tablets are quite large and might be difficult for some to swallow. Dose is 3 per day (each bottle has 90 tablets)  MSRP is $39.95
191. Can’t believe I didn’t buy these YEARS ago...I have wasted so much money on the name brand allergy pill. This generic version works just as well and is a fraction of the cost!
192. My girlfriend loves this
193. Not as good as an alcohol based cleaner. 420 cleaner better 10x
194. Very high quality, easy to use.
195. My husband likes to stay stocked up on things like this. Our grandkids like to play doctor and he goes through stuff like this a lot. They are great and I would buy them again.
196. This is awesome for older people who take lots of medication
197. I was really hoping to like this, especially because the dimensions were perfect for what I needed. Unfortunately, this item just fell short. It feels and looks cheap in person. And it's not sturdy. I ended up returning mine.
198. Too soon to tell that it's whitening BUT I find that it's really great on killing the morning breath and great for use after meals especially LUNCH TIME at the office for those of you who do that sorta thing.
199. My son and daugther love them!!! We had a variety of flavors, but not all. Chocolate, Strawberry, Cookies n Cream, Strawberry Banana, Orange Cream, Vanilla Milkshake. They enjoyed them all
200. It is on of the best Organic oil in Amazon. I am using it since my diagnose and I am very happy with that :) I am adding half coconut oil so it is better for my skin. And I am breathing in with steam in the shower every day.
201. My son`s skin is sensitive and having rash if we would use other than Sebamed kids shampoo :) We love this product :)
202. The o-rings won't stay on my glasses which defeats the purpose of using them. Tossed them out.
203. These are super cheap plastic! The head doesn't even move just the handle! NOT WORTH IT!
204. Too powerful; must use in shower; otherwise, you will make a mess in the sink & mirror.  The periodontal tip is too flimsy and that’s the only reason I bought this.  It bends before getting between teeth.
205. As owners of a new puppy, we were looking for an effective pet stain cleaner and odor deterrent.  This product does both.  We have very light beige wool carpet, and so far, using this product, you would not know there is a pupoy in the house!  Good product.  Up date....I cannot say enough about this product.  It exceeds all expectations!  We &#34;missed&#34; a couple of &#34;accidents&#34; only to discover them after they had dried and set.  This product eliminated the stains and the carpet smells fresh.  Just follow the directions, and it should work for you too.
206. I have been using Silk Biotin for just about five days, and can already see results! Having taken Day 1 and Day 5 pictures, I can easily see that my hair has grown at least half an inch, probably more.  A huge improvement from 4 inches in 6 months.
207. I personally do not like this product. It contains caffeine, I took two pills and I could not sleep for an entire night.The concentration of Vitamin B12 is too high. It doesn't make any sense to take all that Vitamin B12 every day. Your body will discard the rest with urine and you will have a peak of Vitamin B12 in the blood. Despite B12 does not induce cytotoxicity, why wasting money in something you don't need.Additionally, they put in Optimind L-GABA to compensate the effect of Caffeine. So why putting caffeine in the first place?This is an extremely expensive item.PLEASE be careful because they are very sneaky if you cancel the free trial subscription period on line on their website. In fact, you click cancer and you see a message You are almost done. However, you have to wait a few secondsminutes to display the final please cancer now. Only then you will receive an email confirming your cancellation. This is a very sneaky way to induce people to forget to wait and continue with cancellation and charge them with an additional charge.Alpha Brain is, for example, a superior product. More cost efficient and with no caffeine. If people want caffeine they can drink a coffee.
208. I love this straightener because it's small - small enough I could throw it in my purse or laptop case. And because it charges using my laptop, I can use it anywhere - in the car, in a hotel, or in my office. It's the perfect travel solution. It charges quickly, holds a charge well, and heats up in seconds. Perfect gift idea for the traveler in your life.
209. also I like that the days can be separated.
210. Good suction. Not super long. With the thickness, not so much for beginners. Good buy, though.
211. My toothbrush wasn't listed as one that is compatible but the others cost a fortune and this one looks identical so I took a leap of faith. It worked! I'm so glad the gamble paid off and it saved me a few bucks.
212. I bought the cleats mainly because it came with the tool, but the tool is too small and not sturdy enough to remove cleats from a golf.  At first, I used pliers to get some torque on the cleat, but it didn't work.  I ended up buying a Softspikes Cleat Kaddy, which was very easy.If you want great cleats, buy this item, but not for the tool.
213. Quality was good. Thanks
214. It did not get rid of the eats!
215. These are the best nail files and buffers to use. I am a nail tech and I always use these files since I can clean them after I am done using them and put them in my clients individual tool containers. Love them. A must buy. Make sure you prep the edges of the files before using them on your clients or on your self since you can cause cuts since they are sharp.
216. To be fair, I just bought a bag at local hipster quickie mart in East Austin, not on Amazon. They are kinda what I expected, mildly tasteless, but a good crunch to go with a lunch salad. Unfortunately, the smell had me throw out the bag after about 3-4 chips. It smells like industrial glue. Whether that's from the bag or the chips, I don't know and I don't care. Don't waste your money.
217. Great texture and flavor for vape.
218. "easy to use", "easy to remove" and "adhesion"  Removal of pet hair
219. use this for nail art!
220. These backnobbers were given as gifts to several family members.  I have had one for years!  They are amazing!!  I use it almost daily and I can travel with it!  I HIGHLY recommend getting one so you can give yourself a back rub whenever you need or want for as long as you like instead of having to wait on someone else to do it for 30 seconds!  Buy one for anyone who has stress in their life!
221. Easy to use.Sturdy, easy to hold.
222. Cute, but going to be switching to ceramic ones and a little mold started growing on one after about 3 weeks of having.  Can't return, but not buying again.
223. Unfortunately these super comfortable ear plus fall out during the night while sleeping.  I would have too much of an issue with that since I use them to fall asleep but since they are pretty $$ I’m just gonna loose one pretty soon so I am returning.  Amazon offered convenient paid return through UPS.  Wanted to like these!! Love the idea of not adding 100 pairs to the dump but..... they just won’t stay in.  If you are looking for ear protection that doesn’t include sleeping then I would recommend.
224. The product description makes it look like it will fit any cane.  Not the case - it's a replacement tip for canes that already have this type of &#34;hook style&#34; tip on it.  I was able to &#34;take apart&#34; my wife's cane and make it work.  Her cane had an extra loop of elastic at the handle end (she uses it to hang her can or loop around her wrist), so I removed the cap on the handle, untied the knot and slipped it through the cap. I attached a long piece of sturdy wire to this end of the elastic and let it slide down the cane - this allowed the elastic to freely fall to the end of the cane where I looped the elastic that came with the roller tip onto the cane elastic - then hooked it onto the roller-tip.  pushed the roller tip into place - pulled the wire and elastic back through the handle end.  The challenging part was getting it back into the handle cap hole. I hade to use a screwdriver (or a ruler will work) to hold the second loop of elastic on top of the handle .  I pulled the elastic up through the handle and where the loop for the handle and the loop for the first section connected - I put the screwdriver through it and let it sit on tip of the handle (it will make a t-shape). I ended up using electrical tape to tape the top loop together so it was smaller and stiff to fit through the hole.  Once that was through - I pulled up on it until everything was tight - released the screwdriver - do not let go of that loop you put through the cap  - I then put a knot in place like it was before I disassembled. Replaced the cap and folded and unfolded the cane to ensure everything worked - had my wife try it to make sure the roller tip didn't flop off.  All checked out and the wife is happy! Success!
225. As soon as we opened this product we realized just how cheaply it was made. We did however attempted to use it for a week. At the end of that we week we through all three of the items in the trash.
226. I wear this ever night. I was taking 5 or more sleeping pills with no luck. By leaving this on, I feel well rested. There are nights I am awake while it is on but you will go in and out of conscienceness without recognizing. The night goes by in minutes but this is due to restlessness.
227. Not good nail cutters.
228. I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it. It works great!
229. Saves my back.
230. Excellent product, did exactly as advertised. Was a little difficult to set up, but once I understood the instructions it took no time to install. I use it everyday and I find it very useful. “
231. Too small and they fall over.
232. This scale connects via your WiFi home network and updates your weight daily.  Really helpful when merged with FitBit tracker and everything you can enter into an account relative to food eaten and water intake.  Helps in weight loss or maintenance once you are at a target weight.
233. I find this cushion really works well when I can keep it in place. It is a little heavier than similar ones since it is made out of that gel kind of stuff the seat cushion is made of,  and comes with a nice cover. So with my particular chair it kept slipping a little lower than I wanted it. Has a Very Nice Adjustable strap with a nice plastic clip. I imagine on many chairs it might work better. I could not sit up straight comfortably in this chair until I had this back cushion and since I can place it where I want, it works great! I simply put a strap vertically from the top down and around the strap so it stays at the right height for me now! Very Nice Product. I enjoy that it is no hard and there is a little Give to it.
234. This oil was recommended by a teacher who carries their products on his site. He spent 8 years recovering his health and investigated the heck out of hundreds and hundreds of products and only recommends the ones he feels are absolutely the best. I do suggest to Remember to Shake Well as the instructions tell you to do. It does make a difference. I was afraid it would taste horrible, however, I love the taste, take it right from the spoon and will use in salads. I can feel the &#34;energy&#34; of things since I was young and friends often ask me to &#34;test things&#34; for them. When I first tested this oil it was off the charts! I am not exaggerating. I have never tasted this quality of oil before. I purchased it on Amazon ready to return it if I was not satisfied. I agree with other reviewers, for me, this is absolutely like no other oil I have ever, ever tested! I ordered two other kinds and I am on a budget. They are worth the price. I am interested in my health first off and expect wonderful changes. I have not taken it long and already my foggy thinking is clearing. I will give an update later if things improve more.
235. It is hard to do a review without doing a chemical analysis test. I trust what it says on the label and the price was decent.
236. Very comfortable and has made my longer driving trips( longer than 45 minutes) much more tolerable!! Arrived quickly! This device really works!
237. This product out performs RX medications
238. Couldnt take this not sure why but did not agree wme
239. What a great idea!  You can determine the right length for your bodypendant. Nice quality, too.
240. Arthritis of the shoulder
241. I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this hat, I was not sure if I would as I am generally not a hat person. I have very fare skin however and wanted to see if a hat would work to protect me from the sun this year while working in the garden and this hat is going to be perfect and for an added bonus my hubby actually likes it on me. I think it will also look super cute with a little sun dress to go out ( I am only in my early 30s) so its still fashionable not something for just your grandma but something you can add to your closet for summer days anywhereI received the Vefra Summer Large Brim Straw hat for women for free in order to conduct this review and provide my honest option of this item
242. Misleading! Natural Armor essential oils do not have organic certification. Simply saying they are organic does not make it so. The company response to my query was, "if you don’t feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." Buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
243. Misleading! Natural Armor essential oils do not have organic certification. Simply saying they are organic does not make it so. The company response to my query was, "if you don’t feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." Buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
244. Very soft. Works great
245. No more problems with hats being a little too tight. Fixed 3 ball caps so far. Love it!
246. This foot rocker was received today.  It came with no written material...as in instructions for proper use.  I assume they feel it's very straightforward.  Insert foot and rock back and forth.I guess my foot is too small. I tried it several times and found it useless.  It's just too big for my foot.  I'm in my 70s and disabled so thought this might be good exercise. Guess not. It's being returned.  I will say that returns are effortless.
247. I was surprised by how thin these were.  Not really sure what they were intended for but I guess it's up to the user to decide how many to use at a time.  I suppose you could use them for touch ups on makeup up but so far haven't had occasion to use them for much.  They are silky and smooth as opposed to fluffy, if that's any help to making a decision to buy them.  If someone figures' it out, I'd like to know.
248. Smaller and less sturdy than I had anticipated.
249. Great product, takes a bit of using to get it tuned in and train yourself to take full advantage of it.
250. I bought these for our church...I like them a lot but they should come with more than one key.
251. These were recommended by my podiatrist, and I purchased three pair from Amazon. They have really helped my foot problems.
252. Works great and holds tight
253. These are exactly as described and what I expected (herb combo, size, heat delivery). so if the description suits what you think your after then don't hesitate. Arrived quickly and well packaged. I appreciate the inclusion of paper shields for ifwhen desired or needed. I thought it was a decent price too.  If you are not experienced with this sort of thing you should do some web searching for videos on moxibustion treatment (or have your acupuncturist show you) ...there's a lot of good info available. These light very easily - just as expected.
254. Very pleased. Seems to me to be the real deal. Used it for years a long time ago. There was a little mix up on my order and they took care of it, so I would buy from this source again.
255. Timely shipped. Like the boot compared to other expensive ones that turn on the foot in the night. I'm healing from an injury.
256. I take a liquid vitamin, but this product made me very ill! I took it with a meal, and about 5 min after ingestion, I became sweaty and vomited. I took it 3 other different times, per instructions and each time I became violently ill, throwing up. Does Youngevity have a money back guarantee?
257. After only one night of two doses, this product has helped me with my asthma, coughing and excess mucus.  I was also able to fall back to sleep immediately. I will be ordering another one very soon! I am shocked  and thrilled that I found something that actually works,  has no flavor and no horrible side effects!Ingredients: Active Ingredients HPUS:Eriodictyon californicum 8X (Yerba santa)Ipecacuanha 8X (Ipecac)Lobelia inflata 8X (Indian tobacco)Chamomilla 8X (German chamomile)Belladonna 8X (Deadly nightshade)Coffea cruda 8X (Coffee)Solidago virgaurea 8X (Goldenrod)Sambucus nigra 8X (European elder)Crataegus 8X (Hawthorn)
258. Very good for muscle relief of neck, back, arms, and legs.
259. I have utilized this in physical therapy and was extremely excited to find it on Amazon. I will continue to use it on a daily basis to help strengthen my wrist and forearm. It has been a great addition to my  work out routine, but anyone considering purchasing this should check with their physical therapist or doctor first.
260. Works well and price is good
261. I suffer from a chronic pain condition and sadly have found it necessary to buy a seat for my shower because I can no longer stand up long enough to shower without intense pain. I am on the younger side and the idea of having a medical supplies looking seat in my shower embarrassed me so much (well having a seat at all embarrasses me but we do what we have to right?) So i was thrilled to find these cute little bath stools. I was worried it wouldn't hold up as well but so far it's really perfect! It's comfortable, doesn't take up much room in my shower and it's cute! People think I bought it to get a spa like experience in my shower which works for me! Ha ha. :) The legs look thin in there photo but it has zero issues holding me up and it's perfectly sturdy. Claims to hold up to 300lbs and I feel safe using it. Thanks to the company who makes these, giving us more stylish choices for products we really wish we didn't need.
262. Loved this! I wondered how I would like it, my hair was dry in less than 15 minutes, I wasn’t sure how long to wear it so I probably wore it much longer than necessary. It doesn’t have instructions but everything is self explanatory. There’s a snaps so it stays on, and a travel pouch it comes in
263. this thing is a godsend. i was spending $100 on acupressure spa visits to lessen the pain in my neck. Using this the first time, brought tears to me eyes because it was so damn good. i was able to target the abd spot right where i needed it the most, plus the heat helps, wish it was more heat. i also wish the handles were loops because its a tad awkward to readjust from neck to upper or lower back as you have to remove from from inside the cuffs, minor thing really. but being able to hang arms inside the cuffs means you get to control how mnuch pressure is applied which is the key to delviering the massage. i was impressed at how well made this thing is, very good stitiching and love the red glow you get from the item. For the price I paid, its amazing value and really does work, it has helped to reduce my neck pains. I use it before going to bed and wake up with much lesser pains in my neck, I only wish I had bought this item sooner. I wish the nodes could be spaced further apart, its fixed position. this thing is really meant to be used mostly on the neck but since you can move it around you can target those sore spots any where. also works wonders on the lower calf!. not so great on lower back for me, nodes too close but again simply move it around to target the spot. I also wish the power cord were longer, you almost need a extension cord if you want to use it where ever, so keep that in mind, you'll need a power outlet where ever you plan to sit for the next hour!
264. We have been using Happy Bowls for the last couple of years and we wouldn't go camping without them.  These are the best invention since sliced cheese!
265. These actually do work. You DO have to wear them for a bit to let your eyesadjust it seems, but I noticed a huge difference (I could look down at my phone for two seconds to read an address without feeling like I was going to vomit). I don’t know how effective they’d be if you have mild motion sickness, but for people with really severe debilitating motion sickness I was so happy. Only gave 4 stars because they’re kind of cheaper feeling than they appeared in the picture, and plastic is super bendy so mine came bent kind of crooked but they still work. Look like a total idiot in the car but who cares!
266. simply the best, the size is huge, does not slide around and has a cutter.
267. This little broom and dust pan is perfect for cleaning up my bearded dragons cage. It gets 4 stars instead of 5 because sometimes the debris falls through the hole in the dust pan. Also, I only received one but the description said it was a set of two.
268. I've had my Waterpik for several years.  The hose finally tore.  I was worried I had to replace the whole thing and was so glad to have found this.  This replacement hose and handle was easy to install and worked fine.  Seems to work exactly like the original.
269. This pack was totally sweet! I hate shopping for supplements in those lame mall-supplement stores (cough, cough GNC). They're really not oriented at all towards the endurance athlete. I got a good mix of stuff I've used before and new items to try out. YOLO!
270. I'm very glad I came across this little device. I used to be a competitive rower, and during one summer of training I threw my back out. A physical therapist did some massage and manipulation on me, and I heard my sacro-illiac joint pop back into place. My back pain was gone for the rest of the summer. Since then I've been shocked to find that most physical therapists and chiropractors don't know about the SI joint issue, how common it is, and how greatly relieving pressure there can relieve pain in the entire lower back area. This device should be a standard part of every physical therapist's office.It also helped relieve my back pain on a recent long road trip. I highly recommend it after travel.Note that women over 5'10" especially who haven't had children, should get the 'male' version.
271. Uncomfortable but better hold than pro version
272. right on!
273. They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too small for me to even get them on.
274. They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too tight and uncomfortable for a man to wear.
275. I bought these for my daughters first birthday and aesthetically, they fit perfect. None of them were broken, cracked or damaged when I opened the box. Though they looked great and everyone thought they were cute, they didn’t taste good at all. I only subtracted one star for taste because that was not important to me, I solely bought this for decoration. If taste is a huge concern for you than I would say maybe these wouldn’t be your first choice. If you want something that looks cute on desert tables, center pieces, etc. and need animal themed candy these are perfect. I think for the price and the fact you get 12 suckers with 3 different animals, it is a steal and totally worth it .
276. I do like this product but it only has one hot temperature and although it has buttons to adjust the temperature of the brush, they don't do anything.
277. Flimsy fabrication. Very cheap feel. Returned.
278. This little water bottle is the right size for me. I bought it for use at the office. Its small size makes storing it easy since I have limited space at my cubicle. Its small size makes it more discreet than a full-size water bottle. The bottle is also small enough that I can slip my shirt over it for even more discreetness. And it's small enough to easily be filled up using the hot water dispenser at my offices' coffee maker. I only need a little bit of warmth in small areas, for example, the small of my back. It seems to hold heat longer than a fabric tube with dried rice inside it and once you have it positioned nicely it isn't a struggle to keep it in place.I also use the hot water dispenser at my work's coffee maker to fill it up. So it only takes 30 seconds to fill up my mini water bottle, instead of three minutes heating up a tube full of rice in the microwave.
279. A quiet hum so I know it's working. Not sure that it is really making a difference, but I like to think I breathe easier when this is plugged in.
280. Perfect for me as it can be easily adjusted and provides a great light source for close work. Easy on the eyes for extended computer work also. Stable base make it well balanced. However, you can still move it if necessary without much effort. Base fits under my sofa so I can get it nice and close to my work area.
281. The three cuts start to tear away from each other after around 100-200 swings. Additionally there isn’t enough weight to properly keep the mat in place.Next time I’m just going to spend the money on a larger, heavier duty practice mat.
282. Excellent organic essential oil at a very good price.
283. My only complaint with these molds is the size. Two millimeters is too small for an effective dose -- the 2 trays should come in a 5ml & 10ml size. Other than that, these are spot-on! I'd never made suppositories before & was afraid the caps on the bottom would be hard to remove from the directions they came with. But the caps pull off easily, no twisting needed. The pipettes make it easy to fill the molds without any overflow (use the pipettes once then toss them). And the individual molds & caps are easy to clean with a Q-tip dipped in alcohol. Definitely store your supps in the fridge once you make them & stick them in the freezer for 10 min. right before using them to prolong the melting time. This kit costs more than a 10-pk. of natural, plant-based supps that you'll find online, but it lets you make as many as you need, based on whatever formula suits your ailment. GOOD STUFF!
284. Works great next to our kitty litter box! Quiet and efficient. Highly recommend!
285. Used these last night they worked really well. I love that they are homeopathic and can be taken with other medications without worry of interaction.
286. Perfect size and works well
287. My dog takes heart meds every 6 hours and this is a great tracking method. Plus very solid even snaps shut for safety. You can grab one or more to take out for a day or two if you’d prefer.
288. These Reliable 1 Laboratories crumble in your mouth before you can get a glass of water to your lips.  It took 3 swallows to get the grit washed down.  I detect no taste at all, which helps, but I wonder if there is actually any omeprazole in them,
289. had some trouble at first because it didn't actually work with my water line in the 10 gallon tank. I adjusted and now it works fine. Really like the product!
290. I purchased this scale on April 10, 2016. Today is May 16, 2017 and my scale no longer works. I changed the batteries when they died and now when you stand on the scale it says scanning, step off, thinking and then err. Like many others I reset the scale, reset it up, left batteries out etc. I sought out the help page on Fitbit. 5 pages of people with the same problem. No response from Fitbit. I am very angry that my 13 month old $123 scale no longer works. I just bought a $17 digital scale to replace this. Bad show Fitbit.6117 Update: Fitbit reached out to me and sent me a replacement scale no charge after we tried a few things to reboot my original scale. Their customer service has been fantastic and was wonderful to work with. I really appreciate the good faith and of course the new scale. I will gladly purchase their products again.
291. Well made, sturdy and easy to use. The doors open in the same direction making it easier to get out pills.  The boxes are the largest I’ve seen.  Only problem is that the pills can get stuck in groove between am and pm boxes, but each row can be lifted out easily to get the pills out of the groove.
292. My husband tried these in his puma sneakers and the inserts are top thick for those sneakers. It ends up squeezing his feet. He did say that the insoles themselves were very comfortable.
293. For the price, this is fine. My problem was, I was having problems with my phone and had to take the back off ot get the battery out to reset. It is next to impossible to get the thing off without breaking it or knocking the diamonds off...
294. has a pleasant smell without being overwhelming. took care of the odor in the shoes.
295. I have heart issues-early, extra beats which to me, feel like the cold finger of death in my chest when they happen. They started becoming more regular and although the doctor said not to worry-pfft!, I did and still do. I began taking Coq10 3 months ago and was thinking today that I hadn't felt an early beat in some time now. I considered the stomach pain worth it, relatively. I received this bottle at a discount in exchange for my honest opinionreview and unlike the other brand I've been taking, this does NOT upset my stomach in any way, shape or form. I am thrilled! Coq10 does indeed help with 'brain fog', but, for me, the benefits to my heart are the be all & end all. If Coq10 upsets your tummy, do yourself a favor and try this brand!
296. great stuff , love this stuff
297. ===== RE: the Orange "Permanent Deaf-Maker" Ear Plugs AKA "Let's go to the ER at 5am" Plugs =====I put the orange plugs in and went to sleep.At 4am I woke up with pain in my left ear. I remove the right plug and try to remove the left plug, but the clear plastic nib comes out and leaves the plug in my ear.For the next hour I try to pull the plug out but I can't. It's painful and I'm worried I need to go to an emergency room. Without the clear plastic nib it's impossible to grab onto. I try tweezers, but I can't get a grip.At 5am, I wake up my neighbor and ask them for help. He tries the tweezers but it doesn't work. We decide to gently insert a wooden toothpick into the hole where the clear plastic nib used to be, and after about 30 minutes of very careful jiggling, we get it out.I cry.My neighbor consoles me. We go to bed. I can't sleep, my adrenaline has been activated. I normally wake up at 9am, so I lost 5 hours of sleep that night.This is DANGEROUS and should never be sold to consumers.===== RE: The Gummy Silicone Earplugs =====These are the most usable, but they worry me. They aren't effective unless the gummy part extends into the ear canal, which you're not supposed to do based on the directions, but if you do this it forms a vacuum seal and does pretty good at keeping sound out.The issue is that if you so much as tap your ear, you'll feel it on your ear drums because of the seal. You have to be VERY VERY VERY careful when you pull these out or you'll rupture your eardrums.If you put them in like you're supposed to, just covering the outside of the ear canal, they let almost all of the sound in still. They can't be used safely, in my opinion, and I recommend NOT using them in an unsafe way just to get them to work. I was desperate and so I did it the unsafe way, but don't do what I did.===== RE: The other earplugs =====The grey bomb-shaped ear plugs were not effective at all for me, they sat in my ear and let all the sound in still. They have clear plastic fins on them to pull them out, and although mine didn't break like the orange earplugs did, I would still be afraid of them being a safety hazard if they did break.The blue christmas-tree shaped earplugs seem the safest, they are all one piece of rubber and so it seems like a very low risk of breaking, and you can safely insert them and they seem to work. The only issue is they're not really meant to block sound so much as reduce volume, so I can still hear snoring, construction work, etc. Plus, they have a long piece that sticks out and prevents you from putting your ears on your pillow comfortably. If you sleep on your back, or you don't use them for sleeping, they would be fine. I'd recommend this pair to you if you just need to reduce noise and not block it out completely and don't sleep on your side.===== Quick Summary =====Except for the blue christmas tree shaped earplugs, I would recommend you just throw these ear plugs in the trash so you don't hurt yourself.
298. Your glasses may not slip as easily, but everyone will know you are wearing these as they as super thick and if your glasses are black they just stick out like a sore thumb. When I peeled them off they left a sticky residue that worked better than the pads themselves, but the residue wore off in a couple days.
299. Bought this to put in a small empty bedroom where I keep a litter box, it does a good job keeping the air clean. It is a bit noisy, but I don't mind that since it's in an empty room.
300. Color is nice and pattern is esthetic, but the paper stock is thinner than other brands and feels a little cheap. You get what you pay for (at least in this case).
301. There’s no hole in the applicator tip. Useless.
302. Doesn’t get hot enough & I’m a wimp with heat.
303. Love this product it really works
304. This lamp is very nice quality.  All the bulbs worked upon first charge.  Had purchased another version twice from another seller and both had arrived with some bulbs not working.  This is almost identical except it charges with included USC cord and has a 60 second button and a 90 second button.  Much better quality.  So far so good!
305. This item was a huge disappointment.  It is so thin and flimsy that you can hardly get a grip on it and it is very slippery and uncontrollable when trying to use it.  I bought it because you got 2 and they cost less than just 1 from Sephora.  But this is just one of those times you get what you pay for. I love the one I got from Sephora.  It is basically the same size but Sephoras silicone is thicker, therefore firmer and much easier to control when using.  The nubs and little soft brush scrubbers seemed to be the same but the Sephora one is just better quality.  The kicker was that I used this brand only 1 time, with makeup remover in place of a washcloth, and the foundation that was being removed actually stained the little brush like nubs!  So this is some very cheap quality, porous silicone material.  I have very sensitive skin so I like using these little gadgets as they are much less rough on my skin than a washcloth.  I only use this item for my makeup removal and find it is gentle enough to even do my eyes, with appropriate cleanser of course.  I have had mine from Sephora for a couple years and it is still like brand new.  I wanted a couple more for my travel bag.  I will be heading back to Sephora to stock up on a few more of theirs.  These two are going straight in the garbage.  The poor quality concerned me also as to a possible health risk.  No way of knowing the standards, chemicals and materials that were used as these were made in another country.  Not worth returning them.  The packaging was completely in Asian character print.
306. Easy to use and it feels like the best disinfectant job with no chance of eye irritation since only saline is left after six hours. That's the only rub though, if you want to put your contacts back in earlier, there's not way to rush the six hour disinfection and peroxide destruction time. You could flush them out and be OK, but you'd be interrupting the procedure. Should extend the life of RGP lenses since you won't scratch them with this approach where as digital cleaning can.
307. These hair cutting shears work wonderfully.  They're very sharp and cut with precision.  The price was extremely reasonable.  I would recommend buying these if you cut hair.  They're great to have around the house if you want to trim your bangs in between hair cuts.
308. Had one of these as a teenager my kids use them when they were growing up. Turned my roommate in the service on to then because we slept in the noisy barracks next to the day room. The better than a fan in the winter months inconvenient for traveling which is why I bought this one. If there is reliable as the ones in the past you're good for another 20 years.
309. Very good. Easy to apply.
310. I can't say if this really works for bugs because we were using every bug repellent there is but I can say there isn't a bug spray stench to it, which is nice.
311. So far it doesn't seem to live up to expectations. Supports libido? Not that I know what that means, but nothing's changed in that area. Boost energy and vitality? No... I even feel sleepier and I've had the same sleep pattern before and after taking this. I don't get pimples often so I can't answer for that. I will continue to use and see how it goes. I take it with water every morning, 4 drops, on empty stomach as advised on the info attached to this bottle.
312. I consume this in smoothies and it is easily blendable. 1 serving is a small scoop, around a tsp size, so it really lasts. That said, in that small amount you are getting a supplement highly enriched in the daily value of Vitamin A and B. It is a cracked cell wall form, so the nutrients are bioavailable. I didn't expect it to taste very good, so I try to hide the flavor with fruits for example, but it still kind of tastes like I am drinking a vitamin.
313. The taste is awful!  And you can’t return them.
314. the best. the only thing that can come close is the tea tree oil.
315. I love this corn and callus shaver ... very easy to use and does the job well.  My feet haven't been this pain free in a long time.
316. For the past 10 years, this is the easiest way I've found to give calcium to my 30 lb dog to supplement her home made diet. I use it with an "oral syringe": . I load it up every 10 days, squirt 1 ml into her dinner every night, that's it, no fuss no muss.  No refrigeration needed. Best of all, her bloodwork is always just about perfect. Being a product for humans, I can worry less about impurities that eggshells or pet-only products might have.I had a whole lot of trouble finding this for a while. My local pharmacy stopped carrying it because they couldn't get it. I couldn't find it anywhere online. In the meantime I tried a different calcium solution. It didn't have nearly the concentration and was very sticky. It meant giving my dog even more sorbate. That's not nearly as bad for them as xylitol, but it's always wise to keep artificial sweeteners to an absolute minimum for dogs. I ended up throwing it all out the minute I could restock on the Roxane version. Seems that Roxane had to recertify it or something? Anyway, it's still hard to find and I am very glad to have found it here.
317. the plastic ones were sticky on feet bc I used them with sandals maybe they would be fine with shoes with socks
318. Just what I expected.  Good price and great convenience to receive at home.
319. Product as described and fast shipping. Works great
320. zip lock works well - will buy more
321. Did not Fixed my unit .Would not shut off stuck on open when turned on sprayed continuously.Returned for a Refund.
322. Bulk Supplements are the best I've found! I have been doing ALOT of research on supplements and I love this company for a few reasons, mostly the purity of the products, no fillers on what I have gotten, and the price is affordable so I am more happy to try new items. I started researching these items for my cats. Glucosamine helps cats bladder tissue rebuild. The Chondrotin helps prevent damage to the bladder lining.  I only use this company for my cats because their systems are so delicate and having the supplements in powder form helps with dosing and the purity is a great bonus! Now I am trying new supplements for myself and I have this company to thank! I will be a life time buyer!
323. No complaints and no smell
324. This is EXACTLY what I was looking for for my vape "waxshatter" now I just need to figure out who to buy the dual coil dabber!
325. I love that it has a strap (I use it to sling it over my shoulder. It's also about half the size of the original purple cushion and therefore MUCH lighter and easier to carry. I use it at concert band rehearsal where usually I have terrible back pain but I had my first rehearsal Tuesday and I just had normal back pain,  not &#34;tear my spinal cord out by the root&#34; kind of pain.
326. I am very pleased with this sponge. The price is excellent. The only issue I have is that it doesn't seem to lay the makeup into my skin as well as brushes or fingers. I do not contour, I just wanted something that would apply foundation faster than a brush. It's really easy to keep it clean and sanitary. I would do 4.5 stars if I could. I gave one to a friend and they are pleased.
327. This is very similar to every other collagen powder I have tried, but it does have a hard time mixing in.
328. I was so excited to try these. I love coffee and tea, so that's what I mixed them with, as per the packet recommendations. The flavors were...interesting and different than I expected. Not bad! but not exactly yummy either. I think I would have to experiment to dial in what works best with which packet to really enjoy them, and the price is too high for me to justify chugging them like a vitamin shot. If you enjoy earthy tones in your coffee or teas, then you will probably like them more than me; I will fully admit I am picky. I also didn't notice any immediate benefits after just 2 packages, so I probably won't be buying them again.
329. I'm not thrilled with this, and I'm honestly thinking about returning it. This is a very comfortable &#34;brace&#34; that is floppy and fabric with little bulk so you could wear it under clothing almost all day. However, you can still slouch with it on, easily, and it slips on my shoulders so I'm constantly having to readjust it. I've done research though, and I don't think there is another kind of brace LIKE THIS that won't do that, so I've kept it and am struggling with it. I know it would be less comfortable, but I really think they need solid metal pieces in these for serious posture correction...So, I say it's great for what it is, It might be great for someone else. But I don't think this is what I need.
330. I'm really surprised these work. I wear them when I go out with friends and have found it much easier to hear them over the music, besides the music being much more tolerable. My ears aren't ringing when I leave and take them out, so my migraines aren't triggered as easily. Very happy with this purchase, I just wish they were a tiny bit more effective with the music.
331. I've noticed a reduction in appetite some days, which is good when I don't have time to eat lunch until 2 or 3. It doesn't make me nauseous or give me the jitters like some other products. I haven't notice too much of a change in body composition yet, but it has only been a few weeks.
332. I miss this flavor. Glad I found it. Works great for breakfast on the go
333. As described and a standard gel compress.  Price was very good and super quick delivery.  I don't use these very often, but when they are needed it's good to have a couple of them in the freezer.
334. Rotation sounded like a great idea, but I was cleaning overhead on a front porch and it was hard to control the direction.  If you are using it as intended and cleaning a deck floor you should be fine.
335. These dry sheets of laundry soap are great for travel.  I travel with carry-on luggage ONLY, even if I'm going for two weeks.  These dry sheets are very good for doing laundry along the way, and they meet carry-on regulations because they aren't in liquid form.  I've been using these on trips for three or four years.
336. Not good for thick hair! Takes a long time doing small sections at a time! However curls come out very nice if you have the time!
337. I like the creamy one better than the 'gel' one..  But - DMSO use has kept me knee bracesupport free every day (except for extreme hiking days) for the past close to 2 months!!!
338. Wow! I can tell my hair and nails are growing out thicker and stronger and I've only been using this for about 2 weeks. It might take you a while to take these if you have trouble taking pills because the serving size is 6 pills. I can take 10 pills at once so it's no issue for me. I understand that this supplement is made from whole foods, so it makes sense the serving size is more that one pill. You want to make sure it works and it does!
339. These are terrible quality and broke within a couple of days.  Do not waster your $
340. I wish I had started wearing ear protection to raves sooner! These are great, discreet, and comfortable. They block out the crappy noise and I can hear.my boyfriend talk without him having to scream in my ear. The first time I was the only one wearing them, I could hear him but he couldn't hear me. I let him try them and he was impressed. We bought him his own pair.
341. I’ve used this twice. The stability is awful! This has completely fallen apart. No longer glued together to even use. Do not recommend
342. This is a great flat iron! It has some weight so it feels great pulling hair through it. It heats up quickly and the end  has rubber to protect your fingertips! Leaves hair nice and silky!! So glad I hought this!!
343. There's nothing premium about this paper, unfortunately. It arrived folded multiple times to fit the envelope! Unusable at this point.
344. Good quality flights and good thickness.  Wife wanted them and she really likes the way they look.
345. Do not bother. The idea is not a bad idea but this is so tiny, it is a joke. I can't be any more honest that that.
346. My perfume did not transfer into the bottle, instead all over me.... Ive used products similar to this before and this just did not work at all!
347. Yosemite are high quality, and have reinforcement rings for holding them against the brick pillars on our four porch.
348. Returned it.  didn't work for me
349. Adhered well and are staying in place after 2 wears.  Unknown how product will reduce slipping after many wears.
350. Worked great at first then stopped working right after return window was closed !
351. Both my bags busted when I tried to use them and I had to reinforce that with tape and they look awful If you feel like this was helpful to you in anyway please click the button below :)
352. I make miniature Barbie doll accessories.  I use these bags to put my product in. They are a great size and protect my pieces when shipping to customers. This size is perfect for holding my handmade miniature wedding cakes and baskets.
353. It either flat out doesn’t work or the hairs that stick out of my nose aren’t long enough for the blades to reach.... might work for others but not for me
354. Not completely sure it works but I leave it plugged in my kitchen going 247. Looks nice and has an ambient light.
355. Work great for my husband.  Very well made.
356. Second time ordering and they are fresh . Not dried out or stale like others selling the same product.
357. It is more on the sweet side than salty. In my opinion, it cannot replace regular soy sauce in recipe. But it makes a great table condiment on rice or meat dishes. And it is gluten free. Will definitely buy again! Thank you Bragg!
358. These are a lot higher than I had hoped.  In order to get them to stay on they have to be above the cups.....if they had a longer attachment they would fit me properly.  They are ok.
359. Can’t hear at all with these.
360. I'm not big on air fresheners but I really like this one.  It's not a heavy perfumy smell, it's more of a natural pine scent.
361. I bought this because it claimed to be organic and contain organic ingredients, but absolutely NOTHING on the bottle label supports those claims. The labeling shown in the ad that references organic is not any part of the product label. The narrative calls this organic bubble bath. Sadly, it doesn’t appear to be. Either the product descriptions need to be corrected or the product label does. This was a lot to pay for non organic bubble bath.
362. Nobody to blame but myself, you get what you pay for.  I used this thing for just a few minutes before it had to come off and hasn't been used since.  Save your money & get something that is fully functional.
363. Gf loves it.
364. Happy with how affordable this is and that it’s wireless
365. Helps organize and keeps me on track with my medication.  In a few moments I am set for the next week.
366. I love these exfoliating face sponges. The texture is perfect for the face. Once it gets wet the sponge expands a little bit which gives you more of the material to use. The 2 features for me that make this stand out from the others is 1) the back has a small pocket for you to slide your fingers in and you can use as much or as little pressure as you choose with 2 fingertips. 2) it has a sturdy string type material firmly attached at the end which is nice so you can hang it after using it and it dries quickly and evenly. Very convenient!Packs a big punch for a little item!
367. Cheap & thin.  Nothing like the original cover
368. Cools drys quickly and relieves pain as stated. I had foot surgery 3 years ago and still am tortured from pain day to day and this has seriously helped to soothe the pain away.
369. Works good not to strong but strong enough
370. You may think this cost too much, but it is worth the money. Work your way up take one tab to the 4 a day and you will feel much better. Me & hubby is taking this.
371. Just dont mistake this for regular solution or you will have red eyes for days.. OWWWW!!!
372. I think my machine was too far gone for this to work. :
373. This is a really good wrap and the price is right.  The length is perfect so you can comfortably sit or lie down while wearing it and the material is soft.  The emerald color is nice and I find the velcro is more comfortable against the skin than on other wraps.  Also with microfiber the velcro doesn't pull the threads like with cotton. I don't dry off with it but I use it as a bathrobe and often wear it around the house in the morning or before bed at night.  You could probably sleep in this very comfortably and I'll try it on cold nights this winter.  I own a couple of the shorter cotton wraps and this one is longer so I don't feel uneasy about being seen wearing it and I have worn them to sit outside on my deck so I don't feel like I'm wearing a towel.  I also like it because I sunbathe nude and I can lie down on it and wrap up quick if necessary.  I know most people buy these as a &#34;utility&#34; garment, but I recommend it for lounging around in.
374. I order this tissue paper often and find it very useful for wrapping packages and using as a pretty filler for mailing small packages.
375. All three of these broke with minimal ease of use within minutes.  DO NOT BUY!!! I paid $10 for pure trash!
376. I bought these eyeglass cases to replace an identical, old case. My original case lasted 10 years. Glad to find this value pack. Love the magnetic closure. They were well package that arrived on time.
377. Best facial tissue manufactured EVER in the course of human history! Yes! I have tried them all, even those ones that leave wooden splinters embedded in one's eye and nose. Ouch! That was THE MOMENT when I decided to buy Puffs Plus With Lotion exclusively. I have accidentally washed & dry them & they never fall apart and ruin the wash load, as others do. Fabulous tissue quality. Will never use any other tissue. I love this tissue so much I subscribe. It was exceedingly well packaged and arrived on time.
378. This is the best kava capsule out there. I have made kava the traditional way for years and have recently quit due to the ease of just taking a capsule. I have tried other capsules and have had little to no luck getting any results. This takes my anxiety away, calms me down and just makes me feel super shnazzy!!
379. I don't taste it - add it to my smoothie daily - but I wouldn't mind the taste if I did taste it - I like mushrooms. This is keeping my brain happy during this awful year (2020). I recommend it!
380. I'd have to say it's the first time I've reviewed a product works as advertised but still only gets 1 star. The manufacturer doesn't try to hide the fact that it will keep your bong cleaner, but not clean. Honesty is refreshing.However, I have a triple honeycomb disk ice bong and RezBlock seems to create a film of its own above the uppermost disk where it only receives liquid during a hit. When not being hit for a while, that section sits and dries, leaving a pink tinge to the resin buildup in that area. Being that it's an ice bong, I can't access that area from above to clean it separately. To be honest, it's pricey considering I still have to break out the RezCaps, pickling salt, and isopropyl every three days anyway.No one shows off a new, state of the art bong that's NEARLY clean.
381. I bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend.  She loves it.  It's tracking her, her young son and myself now and we have it tied into each of our Fitbit accounts.  I also tricked my mother and sister into buying one for each other for xmas.  Hopefully this will inspire them to take charge of their fitness moving forward.
382. They work wonderfully while I workout at the gym
383. They are life savers for my feet
384. My husband & I have both broke our placards and these covers have enabled us to still hang the card.Well worth the money!
385. Very well made, and give just enough extra room to be able to wear pants that were getting too tight.
386. Im loving this stuff, even though it has Splenda in it. It tastes great. And I can tell it’s real because when i add it to my water, just like actual tea, it makes me have to pee!Update: Jan2019; i notice this helps me to drink much more water. Plain water just doesn’t always appeal to me, i have never drank enough. This is kind of a life saver in that way!
387. Purchased this chair from the buyer and after a few months, it began fading to now a  year later the chair has completely lost its color.  Upon further research and seeing other sellers offer warranties for the chair, I contacted this seller only to send a very rude email stating for me to " WASH CHAIR WITH SOAP AND WATER".  The chair is not worth what you are paying,  especially when other sellers offer warranties - please do yourself a favor and don't purchase this chair from this seller - find another who will back up there product with warranty.
388. Keeps my house smelling wonderful. Lasts a long while.
389. This may get the water out of your ears, but it really burns. Got this for the kids and tried it on myself first and it wasn’t pleasant. Won’t be using it again
390. These protein bars are my new favorite.  I have tried the chocolate creme and the cookie dough.  Chocolate creme is just ok but the cookie dough is outstanding.  I have eaten bars for almost 15 years and these are one of the best ones I have ever had.  The triple layer is very unique.
391. Awesome is my first reaction. I love it. It is light weight and works great for my needs.
392. Couldn't be happier with this purchase!  Colonics have literally saved my life! I was diagnosed with a Pelvic Floor Dysfunction which led me to the inability to have a bowel movement on my own. And that, undoubtily,  led to all sorts of problems, health issues and diseases:- Auto-immune- Lupus- Chronic Fatigue- Epstein Barr- Hypo Thyroid Hatchimotos (sp?)- Fibermyelgia  ... prior to this, I was extremely healthy!  My career was in fitness. But after years of major constipation (at least 30 yrs), my &#34;then&#34; healthy body couldn't fight off the toxins anymore.  I became so toxic and sick.  There were days I could hardly get out of bed, but when I did - all I could think about was when I could lay back down and take a nap again.I'm a mom of a young family.  This unhealthiness was unacceptable, buy I was clueless regarding what I could do about it.  So I decided to doctor at the world famous Mayo Clinic, with the best docs in the world!!  After months and months of tests, the ONLY thing they could come up with was to remove my colon and live with a colostomy bag the rest of my life!!!  I was so depressed, but didn't believe I had any other choice.  Right before my surgery, my husband suggested I go see a Naturalpathic doctor to see if they could help me in any way. They chose to take me on as their most challenging, constipated patient client.  A BiG part of regaining my health was getting professional colonics. Do you know how expensive those things are? Between $60-$100!!!  I was getting one a week for 18 months (yes, that's how impacted I was). I knew this couldn't continue doing this as who can afford a life-style of this? I sure couldn't on my income. My extended family felt so badly for me, they would gift me with a colonic a month, just to help me out , when they could.  But I was still paying thousands out of my own pocket to continue this major cleanse I needed.  I thought I'd eventually have to just give in and use the &#34;bag&#34; as it was more &#34;affordable&#34;!  That's when I found out about this colonic board! Best info I've ever received!!  Changed my life!!  I ordered it immediately, it came in the mail that week, and I set it up (very simple) and went right to work.  During my first colonic, while using it - I had tears in my eyes.  It worked!!! What an answer to prayer.  No more having to pay for all those professional colonics.  On a side note, I just finished a radical 8-day detox cleanse, and using my colonic board daily was a big part of that .  I now feel better than I have in years! I'm not kidding.  I lost my bloated weight, I've got never ending energy,, my body nor my joints hurt anymore, I cant wait to get out of bed in the mornings, I'm happier ... no longer depressed, etc.  I am forever grateful to my new colonic board that has given me back not only my health, but my life!PS - Just to warn you, I've never met a 'Western' medical doctor who has approved of this practice, so don't expect them to be jumping up and down on your new-found discovery with you. But at the same time, I've never met a doctor - nor any person, who had as bad of a Chronic Constipation problem as I had.
393. Good product, well made.
394. Got this for photo and video shoots where &#34;wardrobe malfunctions&#34; can't happen without requiring re-shooting.  The only thing that will hold outfits in place tighter (and not take skin off) is double-sided wig tape, but it is tough to conceal the tape outline if the fabric is thin.  This is in the middle of the spectrum between heavy duty &#34;Stickum&#34; sprays and the wig tape.Four stars instead of 5 because the applicator tip is less than ideal.  This product used to come packaged like a &#34;glue stick&#34; which seemed to be less messy than the applicator tip that come on this one.
395. As expected, but can't hang on the side of a wheelchair because it's too long and rubs against the wheel.
396. Fit a little small, but very pretty
397. Reviews are correct the floss function is messy. Works well though.
398. I like to walk around the neighborhood and pick up trash, and this thing is Great!  I can walk with a bag, and a grabber hand, and easily keep the bag open to put stuff in it.  Then it collapses on itself when you let it drop back down like a briefcase, so trash doesn't blow out.
399. I have plantar fasciitis and these do help some. I should say, I have a serious 7 year problem in both feet so it could be more helpful to someone with a lesser issue.
400. Did not fit the Pedegg model I have. The value and quality was great, but sadly I had to return them.
401. Excellent product that is precise and doesn't pull skin with the hair.
402. Nice Fabric made to last years. Wood scratches easy. The heat works very well
403. Overall, this is an okay toothpaste. Not the best. Not the worst, and overpriced for what it claims (and fails) to do. I've been using it for several weeks and haven't noticed any significant improvement in my oral health, tartar levels, or whiteness. It's minty and on the thinner side. It's not meant to foam, but I feel I need more than average amounts to properly brush my teeth. My teeth feel clean, but not moreso than they do with other toothpastes. I'll stick with the Periogen mouth rinse.
404. Pretty rough and started to unravel on second use. Pretty color but that's about it 😣
405. Mixes very easy, tastes great, I mix it with almond milk.  I’m going to make some popsicles and see how that works as a treat.
406. This fwidget is just way bigger than I anticipated.  I was thinking it would be the size of a pink eraser and it's almost as big as my iPhone4s.  I will be surprised if it fits in his pocket.  I don't see how my son is supposed to inconspicuously use this in class, but will update if I change my mind on it due to his experience.
407. The glue tabs are not going to hold this.  I used pins eventually after having it fall down several times.  It does require some slight assembly as the letters are not all connected like it appears in the picture and do not come on the ribbon.  Not really a big deal though.
408. If I could give this 10 Stars I would! This is the second product I purchased to clean our Napoleon wood burning fireplace glass doors. The first product required harsh scrubbing and many reapplications to get the soot off. With this product the soot practically falls off, no scrubbing, absolutely effortless. Amazing product.
409. I will buy this product again.  Very high quality oil.
410. These have have been a lifesaver throughout COVID. My kids don’t give any pushback using these. Easily attach to the ear straps on the mask and are perfect length for kiddos! They last and are extremely durable with all the wear and use we’ve gotten out of them. They do wash well too which is a plus!
411. Can't taste this at all. I put it in my coffee in the morning when I remember 😂 but I do like the fact that you can mix it with anything, stir and you're done. No after taste, isn't in the bottom of your cup. Would recommend..
412. Product didn't work for me.  I require a high temp to style my hair.  It really doesn't get hot enough . May be fine for others but not for me.
413. AMAZING product!!! After years or battling with one toenail this was recommend by a doctor. Used several times daily and all clear!!!!!
414. The sugar in this mix is "enzymatically modified stevia" That does not occur in nature, so in my opinion is not "naturally sweetened" as stated on the package (that is why I took off two stars). Initially I was not crazy about the flavor, you can easily taste an after taste. But this stuff really grows on you and I actually started craving it. It is now my favorite protein powder mix. I want to buy other flavors from this company. This review was written because they offered me a free container.
415. Delicious! I must be the only person who likes the taste of this stuff!
416. Great quality and price
417. I have the original tush cush which looked a little big for my car seat so I thought I would give this compact one a try.  This one does indeed look better in the seat but it is smaller, and taller than the original.  I am not a big guy but this cushion is too small and thus provides less support.  As a result it is less comfortable than the original.  So after giving it a try,  I am returning it and am back to using the original.
418. I use this to teach patients how to do self mobs and send it home with them. Works great. Wide band and string claspe.
419. Too hot - despite what ad says - burned eye lids - did not curl or straighten lashes
420. I love it its perfect
421. In theory I love this product however it really didn't work that well maybe it's cuz I wear makeup but I feel like half the world words make up
422. some of the capsules were clumped together... too many of them actually
423. Love the flavor.
424. Informative, lightweight & sturdy
425. I will not go back to bio freeze. This product is amazing,  heat comes on slowly. They can be difficult to remove especially in humid weather. Just remove in the shower. I took these on a yoga retreat and shared it with my companions and everyone was in awe!!!!  like the nice ginseng smell
426. They cut very well and are as advetised.
427. These are not really cheap, but they do last a long time.  The scent is gentle, but it drifts through a large space.  We love them!
428. These were great tissues. Good for dry noses as well.
429. Just as described
430. Just as described. Would buy from this seller again
431. Ordered the plus size for my sister. It was tight on my and I am a 34 in bra sizes.
432. You will need to buy a rubber insert or gaskit because it does not fit any scooter post no matter how much you tighten it, it’s too big. I had two different scooter brands and birthed fit it without the rubber gasket I bought at a hardware store. So your basket twirls and eventually starts to scoot down on your scooter. Otherwise I love it. I can’t carry my cell, purse, TV clicker anything!!
433. I got this to replace a plastic Sterilite stool I used to get into my very high bed.  The plastic stool had cracked and was unsafe. This stool is heavy duty, sturdy and stable. It came fully assembled in an extra thick cardboard box. It has crossbars between the legs to give more strength. It has a non-slip surface on the step and does not slide on the floor.  I'm glad I spent the extra money and got this stool that I expect will last a lifetime.
434. I purchased this toner a few weeks ago. I was looking for something that hydrated my skin. Some toners dry your face out. Not this one! My face felt moist and clean. Dreamy!!!!
435. I tried first day! Super cute and really comfortable!
436. I love this brush.  My roommate bought a different one that was less expensive and didn't leave your hair as nice.  From root to tip my hair really looks nice.  I have curly hair and blow my hair straight.  I use the brush for maintenance at the root or when I wake up and the bottom of my hair is a little curly again.  I definitely recommend.
437. I feel like i look silly wearing it. But totally love this head wrap. Very soothing
438. Works great - and I think it's good for your gums too!
439. My kids have always been scared of bandages - they worry the bandage will hurt more than the cut.With these, it was "fun" to put one on.  They work as good as any brand name bandaid - they stick well, but come off easy enough when needed.  Some bandaids stick to the point of hurting when they come off, these don't.The only downside - my kids wanted to put these on all the time, so ended up wasting them for fun, rather than using for real cuts :)Good stocking stuffer.
440. Scent is much better than other pet mess sprays but it isn't the cure-all for cat pee. I caught the accident moments after it happened and followed all instructions. I followed up with a second application and thought the urine smell was gone! It lingers when humid or the AC is on.Much better than others though, including nature's miracle.
441. These are just like the ones they put in your car at the carwash and the smell lasts a long time.
442. My.club won't let me tan unless I have eyewear..I put these on my keychain with my.computer.pass and bingo. Never without
443. Great product a bit pricy which is,why I didn't notice this was 30 caps not 60. There is also 500mg and 300 MG sizes. Shop smart!
444. Have bought this many times- this time- they have changed the formulaflavortexture- it is HORRIBLE!! Will not buy again, This happened with the MRM protein powder as well, why the change??
445. Waste of money
446. Delicious and excellent quality!
447. This is the worst tooth floss I have ever used.  You will be able to clean between two teeth before it breaks ........Even if you double it up it still breaks. Very very thin.  It would be good for hanging Christmas decorations.  It would be impossible to floss your whole mouth with one strand without it breaking.
448. Great PRODUCT FAST SHIPPING
449. Love this product!!! It really works!  And tastes delicious!!
450. yum!!  smells really good!  very subtle
451. My honey's 40th birthday is coming up and I can't wait to put this on the roller for his birthday.  The images on it are vibrant and easily visible just like pictured here.  It's going to be great and a funny start to his day.
452. use them all the time
453. Dull after a shorter period of time than another brand, plus there is no inner nail cleaner part.
454. Don't waste your money, no difference between this one and the cheaper version. This one is extremely loud and vibrates so hard on high that the attachments actually vibrates off. The intensity is nothing to write home about. Save your money and purchase the Wahl therapeutic model
455. Love these!
456. I purchased this wrap for after the shower while I'm getting ready for work. It's thin, but still absorbent, and the color is a pretty blue. The velcro is easy to attachdetach when putting on the wrap. The length could be shorter for me to love it, but it still serves the purpose, and well!
457. These scales are accurate and hold up well with 4 women using them on a daily basis. They are a breeze to move around and super easy to read, even in the dark. They're black and sleek, which adds to their appeal. This was a good purchase.
458. Works just as described and as a little side effect, sometimes young people (teens) say it emits a very high pitched whistle which we old people can't hear. I tested by turning it off and on and asking them when they heard the noise. Maybe a dog whistle, a lighter and a bottle opener?
459. The only bag out of the three that has any major decoration is the red one in the center, which has the more &#34;3D&#34; stockings. The other two are simple and have no &#34;pop out&#34; decorating. They are simple and boring and would cost $2 at any store. This is not worth the $12 I paid.
460. Just started using it, but I can say last night was the first night my feet didn't hurtburn all night! :-) excited to see what it brings in the near future!
461. This product was amazing I took as instructed and my cardiologist said my cholesterol did lower. While I can't say it was solely this product I have to say it had to have been part of the reason. It was easy to take and there was no reaction to the supplement. I am definitely keeping this in my daily routine.
462. Got this for my 13yr. old grandson-he carries it with him always.
463. Highly recommend this product.  I take it instead of blood pressure medicine!
464. It’s great for carrying aspirin and way more attractive.
465. Great for anyone with jaw issues lol
466. Yummmmyyy scents!!!! I could smell the delicious smelling scents even before I opened the box!!!! These bombs dissolve beautifully and  leave the room smelling great! Warning, I used one that had glitter and it was a bit messy... :).  I store them in a drawer until I go to use one so they can double as a sachet!!
467. This stuff is amazing. Leaves your face very clean and yet not over stripped. Nice scent not strong. Will buy it again.
468. Awesome product really works & works really well on Glass shower doors.
469. Wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
470. The product is just as described. Fresh, raw and organic. Great! It's convenient that the container has a zip closure that actually works well and provides a moisture-proof seal. I read that sesame seeds are beneficial for osteoarthritis in the knees. I'm trying to include 2 Tday in my diet. This product works well for me.
471. Seems to do what it is supposed to do.
472. They fell off the same day I put them on. Waste of money. I tried 4 different pairs.
473. This mask is comfortable enough, but is not opaque. The fabric blocks maybe 80% of the light in a sunlit room, which is not enough for me to sleep well in a brightly lit space.
474. Really effective and gentle.  Two of us take these every day... and have been &#34;happy&#34; for the past 10 years on this product.  Dr. Christopher is a good line.
475. Super thick layers that really don't lie flat against your face. Found this mask to be fairly uncomfortable and always choose another over it.
476. GREAT STUFF....The only fish oil that significantly lowered my cholesteroltrig levels within a couple of months!!  ALSO.....no nasty FISH burping taste!!!  The ONLY way to go!
477. Looks great on my desk at my car dealership!
478. Sorry to give this only a 2 star review, but my biggest issue is the steam. The steam button is supposed to be automatically pressed when the 2 plates touch, but I tried several times & with several settings and NO STREAM IS COMING OUT. The steam was the main reason I bought this, but now it's just a regular iron. If you work for this company, please let me know what to do to get the steam out automatically. This is not convenient at all, and I'm very disappointed.
479. Very disappointed.The temperature on the screen was wrong, and the brush just made my hair frizzy and unmanageable. I would like a refund.
480. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the product. It really is a sample size item. It didn't contain enough product for me to say if it really works or not. For the price I would shop another product over this one.
481. Got the layers of grease off the cabinets from the place I rent. Couldn't stop touching the cabinets because they felt like new! Careful though, on certain surfaces it can abrasive.
482. Doesn't that picture look tall, firm, and sturdy????  It's not.  And it moves around all over the place. Whoever designed it never sat on it every day  -  couldn't have.
483. Husband loves this warm and cozy item.  Should have had one in the beginning.
484. I am really excited to find a non-fish source of omega 3s! And in a gelatin-free gummy too! As a vegetarian, this is a huge discovery. I am bewildered at the reviewers who mention anything about a fishy taste or smell. This is an entirely plant-based product. It tastes like a fruity gummy vitamin. The only thing I would change is the quantity in the bottle. This may not make a difference to many consumers, but I bought this in conjunction with another WOW supplement. This bottle contains 30 servings, while the other product contains 50 servings. It would be far more convenient if the products contained the same number of servings so they are on the same refill schedule. Otherwise, I'm very enthusiastic about this new supplement discovery. I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
485. My hubby said new shaver heads fit perfectly and shave nicely. I returned to buy a spare set, however, the price had doubled...No thanks!
486. great replacement for my favorite running shoes
487. The other reviews about a medicinal, metallic smell were right, I should have listened.  I''m not a fan of this one.  Would NOT put in my drink.  It's okay for defusing.  Just doesn't smell right.
488. I am surprised at how heavy and well made they are.  They really do what they state.  It is very easy now to lay in bed and watch tv without causing pain in my neck.  I didn't really like reading with them, because I need reading glasses, so trying to wear two pair of glasses at the same time is just not comfortable for me.  My husband liked them so much, that even though he doesn't have a neck injury, he wants a pair, just because he said it was so comfortable watching tv laying flat on your back.
489. These compression socks are super comfortable, easy to get on and easy to get off. The wide calf design makes these super comfortable for long term wearing. To me they felt like I was wearing socks but still provided me with the supportcompression I need. The price for this pair is still less than I paid for one compression sock from the drug store and isn't nowhere near as comfortable as these. Will purchase more even though I only need one compression sock.
490. The best beard trimmer I have ever owned.  Long battery life! Easy to change and control trimmer depth.
491. Great Workout Capris.  There are a little thicker than expected and the material dries a little slower than other pairs I have in different brands but great for running.  Easy to move in these capris breathable material.  There is a lot of stretch to these.  If anyone is trying to figure out there proper size I am 5'10&#34; 162 lbs Waist: 32&#34; Hip: 39&#34;
492. Light flavor, everyone in my family do not mind taking this supplement.  Even better if you wash down with some juice!
493. This has a very weird taste I like the chocolate and vanilla. The company itself was great
494. So useful!!  Very sturdy.
495. I have insanely high arches and size 14 feet. The size was great. The arch was as high as I was reasonably expecting, which should be fine for most people that just want some support. Really look for a shoe with support as a long-term solution, but these are good for short term.
496. Love this. It’s awesome not to have the heating pad fall off all the time and the cover is very plush and comfortable.
497. I have not used these yet but they seem good, heavy quality at a great price
498. I bought this to make homemade macaroni and cheese. It was perfect the first time. Cheese is basically a suspension of water, milk, milk fats, and other stuff turned solid. When you melt it, all that stuff separates and becomes gross. Sodium citrate stops that from happening, keeping cheese's ingredients mixed together. This is the same reason why Kraft Singles, Velveeta, and nacho cheese don't get all gross when melted. Why not use the same ingredient in your home kitchen?Cook one pound of elbow macaroni and drain. In the stockpot, mix about a pint of milk, half a stick of butter, and a teaspoon of this stuff. Let it get nice and hot, stirring constantly to mix it all together well.Now dump in four cups of whatever shredded cheese you want, a little bit at a time, stirring until melted. Once all that is all added and melted, mix in the elbow macaroni.Simple, and it works great. You can vary the amount of sodium citrate as well as milk to get different consistencies.
499. This stuff does exactly what it says it will do. Relieve pain and make you feel better.  Happy!
500. This file gives my nail edge a very smooth finish, unlike an emery board file.
501. These were nice enough, but I did notice some cosmetic defects in the surface on 2 of the 3.  Disappointed with that.
502. A great concept - used these on a trip to Singapore (TSA compliant). I found I had to use more than one sheet - a single sheet didn't seem to create any cleaning atoms in the sink. Once I got 2-3 sheets per sink, I was satisfied with the result.
503. We keep these around for the trades working through the punch list through out our house.  They like them because they easily fit over their boots.
504. I'm pregnant with twins and have been getting a lot of back pain and abdominal strain which I know will just keep getting more pronounced as I get bigger so I have been looking for a support garment.  I borrowed one of the single-strap type supports you can get at Motherhood and I found that to be really uncomfortable - it was uncomfortable while I was sitting down, it didn't stay in place very well and rather than help with the pressure on my bladder, it made it feel worse. Clearly I needed something better.I ordered this prenatal cradle and had a lot of relief immediately.  It has seriously improved my lower and upper back pain and abdominal strain.  I find it easier to lift and carry things and just getting up off the couch is easier.The "adjustablility" of this model was one of the reasons I bought it and I have to say, its nothing to write home about (3 sets of hooks that are pretty widely spaced) but better than nothing.  The company says this will fit 150 - 220 lbs.  I am 156 lbs and found I have to wear it on the middle set of hooks to avoid uncomfortable compression but maybe thats just how I'm carrying.All in all, I would say if you are getting big and don't have super-strong core muscles, this support can really help improve your pregnancy experience.  I wish I hadn't waited to buy this - get it before you HAVE to have it and save yourself some pain.
505. Taste is okay but it doesn't mix at all like to the point that you drink immediately after stirring and it's still grainy. I saw other reviews that said the same thing but I thought it couldn't be that bad so I ordered and it was worse than I was expecting aww
506. Great product, it worked great and was an easy fix. I would purchase again!
507. They last forever just sitting in a drawer.  The battery itself is a 2000 MAH unit and goes forever once put in use.  It recharges and repeats this hundreds of times and yet appears like new.
508. hard to mouse, write and if tight will cut off circulation.  It does stabilize your thumb but does get warm, I am looking for a lighter and less bulky model
509. WORKED WELL-- DO NOT USE NEAR EYES--as they say.
510. What a relief! I broke my tailbone 3 times when I was younger & I believe I have arthritis so this a great help thank you
511. The socks began shredding the first time wearing.They worked as described but fell apart doing the job!
512. It could be a little stronger?
513. This eye mask is great! The package comes ready to be given as a nice gift with the box and paper. The mask itself blocks out any and all light. The plush cushion provides enough room for you to be able to open your eyes even without being squished. The strap is what makes it for me, it’s adjustable and flush so it’s not being tangled up in your hair or pulling it out.
514. I was expecting more .. In my opinion there wasn't enough especially for the size of the package..
515. Holds both of my EpiPens.  Seems pretty sturdy.  I added a carabiner so I could attach it to my backpack.  I like that the color stands out.Edit: I've had my original for 6 years now and it's just now starting to show wear.  It's held up really well.  I'm ordering a new one to replace it and hopefully it lasts just as long.  Very happy with this product!
516. Bought this to make homemade fog fluid for my fog machine.  Mixed it with distilled water and couldn't tell the difference between the homemade solution and the store bought brand.  Also works well with potassium permanganate as a quick fire starter for all of you science enthusiasts.
517. These are my favorite pill containers for the bathroom. I have about 3 pills I take at night. Also perfect for fitting in my bag I take on trips. Love the bright colors!
518. Item was not what I expected. The pill compartments were to small for what I needed. Not fond of the design. Meaning how you got the pills out.
519. This product does curb appetite.  It allows me to not eat midlessly but make the right choices.  I do also notice an improvement in my energy levels.I have not been excercising since I started taking this product.  I will update the review once I start working out.  So I feel that this product is worth some attention.
520. It works as described. I recommend this product.
521. This chair is not intended for all day use.  This far after only 4 mos is it loose where the seat meets the base. The cushions are now flat and it now requires a pillow on the back and the seat.  Save your money and biy a real chair
522. I love them! Very decent amount and size. Very good for energy healing work.
523. A little in my morning coffee does the trick!
524. Love this product. It was inexpensive and was delivered quickly. I love all the cute patterns on the wrap. Worked well for my dog’s foot. I love that you get two different sizes as well. Great product!
525. glad to finally find one that actually counts while safely in a pocket after having had so many get lost clipped at waist or to shoes etc.  I dont' need absolute accuracy but it seems about right. :)  Resets itself daily too, so I'm pretty much unable to mess myself up!
526. Love this shoe deodorizer.... it was just what I was looking for and it has a nice Pine scent to it and is not overbearing!  I recommend it for everyone!
527. These were great support for my daughter recovering from weakness and pain in her knees from running.Good product and prompt delivery.
528. It's a straw and as long as liquid comes up it's good! Color is pretty too!
529. So happy with these napkins. A bit pricey, so I only use for company. People definitely notice that these aren't ordinary napkins.
530. waste of money. doesnt clean anything
531. This nail file is small enough to carry in your purse. It is a little thicker than some other crystal nail files, which also makes it more sturdy. I prefer the thinner crystal nail files generally, but this does a good job as files go.
532. Works well. Does not leave a residue on your facenose.
533. If you don't mind 12 grams of fat in your cookie then these are great.  Excellent flavor.  The chocolate is dark and in small chunks, probably from the bars they make.  Pretty wrapper if you were handing them out as a reward.
534. It's taffy-like.  The flavor is just okay for me.  I prefer their Espresso bar (which has to be heated).
535. Love the slide cutting device on this plastic wrap.Great product!
536. Do the job very nicely..great cushionHave purchased before
537. The magnisoles seem to be helping my husband more than any other insole.
538. Will buy these again and again.
539. This product I take at night to help me relax and get a good night sleep. It has also helped with leg cramps. I love this product.
540. Used it for several weeks.  Went by directions not sure if it worked at all. But left a bad taste in the mouth daily.
541. quit working after a few months. waste of money.
542. Lovely aroma, it smells also like cologne? It's really strong but I got used to it after one day. Many happy compliments from anyone that has gotten into my car.
543. Overall a great product. Good for your nails, hair,skin.
544. I like that the straws come individually wrapped (since I probably won't be drinking boba tea on a daily basis and these will end up getting thrown and knocked around in a kitchen drawer). Perfect size for bubble tea pearls.
545. This was ordered as a replacement for ours that had cracked. It fit perfectly and works perfectly.
546. Won’t but again … teeth on flat iron  get caught in my hair . I had clip them off this wire cutters
547. Nothing special. The pennant flag banner is see-through plastic and doesn’t look as nice as what’s in the picture.
548. Seems to be well made and fits as expected, my daughter is very happy with it!
549. Great quality and lovely colors.  Better than I expected for the price!  Does a great job on my nails and doesn't cause splitting like emery boards.
550. This stuff is like a miracle. I use it for all kinds of things, burns, cuts, blemishes.. Heals fast
551. It is awesome they came with cases for storage.I have very sensitive ears that hurt with the expanding kind. I have worn the swimmer wax ones but hated how they caught in my hair or dislodged over night. I work night shift so sleep in the day and cannot sleep through anything. Now I can.These are perfectly flexible and nice soft feel. Definitely reccomend!
552. My optometrist gave me a sample size of this a year ago and I haven't been able to go back to anything else for my overnight contact soak.If I'm taking a nap I'll soak them in something else but this solution seems to clean and sanitize them so well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone else who wears contacts
553. This slip resistant tray worked wonders while my boyfriend had knee surgery. Now my Dad uses it as a lap tray.
554. The raspberry flavor is nice. These vitamins have been improving my mood and energy levels. I’m feeling great!
555. They fizz and smell really nice but the bomb is too small for a regular bathtub, you barely can tell it mixed with the water, if you drop two it's good, if you are willing to mix the bombs of the box or get two boxes.
556. 6 year old didn't like them at first I think she was confused about the tightness and fit. Tried again a week or so later and she really likes them now! Cute and keeps her knees safe from falls!
557. Good value and super soft cotton balls.
558. Liked everything but the chain seems cheap.
559. I don't even have babies anymore, but I will always use this as our go-to stain remover. Works great!
560. Very moisturizing. Even better if someone will give you a foot rub! I would buy it again.
561. This smells SO good and really does help detangle and defrizz my toddler's hair.  We like it!
562. Couldn't do without it.  It covers and protects the skin under Leuko tape.  Works great!!  Used in physical therapy.
563. Used them as cake dowels as recommended by Sharon Zambito. They are so much easier to cut than wooden ones.
564. This is great solution.  I use it every day and my eyes always feel great.
565. I sent them back
566. I should have read more reviews. They don't come with instructions or ingredients or anything, and look like someone took a larger pack and separated it into smaller ones manually. Previously we'd gotten some from our dentist, and the instructions were to chew one tablet. She did - and it was terrible. The taste almost made her throw up, and then it stained her lips, teeth, tongue and our sink. COPIOUS amounts of dye. I did wash out the sink with soap eventually, but I had to brush her teeth quite a bit to get the purple off, and her tongue is still purple and she has purple spots on her face. I'm now worried about an allergic reaction after reading the review where the child had breathing problems. I'll be watching her carefully tonight. They did disclose plaque, but for our needs, they won't work. $7 wasted. Very disappointed.
567. This is my first electric toothbrush, and so far I’m very happy with it. I like the way it feels on my teeth, and I like that it has different settings. I am skeptical of the tooth whitening setting, I’ll update in a few weeks on that. It comes in a handy travel case, two heads and with a cord but no plug. I saw you can buy additional heads on amazon. I think the pack had 4 for $10.99. It’s a good starter electric toothbrush if you’re looking to try one out.
568. Loved these. I searched everywhere for birthday decorations that were fun and modern, and I bought several things from Ling' s. Everything arrived in great condition and quality. I would definitely use this manufacturer again
569. I have thick frizzy curly hair. This brush didn't work at all for me.  I wouldn't recommend this. Takes more work then a curling iron or straightener.
570. Seems to be legit.  I get a little nervous buying from 3rd parties due to possible knock offs.
571. Just as described very pleased
572. I love Sweetsation Therapy products and this one is no exception! Usually, I order directly from their site, but this go it was cheaper on Amazon. Go figure? I purchased this after trying the Honest brand sunscreen, which I bought from Costco. That was &#34;honestly&#34; the worst sunscreen I have ever purchased. It was so greasy and oily and never absorbed in their skin. They were walking oil slicks for the day, and even with it slathered on, they still got sunburned. Not good!! Needless to say, I returned that product, and do not recommend it at all. Horrible! So, in my quest to find a new sunscreen, I decided to bite the price bullet and purchase this Sunscreen from Sweetsation Therapy. I am SOOO happy I did. It is a wonderful sunscreen, not greasy or oily at all. More like a cream that goes on and absorbs wonderfully. It also is great at protecting them from the sun, especially now that summer has arrived. No burns yet. Very happy with this purchase. I will be buying again. Oh, and it doesn't cause any allergy issues with either children, especially my daughter who has very sensitiveallergyhive prone skin issues. And, it smells like chocolate. How can you beat that! A little bit goes a long way, so the heftier price tag is worth the money, in my opinion.
573. Working great
574. Cramp reliever is great. Husband swears by it. Taste horrific though. Have something handy. Works very fast and comes jjkvr@hotmail.com st as quickly in the mail.
575. The first time I ordered these I fell in love with them because they where perfect for work but this second time around I found it be a different type of glove as if they changed the product .it felted and a different color
576. Buy it! Great natural energy!
577. Works well
578. It's smells alright . I don't think you would want pheromones in something you would slather all over yourself -like lotion. Now that I know more about pheromones, lotion in general is not a good thing to add pheromones to.Reason being that applying too much of any pheromone can actually cause the opposite effect . It does have a nice sparkle in it but, the pheromone Andronone has a sweat-like smell that I noticed in this lotion.
579. This is such a great scale. It is very light weight and the numbers are easy to read.
580. Perfect for the gym! Going to purchase more!
581. Beautiful and fun balloons but this should not be called a “Kit”. It’s balloons. No strings and no sticks. I had to go out at the last minute to purchase the string.
582. I was excited to receive this product but once I had one it left a funny aftertaste in my mouth which made me not want to have any more.
583. This item is much nicer than the picture. It's very soft and looks great. The stitching is well done. I'm very happy with this.
584. Most of us know that Maca is a superfood, well this is amped up superfood from Peru that aids the body in healing, boosting the immune system and filled with amino acids that are fuel for out bodies. There is no taste to it, so I put a tsp in my smoothies along with Maca and a Warrior blend plant based protein powder that I know will give me all I need as I can't eat due to dental surgery.
585. Very effective in doing its job. Virtually no smoke comes out! Works even better with a dryer sheet inside of it, but not necessary. Great quality for the price, too.
586. Super great taste and results are amazing.
587. It feeds your body what it might be lacking. Its overall something should be apart of your daily routine. I would get it again
588. Didn't work.  Maybe my butt is hopeless
589. Not as tough or as strong as the original as seen on tv product. Goes flat faster. Good price. The originals last forever. These will last a while. They still help with plantar fasciitis. Will opt for originals from now on. If you find the originals have too much height for you then these would be a great alternative option. Seems to be a different type of filler material for pad. I would give originals 5 stars plus. These I would give a 4.
590. This product is amazing for cleaning the boat. It gets off any pesky spots and makes getting those tough spots clean a breeze. We will never use anything else.
591. Ok I guess. Noisy but works right out of the box. Only one setting and heat is non existent
592. Great scale for the price! In stores they want twice as much for a cheaper looking scale... Corners are a little sharp so it's nice if you have somewhere to put it out of the way!
593. Great little curing iron!
594. Color is a little faded transparent gold, thin but okay quality!
595. Great.  Sturdy, nice quality.  Bristles are perfect.  Not too hard or too soft.  Massaging nubs feel very nice.  They are smooth, yet firm.  The handle is nice and sturdy.  Feels like this brush will last a long time.  No complaints, and would buy again.
596. I love this product! I have alot of muscle pain in my shoulders and this has allowed me to relax. Would definitely recommend!
597. Was a little big and everyone laughed, but I could fit EVERYTHING in this thing and it would sit on my back side so it didn't get in the way for me.  The only reason why I had to give it up was because my instructor said, that if I wore this at clinicals I would spread germs from room to room without knowing it.  I guess it very well could have, however, my shoes don't spread germs?  My clothes?  I had to stop wearing it, but I save it for when I am done and a hospital lets me wear it.  I can even put my stethoscope in it!
598. Arrived quickly & just as described. It made a great gift & the price couldn't be beat! Love the color & pattern as well, it made for a unique gift for my nurse friend!
599. This product arrived on time and in excellent condition and it works very well.
600. The work well
601. Great stuff slept well did not wake up hung over (use 14 bottle.)  The problem is - my roommate keeps taking them.
602. 2 in one, it is a sun screen and bug protection. It makes my life easier.
603. great product and smells good too
604. Ive had this hookah for 7 months now and it is perfect. I honestly did not expect such a nice product for what I payed for it. In my town I would have spent about $40 more for the same thing. I love this and definitely recommend it!!!
605. I feel like I change weight within several minutes (by 0.2-0.6lb) and I doubt that I truly am fluctuating in that small amount of time. Since the &#34;error&#34; is minimal I'm not too concerned, but I feel like its consistency is not always there.
606. really liked this as did everyone who smelled it. wish the bottle would have been a little bigger and the shower gel didnt smell very long.
607. If you need this for one burst, for one party. Then this may be for you.I bought two of these. Loved the look, and the ease of use. I bought them early, and didn't need for a few months, but did test them. I took them to the first gig, and they worked. I only used them for two bursts, no longer than 15sec each... Then nothing from one of them. No more blowing. the LED lights still worked great and showed that i still had connectivity, but the blowers died.After the next try the second one also died. I know what you may be thinking, maybe it was bad power, or a surge. the power was fully tested and good. the internal fuse was still in good shape and working fine.I contacted customer support, and they told me to send a video of the issue, and they would help. So i did that... NO RESPONSE. I emailed again and they totally ignored it. Unfortunately Amazon says that they can't do anything. So much for the A-Z guarantee haha.Anyway I wish they would have worked great for me, as the concept if good, and the lights are great. But I don't like the idea of paying $400 for each time I need confetti.
608. the wife loves them.
609. the wife loves this product
610. My favorite bamboo  toothbrush I’ve tried!Love the bristles, they clean so much better than the last ones I’ve bought.thw head is a perfect size for reaching back teeth for both my husband and myself.  Definitely purchasing more.The rounded handle is much more comfortable than the flat ones.
611. Super cute at first but turns ugly brown and stained the tub
612. This is a great scrub brush! I have always wanted to try one of these out and I like it for the most part.  I did think that the brush spun on this but I almost think its for the better that it doesn't because I think it would be a little too harsh if it did spin.  This facial brush vibrates at different speeds while you scrub your face.  It comes with two different brushes, one is a typical soft brush and the other is a very soft sponge.  I really like to use both heads on this!  It does come with a separate base so your face brush can stand up wherever you store it which is convenient!  I really like the green color of this item too, it matches many other things I have.  There is one button which turns the device on and off and also turns the speeds up or down.  The brush heads are very easy to remove and replace even if you are someone who has painful hands.  I really enjoy this product! I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
613. Awful! Stickers don't stick! How extremely frustrating!
614. Great smell. Not overpowering or chemical smelling. A great purchase
615. These are not some cheap clamps these are the real deal, I'm hard on sex toys but these have been great
616. Tastes great. I used it in smoothies (frozen fruit, milk and ice) and it mixes really well. Not sure it would mix well if you are just trying to use a liquid- definitely better to blend it in a blender. I've had this container for months and still have half of it left, and it's just as fresh as ever. The price is a little high, but it does seem to last a while.
617. I purchased the petals to use in a ash scatter ceremony.  The petals were beautiful, looked just like the picture and smelled wonderful.  There was a large amount and it was definitely worth the money. Although it was for a sad purpose, the petals added a pretty touch. Very happy I made this purchase.
618. Helps with snoring but it doesn't help 100%
619. This is perfect size for my purse.  Opens and closes easily and it's easy to spot in your bag.
620. Love this!!!! My son will not take the little citrus fruit flavored probiotics, Ive tried three different kinds, he spits them out as soon as they hit his mouth. These are individually packaged so it's not a guessing game with how much to give. I just sneak a packet into his morning bottle of milk and in ten minutes he's had his full serving of probiotics and prebiotics for the day! It's pretty cool, especially with cold season coming upon us I want to get a head of the game and build his little immune system. They've worked wonders for me. Would definitely recommend them! :)
621. I had purchased a different frankincense a few months ago, and this one smelled a lot better. I also recently heard that you can test an oils purity by putting a small drop on a sheet of paper, if it's pure it should dissolve completely leaving no trace. When I did that test with this and the other one, this one totally passed the test, the other did not, it left a clear oil splotch where the drop was placed. My conclusion is that this oil must be pretty good, as I said the smell isn't bad, it's kinda earthy. The smell is strong but not overpowering like other oils I have tried. The only thing I didn't like so much was that it comes out very fast, I try to get one drop, but end up with 2-3. Overall I am very happy with it, and would recommend it to my friends.*I received a discount for my review*
622. works as expected. no problems
623. works as expected. no problems
624. These are great wipes for on the go! I keep some in my purse, some in my car, and some on my kitchen counter. I love the fresh clean scent of these wipes. They smell great and and work great for.even the biggest messes. I'm on baby number 2 and we go through a lot of wipes. So far these smell and work the best. I was pleasantly surprised that they are gentle and do not irritate my kids skin since they are both quite sensitive.
625. Works great, it stays charged longer than I expected. Easy to clean.
626. The numbers were not complete. Very hard to read display. I sent it back.
627. They serve the purpose. My 85 year old mother in law couldn't unzip them. Honestly snack bags ftom the grocery store are just as good and cheaper.
628. These rip VERY easily. Like when you're unrolling them from the roll. Kind of disappointing
629. I love my konjac facial sponge and so will u I promise u that. This is so worth buying I have getting several of these for my family and friends  and they love it just as much as I do. You will get addicted using these because of how it makes your face feel as if you just got out of a spa or facial massage. I use it morning and night. They are different kinds you could get for certain kinds of skin as for me I break out a lot and this sponge help me so much where it does not make me break out and pulls out all the stuff that is on your face and after you're done using it it just feels smooth and soft as a baby's bottom. And it even helps with black heads no lie. This sponge really works. I did get this product at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
630. As advertised
631. Bought these for my Operation Christmas Child boxes and I wasn't disappointed. The quality is better than I thought it would be for the price.
632. I have sinus issues, so I use tissues a lot. A lot. I'm pretty picky (no pun intended) when it comes to the quality of my tissues since I use them practically every day. I don't like thin, scratchy tissues and I also don't like tissues that are too thick because I find them hard to grip. I've always stayed away from tissues with lotion because in the past they have been too thick for my liking, but I tried these and they are perfect. Not too thin, not too thick, comfortable and easy to use. They aren't scratchy, they don't fall apart, and they leave my nose happy.
633. Returned!  Small and cheap!
634. After trying so many products, I thought those yellow water stains were inevitable and I would just have to live with them. Then I saw this and on a whim, gave it a try. It was effortless to use, did not scratch the bowl, and left me with a sparkling toilet. Why have I never heard of this before? This should be a standard cleaning tool in everyone's house.
635. The product themselves seemed fine but the gift box packaging was all scratched up. Had to send back and order a different one. It’s a good gift at an affordable price but my rating is cause I received a faulty one. Might reorder and update my review.
636. You have to do it pretty slow and make sure you buff your nails with an actual sand type grit one before you use these or you’ll leave horizontal scratch marks on your nails. You can only see the scratches at an angle but they’re there. Other than that, the price and the shine these give me have me hooked. I’ve been using them nonstop and can’t stop showing people how shiny my nails are. 😂
637. Power cord works great and a reasonable price
638. How can I describe my exhaustive search for an applicator bottle for my hair oils that has a long tip so that you can part hair with it?? Hair color applicator bottles are expen$ive!! and I just didn't want to pay that price anymore. I want a nicely organized beauty closet so I was searching for applicator bottles to store my hair oils to ensure they don't spill over, and have the long tip to make partings in my hair!  Sooo glad I found this bottle. I will be ordering more to put each type of natural oil in them and will look nice in my closet. Really happy with this purchase. The bottle is soft and squeezable, and you have to cut the tip off to make an opening. It's also the right size, not too tiny (like what's in a craft store) and not too big like many hair coloring bottles. Just perfect!! I can see the value of storing your crafting liquids in this, and consider it for your beauty needs too! :) really happy
639. The comb attachments to my hair dryer broke, I ordered these and they fit perfectly
640. Exactly as described and great service
641. It was a nice buy. I wear glasses so I have a hard time with it, because the light really hurts my eyes. I think I will gift it to my niece.
642. My son love it! I would be again. It's fun, excited, and leaves no mess.
643. Easy to read and reference for lab values and all sorts of tidbits.  Convenient
644. I suffer from anxiety.  Just took one of these capsules and  I'm feeling so relaxed.  I recommend.
645. Couldn't wait to apply this oil to my face and body.  My skin felt so smooth like it use to and the itching stopped to.  Added a dropper to my bath wash, it was heavenly showering.  Added a dropper to my shampoo and for once my scalp wasn't itchy.  Added a dropper to my body lotion.  Finally I feel like I can live in my own skin like I use to.  It didn't make the eczema go away but it soothed the itching.  This oil is a God send.
646. These are the perfect way to dress up your gifts for Christmas. Just need to buy some cute wrapping paper to go with it
647. Not what I expected.  I ordered according to size chart, but was to big.
648. Loved this product!!!!  I recently had cutibal tunnel surgery.  Was worried this would be uncomfortable putting on and taking off like the Heelbo, BUT this product is MUCH better.  Very comfortable, easy to put on and take off and best of all it stays in place.  I wear it 24 hours a day (yes, even when I'm sleep).  I've washed it a few times with no problem.  I
649. Easy to swallow capsules. Haven't had an IBS attack since using them.
650. Best stuff ever.  Can't be without.  Good for joints.  I feel and look hydrated. Highly recommended.
651. Amazing product with a breath taking result. I love my bath water as dark as my soul.
652. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!! Such good quality and absolutely BEAUTIFUL...!!
653. My husband likes his and highly recommends this item.
654. Works ok for walking around, I work long hours in retail, do not recommend for work. These seem to wear out fairly quickly under the pressure of 14 hour days.
655. I love this!! Will buy again.
656. I bought this and it came in perfect condition and right on time.This is a nice toy that is not to big and fun to use.  It is very comfortable to use and enhances your experience.  I was not disappointed with this at all.
657. Pretty good. Still a little chafing when I'm doing longer runs of 10 miles. Marathon coming up so I need something for the sports bra area that holds up.
658. I bought this to begin tincturing my own stevia that I grow in my garden.  I've tried using alcohol, and can't ever seem to cook it right to get ride of the taste.  Someone recommended glycerin, so I'm giving it a shot! I'm SO excited to taste my first sample SOON!  Everyone says this has a sweet taste, but I didn't find that...of course I have a serious sweet tooth..so I can't taste mildly sweet I guess.  It's a large bottle, for the price.I will be saving a tremendous amount of money by making my own tinctures at home.  This process also doesn't require heat...you just mix it with the herb, so easy!  I'm looking for more ways to use this as a viable source for homemade items.  You know what is in the product if you make it at home!
659. Blue Odyssey is my favorite air freshener, and I'm so glad that I was able to get three bottles for one low price!
660. This is a very nice version of the auto roller. Delivered on time, works like a charm. I might go as far as to say this is the nicest one Ive ever had or used.
661. This stuff is awesome! Great value for a great product that really helps moisturize my lips.
662. The brush fits perfect on my Clarisonic (the main reason I bought the brushes) however I noticed a very strong stench coming from the brush after about 3 washes! Very disappointed I guess you do pay for what you get !
663. My only complaint is these don’t scrub off hard dried foods of wipe tables and counters but other than that these are great
664. I purchased this for my child’s sunscreen at school after she arrived home one day with 10 big bites on her face. Since I sent this there’s been no issues.
665. didn't see much difference from using the Skin-So-Soft and this product.  I will just use the Skin-So-Soft in the future.
666. This flat iron has changed my LIFE!! I have incredibly thick hair and every time I use these my hair become silky smooth. I recommend you purchase these irons because they will change your life too!!!
667. Not impressed
668. Good purchase
669. Great quality. looks just as pictured. A little uncomfortable at first but easily get use to it. Easy to clean.
670. Worthless product. Does not curl your lashes. At all.
671. Does not work on thick hair
672. We had rust stains on our countertop from our metal paper towel holder. They are GONE!! It took 5 minutes for The Pink Stuff to do its job. Wow!! Never thought the stains would go away and they disappeared easily. Thank you for this amazing product! I wish I'd taken a before pic!
673. It seemed to work pretty well for the first year. The batteries had to be replaced after 1 year, give or take a few days, so I was happy about that. But one very disconcerting thing I noticed was that it would give me a different weight when it was moved to different areas of the floor, which I then knew I wouldn't buy it again. But then I started to notice inconsistencies between what my scale said and what my doctor's office scale and even what my sister's bathroom scale weighed me. I also used it to monitor the weight of a 13 yr old cat, which is even more important to me than keeping track of my own weight. Now after less than only 2 years and it's stopped working altogether, which is completely unacceptable.
674. I could still hear loud snoring and even though I squished the ear plugs to fit my ears since I have smaller ears, it didn't feel comfortable and the sounds came through too strongly, no matter what the volume.  :-0(
675. For the price point, this is an excellent cuticle nipper. The edge is shard and precise. Comparable in quality to a $20 nipper.
676. Alot bulkier than expected..very long.Gets in the way
677. I brought this for my tub since it was ranked on a list as the #1 cleaner & it was a epic fail. In less than 2 minutes of using it, it ripped. You also DEFINITELY need some sort of product on this to clean anything. This was a complete waste of $
678. So, to start, I understand that isn't the most conventional use for the product but it really works! The first picture is the start of my shingles flare-up. My dad typically uses this product for joint pain but he suggested that I use this on the shingles. I got it quickly from Amazon and slathered a thick layer of the gel onto the painful, liquid filled blisters and bumps. I will admit that upon application it burns and tingles but not so bad that it's unbearable. After a few days the blisters started to dry out (a good thing for shingles because it means it's healing), and after about a week of application to the area the blisters dropped considerably in size and the bumps were almost completely gone. I will admit, as other have, that the only drawback I could see is that it is very drying. I noticed that the skin around the bumps and blisters got flakey and dried out. I wanted this product to dry the blisters so just be wary if you're using it for pain relief, etc.
679. I had been on my quest to find a natural deodorant that actually controlled my B.O. for about 3 years, and then I was recommended this from an influencer on IG and it has changed my life!! I will NEVER again purchase anything else. This deodorant held up during the hottest days of the year, my wedding day, and if you need it to, it will last multiple days on! Everybody needs to try this pleeeeease!! Thank you Ethique!
680. Had to throw them away because they smelled like smoke so bad. The box was yellow but unopened.
681. it's ok, but my hair dye was too thick - I couldn't use the bottle normally.kind of expensive.
682. My mum looks beautiful in blue!  Everyone is happy with the stand out color and solid construction.  Thank you for making this cherished urn to hold our mum.
683. I have not used it yet, but it new and I should have no problems with it.  It was a good buy.  It really smells godd and it does work for the purpose it ws bought for,
684. Love this deodorant,  none of the bad ingredients.  Great for sensitive skin.
685. Exactly what i needed for open toe ankle heels. They stick well but are very soft
686. Great buy
687. I am happy with both the toothpaste and brush.  I feel my teeth look brighter and gums healthier.  Still have a  lot more to use to see if I get amazing results.  Will keep everyone posted.
688. The handle broke with the first wash. I was cleaning my tumbler....this was a total waste of money.
689. Did not taste as good as the raw red maca from the Organique company. I might try the raw one from this brand and see how it goes. I use it to make tea . Love me some Maca tea.
690. One of those &#34;just in case&#34; items to keep on hand. Check the expiration date before you purchase. This was slightly higher price but the seller provided the expiration date in the ad copy and this seems like fresh stuff.
691. I love the cold pack. It doesn't leak and it's convenient and easy to grab when it need it. I sometimes need to apply the ice pack around the clock mainly for my frozen shoulder. My daughter used the heat pack and loved it. She felt so much better afterwards. I saw her apply it a few times.  She said it was easy to use. We love the product.
692. This KT tape is great, stays on pretty well even after a couple showers. I would definitely recommend, great value for the price!
693. It's thicker than expected. But works well.
694. will definitely order again. Hibiscus helps lower blood pressure, and it's delicious!
695. This is ok it's gets really hot but it's annoying that my finger is always changing the setting of the heat.
696. Cheap, doesn’t get as hot as a regular flatiron, the “comb” is worthless. I have a short pixie and had high hopes for this. I normally don’t return Amazon stuff, but this thing was a joke and it just pissed me off before work. I can’t imagine this would straighten a course beard.
697. I got the Fitbit Aria scale to pair with my Fitbit Charge and also link with MyFitnessPal, and in general just make my health journey a bit more streamline. And I must admit, it really does add value to that, compared to my non wi-fi digital scale that I used for years.The design is sleek and sexy (I got it in white) and is not an eyesore in my bathroom. The scale is very responsive, and seems to be quite accurate on weight and body fat. I love that it auto-syncs to my Fitbit and MyFitnessPal apps, so I don't need to worry about remember to manually enter it. I also like the feature that it can recognize up to 8 people. My bf uses it occasionally and it knows when it is me or him that steps in the scale. Overall, it is certainly overpriced for what it is, but if you can get over that, I think it's a fantastic and sleek fitness tool to have. If I didn't usehave a Fitbit Charge, I probably would not be able to justify purchasing this scale. But if you do, I think you will notice that it does add value to your fitness regimen.
698. This did not work at all for me. I followed the instructions and for all the good it did I might as well have been putting Chapstick on my glasses. Definitely not worth the money.
699. I love them, nicer than the black ones.  Been using them for more then 3 years.
700. Awesome! It's like pop rocks. Taste great and really works. I keep in purse, in car, in desk...
701. Now these glasses are the best ones I've ever bought!!! Clear colorful perfect sight, gave a pair to my best friend and she loved them so it's a must have if you use reading glasses
702. This is by far one of the best tools I've used for my feet when I give myself a pedicure. A must have !!!
703. Doesn't work. This product didn't help to extract any blackheads. I don't know if it's because my face is too oily but honestly this stuff is as effective as you doing a DIY egg white mask. STRAIGHT UP!!! No matter if I applied one layer or 5 it seemed as if it dried AROUND my pores and it was so liquid and drippy. It was basicall Elmer's Glue with black food coloring. That is what is smelled like and that is what it felt like. Save your money on this one folks!
704. I got a very strange email following this order, makes me question product quality and security. As far price goes if ingredients are as stated 90 for the price is good.
705. this product may be good for you but boy is it GROSS. I usually have to mix it with some sort of juice to try and dilute it.
706. A little confusing to maneuver.
707. Easy to assemble and adjust. BUT, cannot get brakes to actually lock when buttons are in lock position.  Have to be super careful.  The worst thing, though, is the knee pad. It is not soft, and has grooves in it, so it actually puts impressions on your knee.  An accessory knee pad is an absolute necessity.  I would return this, but it is the only way i have to get around at all, and of course, this is during shelter-at-home during the Corona virus.
708. I use this product per dr recommendation to treat corneal edema, so when I don’t use this type of product, my eyes get very blurry. I will agree with other reviewers, this product is thicker and gloopier than competitors, however, in all the brands I have tried, I have never found one that keeps my eues clearer. I am really happy to have found this! No, it may not be the easiestmost comfortable to apply, but for me, it works!
709. Super cute and big! It was a gift and she loved it!
710. This little gadget works great! When smoke is blown through the device, NO smoke even comes out the other end. The only downside for me is that i am a pretty regular use smoker and the smokebuddy clogs up in about a month or on me. But they work so well i just keep buying new ones. It would wonderful if the company would release a model that allows for replaceable cartridges to be purchased rather than an entirely new unit every time it clogs.
711. When I got them I was very excited but when I open them and walked with then . It was so terrible the arm rest is so lose . And I just decided not to walk wit them . So something else in my attic
712. Fits the description
713. This is by far theeeeee BEST moisturizer!! I buy all that I see in the store & then I buy more- my husband has severe psoriasis & this is a relief. It’s thick but rubs in so smooth. My skin is soft until the next day!
714. We use in our apartment bedroom, for great sleep
715. I was excited to try this veggie wash, as I love every Plant Therapy product I’ve used thus far. Unfortunately it was open in the box and all over everything. I might try it again, but not until they package differently.
716. Perfect for its purpose and price!
717. Looks like the picture.
718. Flavor not as bad, as described.
719. Very good product ...Good for the money  it works better than expected.. Really good quality for the money..Will buy another one soon!
720. Beautiful.  I get compliments on it all the time.  And one of the sturdiest canes that I have ever had.
721. Sturdy, pretty, couldn’t be happier.  I’ve had this for about 2 months.
722. My son was so happy when we received these. You would have thought he won the lottery when he opened up the box. They were used as toys in and out of the bathtub and he loved &#34;washing&#34; the dirt off the planes with water. Out of all his new planes toys since then he still loves these the best. They were a great deal.
723. Good Product... Thank you.
724. Didn't work for me especially when on my feet 12 hrs. Nothing really works for pf
725. I searched for the best prices sticky rolls for my black scrubs and this did a great job. Not to impressed with the red flint comb because the rolled does a better job. But overall, I’d give this product a 5 and would buy again.
726. My skin is soft and my ancestors are pleased. Great bath sponge, not rough against my skin but still very exfoliating. Highly recommend.
727. Fantastic, just what I needed thank you
728. Overall it works as described however we quickly found that it is noisy. When plugged in the remote section of the cord makes a high pitch noise along with a deep clanging noise.
729. Fantastic cut! Leaves no jagged edges! Great buy!
730. Awesome! Heavy! Very good quality! It's so nice to have something to use for all my oils. Should probably get another one soon
731. Great product, helps with digestion and may help some with weight loss. For a few days so far so good.
732. Easy to use and looks great on many projects
733. Great size! I'm always cold so I sit with this on the couch behind me to keep me warm. My husband uses his for various other needs and we are both please with it. The large size is great but the material is best. We used to have to warm the old one up to just be able to manipulate and flatten it as it was the hard plastic material. This one is more blanket-like. Great purchase and was fsa eligible so even better!
734. All protein and high caffine &#34;energy&#34; powder samples with 2  &#34;fun size&#34; protein bars.  Even with the reimbursement this is not worth it.  Some of the powders have an intense amount of caffeine (350mg for the pineapple).  That is over 4 red bull drinks at once.  Be careful.
735. Ordered this necklace as a little gift for myself when I had my third child. I sing the Three Little Birds song by Bob Marley to my kiddos all the time so when I stumbled upon this I had to have it, especially for the price. I was expecting gumball machine quality but this far exceeded that!
736. I have the whole bentgo set but wanted a back up tray to put one in the dishwasher. Happy that the extra tray is offered. Unfortunately mine was cracked when it arrived so sent it back and only green was available. But my daughter doesn't seem to mind!
737. Used for foot stability
738. It works great for scrubbing but the 360 swivel action has a mind of it's own.  It does not stay in a locked position.
739. Used in athletic footwear that can get pretty smelly.  This stuff really does seem to do the job effectively.  I've tried other products but this one works best for us.  Easy to spray, no lingering odor.
740. Best pre effect of the cursed flavors by far
741. Love this thing wife is always loud shuts her up Nicely :)
742. I don't get the hype. After using this brush for 2 months I've decided that life is too short to use an inferior tool.I expect some shedding with a natural brush. I don't expect it to still be a daily issue after 2 months. The tangle in the bottom of my bowl was initially a bother and now I'm over it. I clean out this mass every few days but unfortunately a fair amount of soap gets cleaned out too, so my soap doesn't last as long as I would like.If you're the kind of guy who counts pennies or just likes to use a well-made product, make sure you add the cost of a replacement brush to your budget. I hate to throw out anything before the end of its life cycle but this brush is too frustrating to continue to use. I'm moving on.I give the product 1 star and the seller 1 star for outstanding communication. Without his excellent follow-up this would be a 1-star review.
743. not a bad pillow, worth a try.
744. I bought hoping to block husband snoring, which didn’t help well with that.  But took with me on a plane ride and it work amazing keeping light from overhead plus helped with using to try to rest.
745. Great scent and everyone likes it! May need to replace it earlier than we expected!
746. I love this diaper print! It's so cute otb!
747. Item was opened and looks to have had something stuck in there. Will not use. Waste of money.
748. Fantastic quality and great price!!!
749. We grilled the 12 lb burgers we got from the Treasure Truck and they were AMAZING! Everyone loved them. We just got the hot dogs and sausages today and I’ve heard good things about those, too. Can’t wait!
750. These are great on our mop. We love it for daily cleaning up of lifes messes.
751. Can't say it whitens well, but it leaves me with fresh breath.
752. This is great!
753. Worked great!
754. If I knew this replacement cover is this expensive I would ever put this item on my baby shower registry!
755. Love their products
756. works well great price. i am a nurse practitioner and this is easy to use and accurate. i recommend for anyone who needs to monitor their BP
757. One of the letters had a hole in it when we received it. We had to tape it for it to stay inflated.
758. I have used it before.
759. I was able to get this on an airplane with little trouble.  It was definitely better than your average airplane seat.  After an hour, hour and a half or so, my a** still started hurting though.  I think that the gel 'columns' that they use are able to collapse too easily, would be nice if they were more firm.  I also agree with other reviewers that it could be an inch or two wider.  I can't really review it lower then 3-4 stars though, I don't know exactly why my rump hurts so much when I sit, can't really blame this product for that!  The true test for me will be when I take it in the kayak in a few weeks.  That's the real reason I bought it.
760. as advertised
761. These are fantastic! I wish I had found these years ago. My only downside is they are full of powder and my skin is pretty sensitive to it.
762. This is a bit stronger because it does have alcohol…which is what I prefer as it works best for me.
763. Purchased these for my 92 yr. old dad. His room is tiled and these keep his feet warm and allow him to make trips to the bathroom without having to make the effort to put on slippers. These are not carried in walk in stores and so thank you Amazon for carrying these. I've purchased over 1 doz. pairs in the last few years.
764. Seems good quality
765. few times a day I add about 14 teaspoon to a small amount of water and it is pretty much tasteless.  Easy to take. I am using it for severe Joint Hypermobility Syndrome which results in loss of collagen.  The rheumatologist who diagnosed me suggested powder might be easier than pills and I went straight for powder.
766. I have been wanting to use both coconut oil and activated charcoal for my teeth, whitening and overall health. But I have a strong gag reflex making me nervous about the taste and consistency. I ordered this product and love it. I've had no issues with gaging like I worried using some of the ingredients in the product alone. It also works great to brighten up my teeth and leave them feeling fresh.
767. Works well. My dad was pleased.
768. In the bathtub, this product works great. It is much easier to use than the typical baby baths and can easily be used for an infant (in the reclining position) or an older baby (in the supported sitting position).  I love the fact that this takes up less room and makes it much easier to wash the baby directly in the bathtub. The bottom seat part has rubber grips to prevent any sliding and the pillow portion floats nicely.My issue with this product is the fact that it holds a ton of water (actually absorbs the water) and then takes over 24 hours to dry. I don't know why it wasn't made to be waterproof considering it's used in a bathtub.  That said, it is still a great alternative to the traditional baby bath. It takes up less space and allows the baby more freedom to move around during bath time.
769. Installed easily and has worked for several weeks now.  No complaints at all. Product did exactly what was expected.
770. my kid snacked his face with the lanyard and left a mark. Looking for less stretchy
771. This did clean my clothes on a recent trip to Europe but then my sister used it and her hands we wet so it turned into a lump we had to just use.  The direction very clearly state you must use with dry hands - so pay attention to that and you should like this product.
772. Hubby adds this to his daily smoothie of avocado, banana & kale.  This power has very little flavor so it's a great supplement without ruining the taste of the smoothie.
773. This is an upgrade from the cheap thin foamfabric shoe insoles. It has a nice arch support and adhesive to keep insole in place. The leather top also adds a premium feel.  I have 3 issues with this product. 1) It’s only a 23 to 34 long insole so your toes won’t have any cushioning. 2) Lining up the insole to my low boots was not easy since the insole is a bit narrower than the boots. I had to try several times before finding the best placement. It would have been easier with flats with their more open footbed. 3) The insole cushioning is limited due to the relatively thin insole. .
774. Noisy and ineffective. All it did was pull at my poor cats butt furs and make him real mad. The clipper guard was too long to even touch his hairs and the product came with no other sizes.
775. Added a scoop to protein or fruit smoothies and loved it. Drinking it plain in water is a bit much, but in milk or a non-dairy sub like vanilla soy or oat, it's delicious
776. Firm in both support and the cotton.
777. These are good if you need noise to sleep.PROSNatural air soundEasy Peasy to useCan adjust type of noise a bit and 2 settings on air speed, hence loudness.Small enough to travel wellCONSThey do wear out every couple of years.  Some more than others.  They develops a whining noise that I've not been able to stop with oil since it doesn't seem to be a part I can fix.Not as loud as other units that are digital with volume control.Somewhat overpriced I think for what it has.  It's a glorified fan.In the end, after using these for 10 years, my wife bought a &#34;LectroFan&#34; and likes it better for it's variety, volume control, it's louder by far (like 3x if you want) and is about the same travel size.  It's also digital, so probably won't wear out and whine as fast as a &#34;fan&#34; which is real mechanically driven.
778. For some reason the pharmacy we use dispenses our medicines in adult proof packaging. After a real struggle, we take the pills out of that and put them into these little bottles. We peel the labels off the pharmacy bottles or paper cartons and tape them to these.. The lids are easy to open, but stay shut in a pocket or purse. I would not recommend if you have children or grandchildren around.
779. Easy to use. Looks great. Very accurate.
780. Surprisingly worked well. My boyfriend has used on sun glasses when we've gone running and he's a big fan. His glasses never shifted or fell down his nose. Curious to see how it holds up in the summer heat though.
781. Don't leave home (country) without it.
782. feels exactly the same as my non-innovative curler with the non-innovative replacement rubber part. it bent my lashes just like the other does.
783. more spot it games. adults and kids will like this game. it's amazing how many times you don't see the match.
784. I normally just clean my mat with soap & water, but this method tends to make the mat too slippery, which is unsafe. This cleaner comes with a microfiber cloth, and it only takes a quick spray or two to cleanse the entire surface without losing grip. I would recommend this product to anyone who regularly uses a mat.
785. This wrapping paper is great quality and super cute!
786. I was expecting a higher quality product for the price I paid - this is a standard sponge in a low quality!
787. Works perfect for my needs. I have to take daily medication and it holds a bunch of pills and takes up so much less space then trying to carry around each bottle.
788. The handle feels good and sturdy. They cut well, i can't complain about them at all. overall solid purchase.
789. This is a much firmer roller than the foam ones I've used before but I love it for that reason. I use this for exercise and stretching and find that it rolls great along a yoga mat even on a carpeted floor.  The logo on the end is cute but it's also only branded on that 1 end which I find really tasteful. Looks great with my foam yoga blocks () in the living room tucked under the chair too; if I have something that is beautiful, functional and available I am more likely to use it!If you want or need a foam roller that is soft, has a lot of give or that feels like a back massage, then this is not gonna be your jam but for helping to intentionally release muscle tension for a deeper stretch this is my go to!
790. It was strongly recommended to buy this when have total knee replacement but I found that I could just as easily slide on my pants and socks and that that stretching helped improve muscle tone.  For those with a back back or who simply cannot reach their shoes and socks, it can be a helpful tool.
791. Keeps everything organized and reminds me to take my pills.
792. This is the fourth product like this that I have tried. Two of them did nothing, one gave minimal positive results but this is amazing! I’m into my second order and each time I’ve taken it it has worked as advertised. I had to only give a five star rating but would like to give it a six because that’s what it’s given me.Will be buying more.
793. It was strongly recommended to buy this when have total knee replacement but I found that I could just as easily slide on my pants and socks and that that stretching helped improve muscle tone.  For those with a back back or who simply cannot reach their shoes and socks, it can be a helpful tool.
794. As a person with a 40-year history of allergies, I honestly consider myself an expert on tissues.  In fact, I generally opt for paper towels as my go-to tissue simply for their durability (I generally do not care about the texture or feel).  I found the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS to be a refreshing approach to the standard box of tissues in that they not only hold-up when used, they have silky texture that glides the tissue across the skin.WHAT MAKES THESE TISSUE STAND OUT?My constant need for having a tissue (or ten) on hand at any given moment has led to a more unconventional approach … using paper towels.  The main reasons why I’ve opted for such a heavy duty approach are that most every tissue I’ve ever used presented three issues I couldn’t stand:  1) they easily blew apart and created a mess, 2) they had little to no absorption quality and 3) they were super dry and always left “tissue dust” on my upper lip (especially if I didn’t shave that day).  A paper towel was so much easier to deal with, especially if you could not readily throw the tissue away after use.The KLEENEX ESPRESSIONS is a big step in the direction I was looking for in a tissue as all three of my issues are simultaneously addressed with this product.  First, the tissues are not dry at all and leave no paper remnants on my upper lip after use.  Coconut oil and aloe are “infused” into the tissue and generate a silky feel that is not moist, but not dry.  The tissue glides across the skin smoothly and does not leave any residue.  Additionally, the constitution of these tissues allows them to be stronger and more absorptive that most tissues I have previously used.  In other words, they do not blow apart and generate a nasty mess after use.While I am still reliant on my paper towel square as a standard pocket handkerchief, for those with less heavy-duty needs, the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS with the lotion infused in the tissue offers a high degree of comfort and durability.  For the common cold or sinus infection where constant tissue use turns your nose raw, this tissue would certainly be my recommendation.
795. Great for long flights. Worked great. I would suggest wearing another pair of normal sock over because these are thin and have no cushion.
796. I tried out more expensive products and this one works just as well. The only thing that is kind of annoying is that it changes directions of the movement every 60 seconds without you telling it to. Heat works great. Overall really great product.
797. The champaign glasses kept deflating.
798. Doesn't work at all! Save your money
799. These are worthless. They don’t fly at all and barely spin when an adult tries to make it spin so there’s little chance for a child to have any kind of fun with these.
800. Instead of receiving the white set as shown in the photo, I received the black ones which comes apart in the middle.  The manufacturing is bad, as the wires are easily pulled apart at the slightest snag.  I had received two of these within 2 months.  Could use a stronger wire build.
801. Such a soft and silky pillow case.  It is satin and will not slip off with the hidden zipper. I used it to take a nap and I slept like a baby.  My long hair was not all messed up either.So luxurious and a premium quality pillow case.I would also like to say that whenever I provide any reviews I always take my time and make sure I understand and have used the product in order to give an educated review. As an Amazon customer, I know how annoying and difficult it is when reviewers can’t be trusted. It's important to note here that I received this product at discounted price for my honest and unbiased review. Still I try my best to provide all the useful details in the review rather than misrepresenting a product’s quality in order to please a seller and I know good sellers always look for true feedback. At last, if my review ishelpful for you please press the vote button to provide your feedback. Thank You!!
802. Very Prompt service.Love this product.Clothes smell and feel great!
803. Definitely great when the husband is in the doghouse! Who needs a man? Hands don’t cramp, no weird position. You can lay back and just enjoy. Quite phenomenal! No actual work! Very easy set up and has many different speeds and settings.
804. My husband made the mistake of thinking he didn't need to clean stainless steel bottles if he only drank water out of them. He figured rinsing was good enough. Then he looked inside the bottle with a flash light. This product saved his bottles! I use it on my daughter's hydroflask, does a great job. I wish the handle was a little longer and the brush part was a little bigger, but it works.
805. My daughter has some blood sugar issues that seem to be resulting in dry mouth. This toothpaste has made a difference.
806. I broke 3 in a row, tossed them away
807. Draws only 18watts. I attached to my Goal Zero Yeti 150 and it worked perfectly!  Gets hot enough to handle quick touch-ups, but if you aren't in a hurry, can do full head too. Each pass of the wand causes the unit to cool but in just a few seconds heats back up.Would buy again if necessary
808. Daughter loved was broken when received.
809. Colorful, sturdy, securely closing top, easy to find bright color!
810. The gloves are soft, wash up nicely. Serve the purpose of hand lotion treatment at night very well. They come in small boxes, making it easy to pack and take with. Thanks!
811. Lid piece was cracked the first time we used it. Returning. Maybe we got a dud- but lid appears to be cheaply made.
812. This is the only tool I've ever found that removes the water ring in our toilets.  Works beautifully.  We also have water rings around our kitchen sink drain and it takes it off immediately.
813. Nice Strong pump(I have two one purched from here and one from another online vendor). Moves more coolant than I had anticipated. Right now I have the pump maxed but I will be taking it down to a lower setting. I don't need the flow that it is set on now. I have two of the pumps tied in a series using the Koolance RP-452X2 Dual 5.25&#34; Reservoir. had a AIO pump die on me in the past, So this series setup should allow for redundancy.
814. On time and as described
815. very comfortable.. and for the ridiculously LOW price, not falling apart after a month or two.i will easily by more of these when i DO break ones i have, or wife takes them.come with slim cases and glass retainer cords.almost 5 star, really, for the price and quality so far.. but, i reserve 5 star for "perfect" items.. ;-)
816. I had my gallbladder removed a few years ago and frequently experience nausea and indigestionheartburn. I have tried a ton of natural remedies and medication but nothing helped. Bought these a few weeks ago and have been taking them daily. They keep the nausea at bay and on my bad days help you make my nausea bearable so I am not dry heaving. I have also noticed I haven’t had any indigestion after eating when I take these in the morning. My only complaint is the capsules sometimes get stuck at the back of my throat so make sure you take a drink then put the pill in and get a big gulp of water down with it. Hopefully this helps anyone else who has had their gallbladder removed and still having issues!
817. Great price for so many. I love dreft. Use it on regular clothes not just the babies stuff. It literally gets out most stains we have from wine to spaghetti sauce and everything kids can get into in between like slime and dirt
818. The picture of the product is completely misleading! This looks like a gold and orangish red and it is not! In actuality you are getting orange and a very dark red! I was going to use this for a tiger face palette because the white often can be a problem in the orange yellow and white palette. Don't know what I will use this for! I love the quality of the paints by this company so I will find a use for them!
819. I don't know why people were complaining about set up. I set my scale on a hard floor, and it took me all of 10 seconds to connect it, and then it told me to weigh myself. It was absolutely easy.The sleek design is so attractive! The bottom of the scale is covered in a bubble look and it really does look futuristic. This connected nicely to my Fitbit, and My Fitness Pal. Infact, I weighed myself, and it auto uploaded without me touching a button. So that was nice.I'm really glad I invested the money for this scale. It seems to be accurate, seeing as how I was just weighed at the doctors office 1 week ago and have lost a few lbs off that number. Which I am trying to do. So as far as accuracy goes, this seems to be right on key.I need to keep it hidden from my kids though because it says not to be used by anyone under 10. And the look is just too tempting.The display is nice! It recognizes you by the account you set up and calls you by your initials. You can also set up multiple users. I am really happy with this purchase. ( So far :)UPDATE may 6 2014.  Got on the scale this morning and it read one weight.  Which I thought was impossible.  So I got back on.  It was 4 lbs down.  Huh?  Got on again... 2 lbs up.  Got on again.  1.2 lbs down.  This scale is messed up, and I am returning it.  I know my body fluctuates but not like this... And not in a 5 min time frame.  The scale integrates nicely with MFP, but make sure you watch it for inconsistencies. Mine is a white one.  And I originally really liked it.  However, I've weighed myself only a handful of times since I got it, and it fluctuates like mad
820. Works great!
821. Pretty expensive, but does the job.
822. These are true to what they are supposed to do, however it took me about 10 minutes to get the purple out of my sink and my 9 year old son almost 35 minutes to get *most* of the purple out of his mouth even after mouth wash good brushing and flossing. Sadly he asked to stay haome from school tomorrow if his mouth is still purple. Definitely only use half a tablet if you are going to use these and run water in the sink while spitting and rinsing.
823. Pretty expensive, but does the job.
824. These are true to what they are supposed to do, however it took me about 10 minutes to get the purple out of my sink and my 9 year old son almost 35 minutes to get *most* of the purple out of his mouth even after mouth wash good brushing and flossing. Sadly he asked to stay haome from school tomorrow if his mouth is still purple. Definitely only use half a tablet if you are going to use these and run water in the sink while spitting and rinsing.
825. I'll keep this review simple. Weight. 155Pro:Size is good.Feels really good.Top material seems ok.Cons:No arch support.( Not the biggest deal considering how comfortable they are.)Not built to last.155lbs, I wear a rubber boot with a thin insole & this insole on top of that. I got about 11 days out of them.The heels went out on the 3rd & 4th dayThe forefoot part lasted the rest of the time, i walk on on my forefoot so even though the heels went out they still felt good.I will upload pics when i bring them home. Great idea but not made for work.
826. Love the size. It can be crammed to the gills with everything a home medical kit could need. Its great to have for traveling. In it I have pain and fever reducers, aspirin, acetaminophen, naproxen  sodium, allergy relief, gloves, masks, scissors, band aids, wound patches, laxative pills, gauze rolls, cough and cold syrups, peroxide, antibiotics, antibiotic ointment, Anti-itch cream, boil ointment, petroleum jelly, rubbing alcohol, cotton balls, antibacterial hand soap, hand sanitizers. I think that covers everything. AND there is still a little more room for more soft type products. SO, even though when you get it, it might look small, once you fill it up, it makes a SUPER portable and travel ready kit. The price is right and it is made very nice! Recommended!
827. Does not fit over handles as it should and I have a standard walker.  Very disappointed
828. Very quiet, definately cleans the air.
829. Good Product Fast Delivery
830. I have been having problems with my stomach so someone suggested I try this. I tried it today, mixing it with some Dasani water enhancer added to a 14 cup of water.  It doesn't taste bad at all this way. So, so far so good.....  I will report back on whether it is helping my stomach and if there are any side effects.  Thanks.Suwanee
831. Whoever invented this has given a gift to all caregivers. I have a 41 year old son who is like a 3 month old and with these I can diaper him even though I have many health problems of my own. If you are a caregiver to an adult this is a must have
832. Bought this for my disabled son I tried it first and liked it so much that I ordered one for myself. Finally a brush that works.
833. Still trying to figure out not much curl but could be my fault
834. This provides great comfort and warmth. It is a bit heavy for me, though.
835. I love these, very clean eating and easy to transport because they do not melt in the heat. I carry one with me at all times.
836. Grand Daughter loves it
837. I really can't tell any difference and it is noisy. I bought it for litter box smell. I really cannot tell any difference.
838. You cannot curl lashes with this product, but the customer service is great, I returned without any problems
839. Awesome massager. I have a broken toe and it hurts from time to time especially a long day of walking. It feels so much better after a couple rounds of massaging it. I didn't mess with the setting, but just a push of the power button, it starts right away and provide instant relief. Kinda miss it now that I am not around home and won't be able to use it.
840. it works fine!
841. feels very supporting on my foot
842. For a Gift
843. These restrict airflow, so you wake up in the middle of the night with a headache cause you can’t breathe
844. TASTES AWFUL. Hope it works to steady my gait
845. This product is very thin. If you are looking for something thin this is the way to go.
846. We live on a mint farm in the forest with lots of bugs, and a pool.  So, this has been a real hit for my grandchildren and me!  I also bought some for my grand kids to use at home.  We live in the south near the water and beaches. Mosquitoes and gnats are our &#34;state bird&#34; and we live in the sun-- so this is a hit.
847. What fun. My daughter and granddaughters are in roller derby, so they can go a little crazy with their hair for bouts. This is nice quality hair chalk with vivid colors--a virtual palette that's unbeatable.
848.  This is a very nice (for the $$) shaver that has multiple functions.  The kit includes the following accessories:1. Rotary Nose Trimmer2. Eyebrow Trimmer & Comb3. Shaving Head4. Beard & Sideburns Trimmer & Guard5. Cleaning BrushAfter opening the box and reviewing the instructions, I tested each of the available accessories.  All work as expected.  My husband tested the nose hair trimmer and said it was effective and easy on the nose.  I was able to remove all of the pesky hairs on my chin using the shaver head and it was perfect - resulted in a smooth shave and no razor bumps.  The eyebrow comb was easy to use and did the job.  I definitely will use this when I am traveling as it is convenient and compact.  This will also make a great gift for others.  The heads are easy to remove - a counter clockwise twist and the accessories interchange.  The unit does not come with a AA battery.  Only one battery is required.  Overall, this shaver is a good buy.  The shaver seems to be made of quality materials and is perfect for those annoying hairs that seem to appear as you get older.
849. these scales are stylish. they are easy to clean and are very accurate. The only thing I don't care for is the LED display is hard to see during daylight hours.
850. Cute Yoda looks just like pics however doesn’t stay on to well and toothpaste gets clogged and crusty in it.
851. This was recommended by my dentist.  I'm happy I can get these refills at Amazon.
852. We order these about every two months for our puppy.Love them and they stay on great.
853. I was using a different brand of strips which I can no longer find on Amazon....they worked amazing..Decided to try these and all I can say is “meh”They’re okay but not great. Def don’t work like the other ones I had. I won’t re order.... I’ll be trying some other brands.
854. just received it today. have used it twice already. It's amazing. It really feels good. strong massage without being too much. the heat is just right.  so far I am in love with this little dynamo
855. Work well
856. I went to sri lanka... I used it everyday there... I LOVE this stuff... smells great! ... and I didn't get bit a single time :)
857. Well, I wanted to get some sort of benefit from these... But they're useless. I don't believe in the &#34;Copper&#34; voodoo, but thought there would be some stability offered - there isn't, I thought maybe some benefit from the compression - there isn't. These do not stay up. Any movementwalking causes these to simply work their way down ur legs. This was not a worthwhile purchase at all....
858. Not a single change!
859. It took me a while to figure out how to really use these. Basically the idea is just to push in (much like fingernails). The problem is you have to push pretty hard and they can easily hurt you. It's not really easier than pushing your skin with your fingernails unfortunately. I will keep trying to get better with them. However if you have easily broken skin I would suggest being very, very careful in attempting these.
860. These are great for cleaning plastics, lineoleum, refrigerator doors, etc. The price is right on Amazon. Be cautious using them on cleaning paint. They can take the paint off or soften it. They are perfect on hard, non porous surfaces.
861. I use it as a toner at night but also as a makeup remover (i dont use to much makeup). I will be buying it frequently.
862. Wow...this is great stuff!  If you've ever used a product like Armor All wipes, you'll recognize the type of material being used.  It's nice seeing the bare micro fiber in a convenient package for so cheap.
863. bunches and causes friction...
864. This works well with shoes that are a bit larger.  If you use this with a fitted shoe - the pressure is worse on the area.
865. Useful for incapacitated people.
866. I used this to remove a medium-deep scratch from a Citizen Eco-drive watch with a sapphire crystal. I was not optimistic. However, after about three to four applications, the scratch was nearly gone, and the rest of the crystal looked markedly better! Watch the video before using, as it is a little complicated and time-consuming, but we'll worth the somewhat expensive price and effort!
867. Amazing little machine. Really gets the job done! I highly recommend.
868. Use WEN products.  Not a fan of the almond mint so I try different fragrances when available.
869. I loved the convenience for travel.  It dissolved beautifully in my morning coffee and had no taste at all.  And I like the fact that it comes from grass fed cows.I've been taking collagen for my fingernails and they are getting stronger.  They continued to get stronger on this collagen but I only used 7 packs so it's hard to say if they helped but it did not hurt.  It's pretty expensive so I might not use it for everyday but for travel the  effectiveness, taste, and convenience might be worth the extra cost.
870. At first I loved it because I could breathe more easily but after a while it didn't feel that comfortable - kind of pressed against my nose, not painfully, but  I was just aware of some pressure.  Also when I took off the mask I had to find a place to put the shield, it  wouldn't stay inside the mask so there were now 2 things to keep track of.  I'm on the fence about this - it does keep the mask cleaner, no lipstick stains, and it does allow you to breathe but I felt I had to keep adjusting it to try and make it pleasanter to wear.  Tried it upside down and right side up but it always seemed to press against my nose .  It fit nicely inside most masks - both homemade and  disposable ones.  I will be so happy when we don't have to wear masks any more.  It's hard for me to hear at the best of times and the mask straps get caught on my hearing aids and sometimes pull them out of my ears .... but I digress.
871. One night my smoke alarm decided to chirp around 4 a.m.  Too tired to get out the ladder and change the battery, I tried this mask and earmuff set.  I am already hard of hearing and did not have my hearing aids in.  With the earplugs in and the earmuffs on, I could still hear the chirps.  I also found the whole contraption very tight and uncomfortable even when I adjusted the straps to their longest.  I am a woman with an average size head.  I am glad this set helped so many people but wonder why it did not help me at all.  It is lovely silk, very soft ,and ought to be comfortable but for me it was not.
872. Just what I was looking for.  The curling iron has several settings to control heat and time.  It is easy to use and the curls last.
873. This is a good basic mask.  People who want more decoration can use post earrings, as I do.
874. I was very impressed on how great this tasted when prepared as normal spaghetti.  Great for those looking for low carb solutions with added healthy choices.
875. I love this thing. I have a messed up foot from a call several months ago and this really helps when it gets tight or painful. The pressure is great-I vary it depending on needs. I use it approximately once a day and have had no problems. I use the heat occasionally and it is meh.
876. Zero flavor and has made my nails grow thick and strong and I've never had good nails before. I mix it into my matcha latte every morning and it doesn't affect the taste or texture at all.
877. I was using cloth diapers and my son got a bad rash so I used some A&D ointment and it seemed like it was taking forever.  I found out about Weleda Calendula Diaper Care from my German Doula and bought some and it was amazing.  It cleared the rash in about 3 days and it was a bad rash.  I am always going to use this. Every parent should have a bottle of this in their home.
878. Does the job
879. Definitely don't drink it straight from the bottle. Burned my throat and it was sore for three days.
880. I have been using the tool for a month already and it works great to pickup trash from neighborhood no matter small or big. I have fun cleaning the neighborhood. Hate to see the streets dirty.
881. At the beginning I was reluctant to believe that omega-3 will help directly in my dry eyes but I am glad to say that actually works. I have Sjogrens and my eyes are very dry during the flare ups. I have being using this for 15 days already and it is working. I am happy with the quality of the product. The pills are dark, and I think this retards oxidation of the oil and I don't have fish-burps afterwards. Thank you!
882. I was skeptical about the effectiveness of this supplement, but after using it for a few weeks, I can confidently say that it has significantly improved my cognitive abilities.One of the most impressive features of Cervello is its unique formula that combines natural and synthetic ingredients, providing a balanced and effective approach to memory improvement. The blend includes well-known compounds such as ginkgo biloba and Bacopa monnieri, along with other lesser-known substances that have been scientifically proven to support memory function.What I appreciated the most about Cervello was how it delivered noticeable results without any adverse side effects. I didn't experience any jitters, nausea, or headaches that are commonly associated with other memory-enhancing supplements. Instead, I felt more focused, alert, and capable of retaining information, whether it was at work or in my personal life.Overall, I highly recommend Cervello to anyone looking for a safe and effective way to improve their memory. This pill is a game-changer for those who value their cognitive health and are looking for a science-backed solution to enhance their mental capacity.
883. These were really decent toothbrushes. They came in individual tubes for traveling, and the bristles were sure soft. It did a great job of cleaning my teeth. It did not feel like your everyday toothbrush. The bristles were thin, but they were very tightly intertwined. It was a very unique brush head that felt more like a sponge on the brush head. It did a great job overall, and was really safe for tooth enamel.
884. These hair trimmers cut my hair very efficiently. They gave my hair a smooth and even trim. The motor proved very powerful and did not slow down at all. With a great battery life, and very sharp blades they surprisingly did not irritate my skin. These professional trimmers are much better than most any that I have ever used. They are a precision instrument and were well engineered. Great design and even better followthrough.
885. I love this little guy. It is a very easy to use heated mat. It warms my feet in no time. It is very straight forward and made of premium materials that will last a long time. The temperature control is very convenient to change by foot, and my cold feet are now quickly warmed anytime I want.
886. Work perfectly in my Sally Hansen curler. The feel isn't as nice as the original that came with the curler but I received a whole bunch of them for less than the curler which is how it should be. The ones I received were very colorful, pink, blue, green...no black. But I don't really care as long as they fit.
887. I have only used the high heel pad for the front of my feet. And they were amazing. So comfortable. Heels that I couldnt wear for more than an hour. I wore all night.
888. Looks like a 2nd hand item that I'd buy at a thrift shop or a dollar store.
889. I searched for a good amount of time looking for vegan gummy fiber vitamins for my 3 year old.  He loves them and looks forward to eating them!  He thinks they are candy!!
890. Smells decent. Not gross like others
891. I love to give myself pedicures but this spa bath didn’t even turn on after I prepared the water and stuff and plugged it up
892. Best deal . Will buy again
893. This is the third time I've either bought or been gifted Oak & Navy bibs and I love them.  Everyone in my mother's group raves about them too.  The designs are so cute and can be matched to any outfit.  The little cowl neck helps catch drool and random bits of food!  They're lovely quality and a must for any stylish little tot.
894. They are beautiful and exactly like pic
895. My two year old son really enjoys this !
896. This is the best callus remover tool I have tried so far. It comes with a box of 80 sanding pads, and one pad can last several uses depending on what you have going on on the bottom of your feet. I tried it for the first time last night and my feet have never been softer. I have used chemical callus remover, I have a giant foot rasp that removes dead skin, I have the manual foot sanders; you name it, I've tried it.  But this thing beats all of them. My heels are currently just as soft as my toddler's feet and I'm 40 years old. The place where I get my pedicures done uses this tool as well, but they only use it on your feet for 5 seconds, slap some lotion on and they're done. I used it on thick problem areas for quite some time (with dry feet) and it really got it all off. It will stop if you press too hard but resumes as soon as you decrease that a little. Anyway, money well spent.
897. Love it, takes a little getting used to, like brushing your teeth with a great tasting dirt.
898. I needed a new shaker bottle and decided to give this one a try.  I've used this for a few days now and I am very satisfied with my purchase.  It's leakproof, which is good considering I throw it in my gym bag.  The blender ball works just as well as any other blender ball out there.  I really like the non-slip grip that they put on the sides (finger grove area) and the bottom of the bottle.  It really helps with not dropping the bottle when there is condensation all over it.  My only wish is that there was a ring or a loop or something on the bottle to make it a little easier to hold.
899. .. means cute. I mainly bought it for the nostalgia. It doesn’t hold a lot of q-tips in it.
900. I love these.  I worry a lot about traditional sponges and germs and saw these and thought why not try them. They are amazing and so easy to disinfect. My favorite feature is that one has a built in scraper which is perfect for my stoneware cookware. The little hooks are a nice added touch. I gave one to my mom and she is hooked!
901. Bottle lid was broken 😒. Other than that, good product.
902. I found this at CVS while on vacation with a very sick 1 and 6 year old. I was on an island with very limited choices. I didn't want to slather my children in Vicks, so I thought I would give this a shot. I used it exclusively on their feet. After applying I put socks on them. The coughing almost disappeared. It was amazing! We had almost a whole night of sleeping without coughing. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. The smell was not overbearing like Vicks.
903. These fit perfectly and work very well!
904. Blows every other foot file out of the water!!!
905. I got the glasses for my brother in law and they are exactly what he was looking for and they look very nice!!
906. Can’t get over the taste. Tried mixing it in smoothies but nothing can mask the flavor. Tastes like grass.
907. The band I received from WITHit was the molded style (not decal) and is amazing!  I get tons of compliments on it.  It fits my pebble time perfectly.  The colors are exactly as pictured.  It matches pretty much everything.  Highly recommend.
908. Definitely one of the best natural sunscreens out there! And I have tried many! It rubs in well (of course it has a different texture than chemical sunscreen) without leaving a white film, smells great and works awesome! We just gave it the real test in the Florida sun and water! No sunburn👍
909. I loved every thing about the headband and ear plugs. Items look just like the picture. We use this for bath time. My son has tubes.
910. well satisfied.
911. Light smell. Dark in color. My hair isn't so heavy when I mix oil with leave in conditioner
912. These are similar to the ones sold on the cruise ship I took last year but at 110 of the price. I could not make a comparison since I never used the other ones but these arch supports do a good job. Happy with the purchase.
913. I love Method products! We were always huge Tide fans, but I tried Method once and had to make the switch.  Great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking &#34;newer&#34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  Very nice, subtle fragrance.  Bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  Easy to dispense.
914. I love Method products! We were always huge Tide fans, but I tried Method once and had to make the switch.  Great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking &#34;newer&#34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  Very nice, subtle fragrance.  Bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  Easy to dispense.
915. This brush is great at gently cleaning produce.  We use it almost ever week and replace them about once a year (when the bristles wear out).
916. They work!
917. This bottle is only for 7 servings, not the regular 23 serving. Buyer beware, they are charging the same price for the 7 servings as the normal 23 serving cost. I do love this product however not willing to pay such an inflated cost at almost $4.50 per scoop!!!!
918. just get it, not cheap but i see it as an investment on our health!
919. Nice but did not come with the colors shown.
920. Love that this is compostable!  Gets way more junk out of my teeth than Glide Floss (TMI, I know!)
921. The plates are extra tiny and super flimsy. Cups are also very small. The banners are cute, napkins are fine, but overall, the set is pretty disappointing.
922. great price for so many items
923. I have Yorkies with notoriously bad teeth. I bought this item to try to help keep them clean. It said for small dogs so I bought it. Not sure what they consider “small” but this toy is huge and bigger around than their mouths. It has a gross plastic smell. Neither dog would get near it. I’m giving it to the neighbor for her big dogs.
924. I have several pairs of sandals with rubber bottoms that I was going to have to dump (like a previous pair) if I didn't protect the heal. Shoe repair places wanted more than what the shoe cost and they only had black heal guards.  So I purchased these and found a local store that would fix them for $10. I don't think this is a product you can do it yourself and have a satisfactory result compared to going to a professional.
925. The scrubber is very soft and dispersed my body bath soap luxuriously.  There are four in a packet and I have only used one three times, therefore, it is difficult to say how long it will last.
926. These aren’t even close to buff puff. You might as well use cotton.
927. I have an arthritic neck and muscle; tension which cause me great discomfort, to the point that it affects my appetite, make me dizzy and so miserable I don't feel like doing anything that requires movement, especially walking.  This neck warmer is almost perfect for me.  I heat it in the microwave oven for 2 12 minutes, it heats evenly, the clay beads retain the heat long enough that I can fall asleep and wake up feeling fine.  My only suggest9on:  make the back  wider, so it reaches better those muscles between the shoulder blades.
928. I have used and loved this product for years but it was a little green pill.  Didn't notice when I ordered but these new ones are capsules.  They don't seem to work as well for me and wonder if the ingredients have changed?
929. The electric cord could be longer, but other than that, my boyfriend likes it. It heats up well, and relieves his neck and back pain. Being able to button it up to keep it in place is definitely a plus.
930. I like this product.  Low Sugar low Carbs.  Good for low carb diet
931. These work well. Inflation is easy and completely adjustable.
932. I ordered this for my grandpa who moves around the house in his wheelchair. This was great for transition in floor from hallway to kitchen as he had trouble moving on the threshold. We liked it so much we are ordering another one for another area in the house.
933. Nice gift with every too needed.
934. useless product
935. Love it!!
936. I loved the shakes so much so I thought I would try these bars.  I did not like them at all.  They had a really strange taste and texture. I’ll continue to order the shakes, but won’t be reordering these.
937. great- do the job for decorations or presents
938. I immediately put these in a small crock pot and got them really hot, too hot at first. They hold heat really well, long after you are ready to move on. I dripped some essential oils on them and I think they absorbed them. These are about the size of your whole palm. One of my kids dropped one and it didn't break. Thank goodness.
939. I purchased this replacement bulb for my SLVR410.  This is not the same model as the SLV410.  The bulbs I ordered and received had the plug on the outside of the ring rather than the inside of the ring and were unusable.  That said, I went straight to the manufacturer and they explained the problem to me and sent me the correct bulb for the SLVR410 which is replacement part number FB681.
940. This degreaser is as described ! Very happy with the purchase.
941. Love this it works great and I carry into my office and use it all day long.  Perfect for the car.
942. Large enough for a few days worth of toileties. Dries quickly, zipper is excellent quality.
943. I have underactive thyroid and am losing my hair.  Not only has this reduced the amount of hair loss, I can see it filling it!  I just ordered another bottle!!
944. I'm choosing to announce here, on Amazon, my newly developed mineral enhanced, spiritually cleansed &#34;Cruciform Water&#34;. We follow around actual Catholic Priests and collect their Holy Urinary Output from public toilets near cathedrals and universities. We figure if you are gullible enough to buy this overpriced blender you......Uh, sorry, had a moment of truth telling. Unlike the makers of this machine. Back to peddling BS, much as Nanowell is...Only &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; has spent hours within the ultimate vessel of Holiness, an actual Catholic Priest! Infused with Priestly essence &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; will cure gout, crabs, dysentery, boils, scabies, despotic tendencies and wealth...uh...thirst. &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; is available in 2, 4 and 6 ounce sizes at the low, low price of only $599 per ounce. But our special Amazon Introductory price (because even WE can't charge that much) is only $399, a savings of more than TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS! Buy in bulk and SAVE!Seriously, this is a ripoff. Don't bother. Water is water, folks.
945. I use this scale for everything - not just food. Very accurate and versatile.
946. Seems to work well for congestion and digestion.
947. Even nicer in person than the photos, would definitely give as a gift, super cute
948. I'm fond of this lotion. It's definitely a good alternative to Jergans for dry skin. I usually use lotion on my feet, especially in winter, and I'm getting comparable results to standard Jergens. I also really like the scent of this lotion -- it's pleasant, but a little stronger than I like.
949. Wow, I wasn't expecting this dual sided silicone body brush to be as amazing as it is. I use the same amount of body wash as usual, and lots of soft foam is produced. The bristles are soft, but very effective (even if they don't feel that way at first!) The other side is nubby and works nicely for feet, knees, etc. It's a little heavy, but not overly. Dries quickly, and I can even sanitize it!
950. I have thrown away my typical 3 way buffers. This takes all those steps and turns them into one. Plus, you rinse it and it's good to go again, unlike the one time use a buffer gives me.This also shapes my natural nails to a smooth snag free edge.Only one side of this has 'grit' - but, the edges are rounded and super smooth so I can get close to the skin and cuticle without any issues, pains or nicks.It's super smooth, but very effective. I wouldn't use this to shine often, use sparingly!, because it works so well.Compact size, great cover, and perfect to carry in my bag.
951. I love to take a nice weekend nap, but our house gets a surprising amount of sunlight. Also when taking a day nap, my eyelashes end up all squashed and wonky, with no time to try and tame them back to un-smooshed length and curl.These silk sleep masks solve both of those major nap issues. They keep the light out, while being oh so comfortable to wear. I don't notice them, they are light not too tight and don't shift. The silk also keeps my lashes from squishing, they just glide over the silk.So comfortable, so nice looking and feeling, I feel like a 50s screen star, I'm just a glamorous napper.
952. This is fantastic. It does not leak, the rubber bladder keeps the water hotwarm for a really long time, and it's a great size.The cover looks just like a pretty night sky, and is really soft. I actually thought it was neoprene at first, but it's just the tactile feel from the rubber bladder inside.Large opening makes it easy to fill. I heat up water on the stove, and before it hits boiling is my ideal starting temp. My kids prefer the heat lower, but I like knowing that it hasn't stressed under the hotter water I use.Classic, comfortable and a great item to have for so many different things!
953. My son is an absent minded gamer, as in things that plug in often come up missing or suddenly stop working. So when he asked for a gaming headset I really didn't want to drop a lot of money, when in reality he does not need super fancy, just a decent quality that is highly durable and functional.These fit the bill perfectly. He loves them. I've played with them myself and am duly impressed. The sounds is good, the noise isolation is great, and the head set is clear on the other end.This keeps him from yelling at his phone while face timing and playing a multiplayer on his computer.Better yet it lights up, and while definitely a little gimmicky, he loves that little extra flair.I would get another pair of these, the price and quality are worth it!
954. I got these specifically to clean the interior of my car such as the door panels and center console. I didn't realize how dirty they were until I used these.
955. It has helped grind down my callus and for that I am pleased.  I like the power with the corder mechanism, although I misplaced the cord at one time and was wishing I had a battery model.  Too bad they don't have the cord welded to the unit, rather than the push type.  But it is what it is.
956. I'm allergic to the preservative in most contact solutions.  My eye doctor told me to start using this literally 15 years ago, and I've never looked back. Contacts are always clean, with no stinging.  MAKE SURE you always let this solution neutralize before putting your contact lenses in your eyes again - following the instructions is VERY important if you don't want a chemical burn.My only complaint is the lid is specifically designed to waste as much product as possible - it will keep squirting long after you've stopped squeezing.  This can actually be incredibly dangerous since the solution cannot come in contact with your eyes.  Really wish the manufacturer would address this.  I spray myself in the face accidentally all the time...luckily after I've put my glasses on.
957. Not a lot to say because it's so simple, but it works perfectly well and is great for people with fobs or separate keys they need to get apart quickly.
958. There are many reasons I like these plugs. They're discreet, comes with me everywhere I go, and they work. When I put these on correctly, it diminishes ambient noise while articulating speech. I bought them after a hearing injury, and I wish I had these then. For the price, it's a great investment. The only downside has been knowing when they're on correctly without jamming them into my ear. I have used them a few times and am now getting the hang of them. When I'm done, I try to clean them with soap and water, dry them off, and put them back into the canister.To you, informed shopper, if you don't end up buying downbeats, please buy a decent pair of earplugs today, if you don't have one. You never know when that next event, bar, club, lounge, party, or concert will leave you with irreversible damage.
959. Love, but a bit on the heavy side
960. I am an older man. I have tried MANY types of socks. These are the very BEST I have ever used!! They are just the perfect fit. Nice and wide. Nice and tall! Perfect amount of springiness. I had a tiny concern and their customer service is MOST WONDERFUL in how they treated me. They are a family owned business that has the customer's satisfaction at the top of their priority list.  These socks are worth every penny. (Can you tell that I am a Happy Camper?) i HAD to add some additional information that might help others. People that suffer from peripheral Neurophy  know that some days you just do NOT want to or need to wear the heavy duty support stockings. These naturally are not designed to be support stockings,  HOWEVER I find that they are absolutely amazing for light support they come upo to almost the knee.  They have  just the right amount of elastic to keep them up. All and all the best socks I have ever owned.
961. I have been using the Skidmore products for years and have had only superb success with it. As an example, years ago I bought a butcher block dining room table. It had a natural light "oiled" finish. Something other than polyurethane. I got the "bright idea" that I should re-coat it with a popular semi-gloss polyurethane coating. What a disaster. It looked ok for a few months then went downhill from there. Probably something I did in error during application to be honest. After looking at it for years I sanded off the poly and phoned the ownerinventor of the product who is more than willing to give one on one advice that is very nice. Got simple instructions and I followed them. Now the table literally looks BETTER than the day I bought it. This is great stuff for sure. And, a little goes a long way too. I am absolutely not a carpenter or cabinet maker, but this product makes me look like one. You can't go wrong as long as you read and follow the instructions. My highest recommendation!
962. I like the lamps but the bases don't hold in the lamps well & the bulbs blow in days.  I would buy again but be prepared to put them together and purchase extra bulbs. I make sure to turn them off at night because if the quality.
963. This white noise machine isn't that great. The sound loops are probably acceptable to most but the actual volume of this unit is low even at the highest settings. It's usb-c at least which is nice but other than that I wouldn't recommend this white noise machine.
964. These ear plugs kept my ear canals dry while swimming which is important since I've had issues with infections in the past. Unfortunately at this price point they're hard to recommend even though they come with the lanyard and a plastic case. Worth getting when discounted probably.Also they're fairly easy to lose so make sure you have a pocket with a zipper to store them in or a good dry bag.
965. Though these gauze packs are non-sterile and a bit thin, they're still a decent deal at this price point for backup use (emergencies, disasters). I wouldn't use them in my main first aid kit for my home or car, but for my backup kits and emergency bugout bags I'm okay with taking the chance on non-sterile gauze.
966. My 8 yo niece enjoyed this set but it went into her nail polish drawer after a few hours and hasn’t been seen since. If your child is a fan of the l.o.l franchise they’ll love this set.
967. There aren't quite as many decorations included in this pack as expected but it's perfect for decorating a smaller room or entranceway. I didn't have any issues with defective balloons etc. The mylar balloons were a hit with the kids.I'd definitely recommend this for any Halloween party or for Halloween night.
968. I've used a few tens units in the past and can state that this might be the most powerful one I've used though this power comes at the cost a shorter battery life. It worked for about 30 minutes out of the box though and when fully charged I got a few hours.This tens unit charges fairly quickly and provides muscle tensionpain relief so I definitely recommend this device.Just a reminder though that there are warnings online to not place the pads near your heart so I'd advise not using it on your torso or spinal cord.
969. This will pick up a small amount of dirt from a smooth surface. Compared to a regular vac this is not even in the same game and fails miserably in comparison. It is helpful in certain occasions such as when petting your pet and some hair get dropped on the rug and you don't feel like getting out your regular vac.
970. Got these for my wife who said she is very satisfied with this choice of straightener. The are reasonably comfortable and perform the way they are expected to do.
971. I just received this thermometer, it does not beep and does not register normal temperatures, so far, every time we have tried it is been 96 or 97 degrees. Not accurate at all. For the price I am not going to return but leaving a warning to others
972. THIS IS NOT A LIFESAVING TOURNIQUET. It should not be used in a real-life trauma situation. The materials and construction are woefully sub-par. Parts of it started to break immediately. It LOOKS like many well-known tourniquets, but it is NOT on-par with the real thing.That said, it's inexpensive and mimics the CAT-type ones close enough for training purposes. I used it at a class this past weekend and was pleased that I didn't need to put my real medical gear through adverse use conditions. A box of these would be fine for something like a Stop The Bleed course if budget is a concern.Again, THIS IS NOT A LIFESAVING TOURNIQUET. Training use only.
973. This stuff tastes great and helps me thru my workouts...
974. I use this daily with good to excellent results. Unlike others I have used, this one can be added and polished and blends very well with previous works.
975. Bought this for my wife, she loves it!  Colors are cool and it really protects her phone well.  Previously she had the OE Samsung flip case with replaces your back pc and doesn't protect your phone at all.  It also has a magnet that latches it shut.  Not the best built I've ever seen but it is good for the price.
976. Very good quality urn, easy to remove lid and it stays on tight...the map is beautiful although the reason it only has 4 stars is because across the top of my lid there is the alphabet?  I don't understand it?  It's called a world traveler urn...my brother was a world traveler so I thought it would be great for him....everybody that sees it says why is the alphabet on the top and I really have no answer...besides that everything is as described....thx!
977. This is the correct battery for my Waterpik SR 3000 electric toothbrush, so when it died I assumed that replacing the battery was the smart move.  I've been soldering small electronics since 1968, and I correctly soldered the leads from the device to these very small tabs (much smaller than picture would suggest).  I put the toothbrush on its charging stand and its flashing lights indicated it was charging.  24 hours later, the button on the device was still nonresponsive.  Battery replacement is not a sure thing.
978. I like it. Thickness is good, firm so it took a while to get use to it. I use on my recliner, so the length fits well between arm rests. I just wish the width was a little wider.When I recline the seat get bigger, By adding two inches it would still fit the chair but would feel better when I recline.I also purchase a week later a miso fiber pillow to lay on back to fill the void. That pillar is the same width and about 18 inches wide and two inches thickens three in the middle, great lumbar suport,
979. Mom swears by this for keeping hearing aids comfortable.  Ordered it for her as a gift.
980. This stuff tastes like three-day old roadkill smells.I've tried several ways of disguising it, including strong coffee, cocoa and peanut butter, without much success. There's always a disgusting aftertaste. Can't return it for a refund, and didn't get a response to an email to the seller. Bad experience all round.Research seems to show collagen works, but if you want to try it, I highly recommend a different product.And yes, I'm a customer, not a paid reviewer.
981. Doesn't stink or feel disgusting. I like that it has sunblock.
982. Mom's podiatrist recommended this for her, and it works fine.
983. So far so good.  My husband, who does smoke has had a lot of congestion since getting over a cold a couple months ago.  When I was looking for an NAC product, this one had excellent reviews.  I bought some for him a couple years ago but he complained it made him cough “too much”!  So this time, I went with 600mg.  He took them twice a day with a meal to avoid stomach upset. No problems there. Taking one at dinner time did cause him to cough a lot at nighttime thus affecting his sleep which then turned him into a bear!  So, he only takes one a day with his lunch and actually takes it without griping!  So far, he has been able to breathe much better and producing a lot more phlegm. I know, I know that it would be far better to just quit smoking!! Maybe someday? Also, these pills have NO odor!!!🤞. But for now, this product is working to help him and would definitely recommend.  One disappointment though was I had received a promotion from the company when I received the product for a $25 amazon gift card to apply for after using for a week.  I was to go to their website and give my review to receive it.  Their website doesn’t exist.  That was a bummer!  But overall, happy with the results of this product so far!
984. Legitimate product, though cost is high.
985. Ordered these crutches for my sister.She spent over 150.00 for crutches that where less quality which broke in little time.She is walking a little easier now and more they are comfortable for her arms.Thanks so much for not ripping people off with higher prices.
986. It's soothing and somewhat long lasting. The scent is really what I expected.
987. Shipping took a bit longer than expected. Good price and value.
988. Dead On Arrival.  I charged it for 8 hours at first, then tried it and it didn't turn on.  The light turned on when it's charging so it wasn't the charger.  I saw a Brad Mondo vid and his didn't turn on either until after like 16 hours of charge, so I plugged it back in and gave it another full 24 hours.  Still nothing.  I really wanted to like this too!  Pretty bummed.
989. Value for money = good hard durable case = basic supplies = getting used to the green color instead of the usual red with white cross or white with red cross.
990. Good price and work very well
991. Work as advertised! I do a lot of parties, and always have years. This helps extremely well. If you want to be able to still hear people in the music, this product is for you.
992. Cleans body and hair easily and thoroughly. Smells almost as nice as almonds. Some may need hair conditioner after shower.
993. This is a good, quality VG for mixing e-liquid.  I've used this in the past, and am quite pleased with it for the price.
994. I'm using these along with a scooter while I recover from a broken ankle.  I have arthritis in my shoulders so I this style of crutch works better for me balancing the pressure better for me.  These are reasonably priced but still good quality.
995. This is actually really easy to use. The pictures are from our first attempt with a small watermelon. The slices were nowhere near perfect but still it was easier than using a knife. The rubber grip helps a lot if you get juice on your hands and the whole thing feels solid. The melon baller was ok but would actually work better on a cantaloupe or something firmer since it's a bit on the small side.I received this in return for a review. Its doubtful you will get picture perfect results without a lot of practice but it does make it better and easier.
996. Doesn't really hold well compared to other mattifier creams.At least for men who doesn't apply makeup over it.
997. This scale generally works okay, but it seems to have a weird memory function. For example, I'll take my weight and it will jump around pretty dramatically before jumping to a number. Then, if I step on it again, it'll immediately go back to that same number, as if it has a memory function in it. Then, just to test it, I'll grab something else (about a pound or so) just to test it, and it'll STILL immediately jump to that same number. This obviously makes me not trust the numbers.
998. This was spilled out everywhere. I would've retuned it but I ended up just throwing it in the garbage out of frustration. Literally the tiniest bottle. Super big rip off, won't buy again
999. It a must..use it everyday
1000. It's essentially a velcro-strap waistband with a gel pack inside for heat or cold therapy. I ordered this to replace an old one I had that was no longer usable. This wrap is a quality product, and comes with a gel pack that is much larger than the old one I was using, which is great. You can also place smaller gel packs in the "pocket" if you wish, but so far I've found the larger gel pack that comes with it to be preferable. Works GREAT for lower back pain, gives relief in just a few minutes. Easy to put on and remove as well. There are lots of these for sale here but this one is exceptionally good in my opinion.
