1. All right, these are rather pricey for only 14 days worth of probiotics, hence the not perfect review. But then again, you should only need them when you have some sort of stomach upsettake antibioticsspecial circumstances. Overcoming a nasty case of bronchitis, I decided to give these a try when I came off the meds. They seemed to work, they're easy to swallow and they don't need to be put in the fridge (but keep from extreme heat).
2. The quality of tea from this sellerbrand, Starwest is really good (having tried it from friends in the past and a brew made at one hotel). But how much product I received was very disappointing.For the record, this is my first & ONLY time order from the sellerbrand directly because they basically ripped me off in such a way. I love love LOVE their Lemon Balm tea, since my friends buy from Starwest and had me try it one time! This tea during the pandemic has awesome anti-bacterical properties so I had to stock up on some since some things seem to be scarce now & days.However, for the $14+ I was charged for this, you can see from my pictures that the packaging was never opened and look on how much tea product I was given. And this is a BIG BAG. What is the point of having it in a big bag when you will barely fill it or package it right.Please buy Lemon Balm tea elsewhere. While the taste and quality matters, so should the quantity you pay for.
3. Works great for aches and pains
4. Mostly baking soda with almost no mint flavor. But they don’t dissolve. You could just travel with a baggie of baking soda for the same experience.  Very disappointing.
5. It’s Biz. Works great
6. I hate cardboard Emery boards and I don't like the way the glasscrystal boards feel either. This is a great alternative to those and I find this much easier to clean as well. Feels comfortable in my hand and gets the job done on my nails. Definitely my favorite nail file.
7. When growing up, we often had a battery bag, which contained batteries of various sizes and makes which had been pulled from electronics or opened battery packages and were "still good" in one way or another. I am a creature of order, however, and such slap-dash methods are no longer satisfactory to me, especially since there is the possibility of a circuit being created in there between cells of various sizes and charges.This is a far more elegant solution. I have these sorts of holders for every kind of battery I own, and they are all neatly stored in a ziplock bag in a box. I always know exactly how many batteries I have and thus when I need to order more. The cells are kept isolated from one-another and in tight formation. I even keep a couple in my hiking pack - no digging around the bottom of the bag for a stray AAA attempting an escape.If I am giving someone a gift which requires batteries, I will usually include a holder like this with it, filled with the appropriate type of lithium cells. The presentation is on-point and it ensure that not only can they use the gift immediately, but can continue to use it for the next couple years or so.The build quality is good, the batteries are easy to insert and remove, and the clear plastic leaves no question as to how many cells are in the holder and what sort of cells they are.Would recommend.
8. I like to keep a few of these on hand to through in my backpack as backups for my flashlight. When I give flashlights as gifts, I will also typically include a full caddy of replacement batteries; it looks neat and orderly and will keep the recipient at full power for a year or two. The caddies are nice even for basic storage since they prevent the batteries from wandering all over the place and protect them from coming into accidental contact with metal or each other.I've been using these for about five years now and will continue to use them moving forward. Would recommend.
9. Excellent poduct, very good delivery time.
10. Works well.
11. They help me get the lint off of my husband & my clothes. I can't find the lint filter on my washing machine so we have a lot of lint.
12.  Seems like a good size pill - I don’t think it would be too hard to swallow and it does appear smaller than other vitamin pills I’ve seen beforeBenefits should be reviewed with your doctor and you should check with them to make sure that these are going to benefit youOverall I think these are nice. Hopefully they’re beneficial to you
13.  Seems like a nice toothbrush setI like the design and felt it was easy to holdSeems to be a pretty standard Toothbrush and I’d say is comparable to others I’ve used beforeOverall I think this is adequate and would meet expectations
14. Seems easy to use.  red light therapy was recommended to me by a friend because I have back pain.  Trying this out to see how it worksThe design seems simple and I think it’s simple to operate.  Time will tell how fast the pain is reduced but I’m willing to give it a shot and seeOverall I think it’s nice and pretty easy to use
15.  This is a nice set.  each little ball comes individually wrapped which makes it much safer to use and handle.I got them for my garage.  Trying to make sure any rodent stays out.  Also got the ultrasonic rodent repellent which works nicely in conjunction
16. This is a really nice unit for back pain!  I was in a car accident a few years ago.  I’ve bought tons of back braces over the years, massage tools, and other items to help back pain.  I’d definitely put this in the top three of the items that have provided pain relief.It’s very easy to use.  Set the base up, put the device on top of it.  Then just turn it on.  I let it go on automatic mode and was happy with that.  My wife like the heat too.  Said it felt really good.We are very happy with this overall
17. For the price, I thought this was the big tube. It was tiny and expensive.  Look for a different brand
18. I had an expensive TENS unit the Dr prescribed via a medical supply company for years. I wasn't sure how well this would measure up after that one finally gave up after years and years of use but this one is AMAZING and even better!!
19. Love it! Easy to use; tastes & smells great! ❤️
20.  Personally,  I hate seeing a review for a supplement from someone who has only used it a couple of times.  It's not long enough to determine if it really works or if there are significant side effects.  I actually took these for a full month before recording my experience.  Overall,  it was a positive one.I  have a spinal cord injury and like many wheelchair users, I have a problem with muscle spasms.  Using a magnesium supplement has worked better than muscle relaxers and without all of the nasty side effects.  This is a lower dosage than I usually use,  but the absorption is better apparently because it works just as well.  It's also a good choice if you are starting out.  It's not a high enough dose to cause digestive problems.
21. I bought these for a pair of dressy shoes.  I usually wear the smart,  but old looking orthopedic shoes, but these were too darn cute to pass up.  I really needed some more support, but I honestly didn't expect a lot from these.  Even though they look simple, they actually help a lot.  They are very easy to use.  Simply stick them wherever you need them on the sole of the shoe with the preapplied adhesive.  The set includes 3 different colors,  but I really like the clear ones.  You can barely even see them.
22. Before I became disabled,  I was a massage therapist.  Since I have to wear splints on my fingers, I needed something that could help me with trigger points and acupressure.  This is the perfect solution.  It's strong,  but the edges are smooth so it doesn't dig in or scratch the skin.  If you are into the healing power of crystals, you might be happy to learn that rose quartz is great for self love and beauty which makes it perfect for a self care pampering routine.
23.  I bought these for my sister who is a practicing Wiccan.  She likes to use crystals in her craft, but I thought these would be good for spell jars.  They are presorted into little glass bottles so you don't have to pick through the lot to get to what you need.  The jars are labeled and have a cute little cork as a stopper.  The gems themselves are small enough chips for even tiny spell jars.  They are polished so you don't have to worry about  sharp edges.
24. I have used sea moss Gummies before,  but I must admit that I was a little scared to try the real thing.  Since I like to keep my diet in the raw as much as possible,  I decided to give this a shot.  Honestly,  it's basically tasteless.  It has a very faint oceany flavor that I barely notice.  If I put it in a smoothie,  I don't notice it at all.  The texture reminds me of chia seed jam.  It works really well as a thickener in smoothie bowls and pudding. If you are gluten free,  it's a good way to thicken soups as well.  The serving size is very low so this bag should last a long time.
25. I have a brain injury which has effected my short term memory.  I thought this might help and so far it has.  I feel like it is easier to concentrate and my memory has improved.  I haven't noticed any side effects.
26. Probiotics are important for digestion and immune health,  but they can get pricey.  These are reasonably priced and seem to work the same as my regular brand.
27. I was a little concerned about this because I have never used this brand before.  I am so glad I gave it a shot,  because  it works really well.  It's strong and easy to shape around my bowls.  I will buy more soon.
28. I love baths so I was excited to try this.  It's so cool to see it dissolve and make a bunch of bubbles.  I really like the scent.  It smells so fresh and clean because of the essential oils.
29. I like the convenience of gummies since my son can't swallow pills.  He likes the flavor.
30. I bought this for my son who is on the autism spectrum.  I was concerned that he wasn't getting is teeth completely clean everywhere.  Unfortunately,  this doesn't really work.  It barely moves and feels awkward.  I feel like it was a huge waste of money.
31. I am a big believer in aromatherapy so I decided to try this one out.  It smells amazing and it has helped me relax into a deep sleep.  It's very convenient to just spray it on my sheets before bedtime.  I will definitely order again soon.
32. They aren't exactly bad tasting,  but they are very strange.  It's like eating peas that have the same texture of matzo crackers.  It's messing with my mind and taste buds because I keep expecting to taste chips, not peas.  Maybe they will grow on me.
33. My hubby said &quot;wow my back feels incredible &quot; &quot;it feels so clean&quot; . I suppose it is safe to assume he really liked these back scrubbies. I like the size and you can easily stretch them to clean and then they go back. They don't take up a lot room. Hang easy on a suction cup hook. Fast to dry. Tight weave but not stiff. Knotted on both ends with loops to hold onto. Great quality. We usually buy the regular bath poufs but these easily fold to use all over the body. My toddler thinks they are hilarious and tries to wash with them. They are gentle enough for his skin even though they clean well. No funky smell when I opened them. 6 pack is very economical and these will store fine under the sink until needed. If you find it hard to lean down trying to wash feet you can use these also with the loops. Just stand on one end and rub bottom of foot on it. My hubby has a bad knee so this works for one leg. I received this item free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I receive no other offer or deal or compensation.  Thanks.
34. These filters are small must only be for kids masks
35. Stay's heated all day long, I wear it almost everyday, great product! No more store brought disposal heating padspatches. Wish it came in larger sizes.
36. After weighing 250 pounds for the last six years--including during periods when I ate less andor increased my exercise and lost NO weight, I have dropped to 230 in only three months using MCG. I eat whatever I want--although I am dramatically less hungry than I ever used to be and I have virtually no cravings for sweets (unheard-of for me) and I am not exercising at all. Just as a matter of documentation, I'm 46 and 6'4.I have 30 more pounds to lose, and the only reason this is a four-star review instead of a 5-star review is that my weight loss does appear to have stopped. It's been difficult to find clear guidance on whether it's safe to take more of the supplement, and if so, how much more, and that, too, is frustrating. I don't know anything about other brands of this stuff, although I saw a Consumer something or other report in which a couple of the other &#34;top&#34; brands were found by laboratory analysis to have either less or NONE of the active ingredient in them. This particular brand was not included in that study at all.I'm not brand loyal by any means--I don't give a darn who makes it and am more than happy to switch if I find a cheaper manufacturer--but I have stuck with Miracle because it worked at least this far (and I still have three bottles left).To those who tried this and had no benefit, I don't know what to say other than that I am sorry for your lack of results. I regularly eat steak, chicken, salmon and halibut, rice, homemade pasta, quality cheese, organic fresh fruits and veggies, dry roast almonds, homemade ice cream and homemade cherry pie (a no sugar added recipe for the latter) and I drink about 2 cups of Twining's Green Tea every day. As I said about, I find I'm hungry for (and thus just comfortably eat) much less of these foods at eat sitting than ever before, and have been happy to do so. The supplement is expensive, but I have saved a ton of money taking dinner leftovers to work for lunch the next day.Assuming I continue to have curbed cravings and reduced appetite, and assuming my weight loss resumes soon, I really couldn't be happier. It's hard for me to imagine that this is just a fluke, after trying to budge my weight unsuccessfully for six years and then lose 20 pounds in 90 days. Will it all come back ifwhen I stop taking the supplement? Is the supplement safe to take long-term to keep my weight down, if the cravings return? As far as I can tell, nobody knows yet.If anybody cares, I'll be happy to post an update as time continues to pass. Today is May 25, 2014.
37. Each mint is about 7mg of caffeine, but it feels much more powerful than that! I'm not sure which flavor I like more, they are all very good.
38. These make great gifts! Love the lavender scent and the bombs are a nice size too. They last a bit and make your bath a relaxing spa. The tops have little lavender buds which is a nice touch.
39. I love these silicone face scrubbers. These are larger than other ones I've used so they're great for cleaning your face easily. Gentle and effective, I suggest giving them a try if you've never used them before.
40. I've never used a water flosser before but wanted to try one. So glad I did. This flosser has a good size reservoir for one cleaning. Has all the attachments you need for various purposes. Works great and happy with this particular product. It's also easy to charge and can be transportable.
41. The four pack of bamboo bath sponges are a great deal. I go through a few every year and this four-pack will keep me stocked. Soft mesh and shower gel foams up nicely when using. They have a nice ribbon to hook them for draining.
42. I'm stocking up on all immune boosters from here on out! Elderberry gummies are at the top of my list and these gummies have echinacea as well to boost immunity. Love the gummies since they taste good and are super easy to chew for the kids as well. I am convinced after using them through cold and flu season that they really do help.
43. I love elderberry products and these gummies seem to help with fighting off colds and illness. My family takes them at the first sign of a cold and it really helps to keep the symptoms at bay. They also include vitamin C and zinc so you get a nice dose of protection. Easy to chew and tastes good too.
44. I just use a fully filled dropper in bottom of my larger piece. Works well! Can't complain :)
45. This is awesome! It plugs in so it has great power!
46. This item arrived on time and everything seems to be intact. The lid was a little hard to get off though. Trying to get a grip on the lid to unscrew it was a pain, I needed to get my rubber gripper out.
47. Baby wipes sure have improved since I used them on my daughter who is now an adult.  Many options are available now and there are noticeable differences among the offerings in the marketplace.  I prefer the  because I like the unscented variety, but these are very similar in form and function.  Having a powdery like scent, I imagine that these would remove lingering odors from the wiped body part and that's a good thing in many cases.  The wipe texture is similar but I think the  are a little moister than the Natural Clear wipes.  In any case, both of these Pampers products are outstanding and I'm sold on replacing the generic and store brands I've been buying for many years.  Wipes are usable for so many purposes other than baby's bottoms.  I use them for removing makeup in a professional setting and use them daily for my dog's face and legs.  I tend to use the unscented variety for people with sensitivities but doubt that these will react with most people.  Nevertheless, it's nice to have both options available right now.  As with the other Pampers wipes, these are packaged in an attractive and lightweight plastic with a sturdy heavier plastic cap that's easy to open and close.  It seals very well and I expect especially in this variety that the wipes will remain moist unless they are uncapped or kept in heat for an extended period of time.Despite Amazon's image showing a package labeled as containing 192 wipes and packages of 72 wipes each, these do indeed contain 64 nice sized wipes in each package.  I like these, too, and look forward to having a baby around here soon on which to use these as well.
48. The lamp works great, I've had no problems in nearly a year.  It is not heavy to move, as I do transport it from room to room, depending on where I'm going to do the needlework that benefits from this wonderful light.  For reading, it's terrific, too, but I really use it for delicate counted cross stitch projects which may incorporate as many as a hundred different colored threads, many of which are nearly impossible to distinguish from one another in any other light.  Between this and a magnifying glass which hangs from my neck, I'm all set and this even has the extra bonus of the little tray which holds eyeglasses, little scissors and a beverage.  I'd buy it again!
49. Batteries leaked within package.  Put in new Dracells.  Motor doesn't work.
50. Stem unscrews from bowl allowing for easy cleaning out of residue.
51. Fantastic sprayer! Fine mist and perfect amount. Great for travel. A+++++++!
52. I have used this product for the last 15 years. I mix 1 tsp with my fiber 2x daily for nutrients I may miss in food intake. Very pleased with this product.
53. I really love these sponges. I hope they never stop making them.
54. Love these.  I am a nurse and my arms get cold, but I am too hot with a full shirt.  These r perfect.  Look really nice and well made.  Highly recommended!!
55. Velcro failing already during couple of weeks use, Polyester material sticks to velcro and does not hold. Failing both sides. Comes off easy and can not wear any longer. I am not regular user, at an average once in a two days
56. I have athletes foot that appears without me going to a public place, and want to kill the fungi off of all my shoes.  I think this is a good step and good product.  We will see.  I am using this in my shoes regularly.  I don't spray them and then put them on, but wait until the next day.  I have also purchased "Ting" to put on my feet and other areas.  Fungi spores can live for a long time so this product is good for shoes, I think.  I say I think because it's not like I have done a scientific study or anything like that.
57. My wife said it smells like &#34;old man.&#34;  Not a great fragrance and rather strong.  But good at preventing body odor.
58. We used to wash our yoga mats in the bathtub.  It's not the easiest thing to do since they are long and one of them is super thick.  We used to then drape it over the bathtub to let it dry, which took a few hours.  I had no idea there was a yoga mat cleaner out there.  I was ordering a bar of soap from this company and when I added it to my cart, it showed suggestions for other products and this was one of them.  I decided to take a chance and order it since the reviews were good and it seemed to have non-chemical ingredients.  I would never use a traditional cleaner on the mat since our skin directly touches it and I didn't want the material of the yoga mat to deteriorate.  So when I got this, I tried it out on one section of the mat and it seemed to work great.  I got the non scented one since my husband would not be thrilled with his yoga mat smelling &#34;fruity&#34; or &#34;florally&#34;. I have now used it several times on both of our mats and this works great and is a much easier process than our original method of getting them clean.  I love that this comes with a cleaning cloth so I can just throw both of them in the workout bag instead of having to pack an extra towel.  This cleaner is amazing and has made our process so much easier!  Next time I might have to try one of the scented ones and just see if hubby notices.
59. We both likes this product, but, for us it was not thick enough.
60. you have to read the ingredients. i have been drinking this tea for three days. it has little if any  taste.  in respiratory distress, because i am allergic to oranges. i have hives in my throat, choking.from now on i will read the ingredients.
61. I was initially skeptical about this, thinking that it might leave white marks on my body or make my towel oily. But turns out it's super easy to apply after shower because of all the moisture still left on the skin. And it turns clear on the skin after applying and doesn't stain my towel either. I like how smooth it feels and how fast and easy to apply. Will toss out my regular lotion and use this one from now on.
62. Very cheesy and crunchy. The biggest problem is that I couldn't stop eating once I started.
63. I have several microfiber towels as they are easy to fit into bags when packing for a trip. There have been several camping trips where these have been a lifesaver in terms of not taking up a lot of precious space in backpacks. This towel, however, is much thinner and not as absorbent as the other, admittedly more expensive, ones that I’ve purchased.  It feels cheaper and not as soft and velvety as others.  The Velcro works fine and the length is good.  I would not recommend this for a larger person or a person with a wide chest as I don’t think it would be comfortable—too tight.
64. brilliant idea, works perfectly. The stickers on two of the boxes were incorrect. Customer service offered a new set, fantastic service. A must buy for tablet takers everywhere.
65. very cheaply made. turned out to far and the handles were extremely uncomfortable. the arm cuff is really small .
66. still have cat probs, didn't work too good
67. I bought this because I have arthritis in my right thumb, and it hurts to use a regular fingernail clipper.  I can effortlessly cup my nails.  It's such a relief!  The only thing I didn't like is the size of the cutting mechanism.  It's a little large.  It's better suited  for clipping toenails than fingernails.
68. These are great! I got 160 wipes two years ago, and just now need more, and oh, no, the company that makes them is no more. I'll try Kimwipes, but oh my heart, I never knew I could love disposable microfiber wipes so much. They were phenomenal for cleaning my glasses.
69. I bought this for pooping in the woods because I like a clean bootay and I don't want to leave lots of TP and wipes in the woods, even if buried. But you know what, I use this at home and I love it. Clean as a whistle.
70. I found these in my local grocer's, used them, and fell in love. I understand the negative reviews, since in today's society faster and simpler is deemed better, but I believe in working at least a little harder if you want the best results in any area of our lives. The glue flap requires attention and care to close it properly, and the results are excellent. I just bought out one supplier here at Amazon, and I'll be looking for more. I love this Quickasteam product, and I thank the inventors and manufacturers who have made my dinnertimes much faster, safer, and more delicious.
71. Initially I used this lemon oil to get sticky adhesive off some clothes and it worked great. I made some sugar lemon scrub and it smells wonderful. I ran out it and used a different brand. What a mistake. Fabulous Frannie’s lemon smelled stronger, better and I used less than the other brand. Going to purchase the largest bottle available.
72. The instructions are not very explicit basically consisting of photographs.I found the straps tended to chafe under the arms. However it is better than other ones that I tried
73. Very useful when I steam veggies for more than one person. Three minute shot and done.  Very quick ..and easy to clean.  I choose ceramicsas a healthy and attractive choice....preserving nutrients and making us think, at least, that the food is appealing  An alternative to overcooked,boiled and tasteless vegetables. ( I also steam yams - it's very quick and the result is moist and so tasty.)
74. Doesn't work nearly as well as Heliocare.  It's cheaper, but I guess that's why.  I get burned whereas I don't when I use Heliocare
75. Doesn't seem to be as good quality as the higher priced brands I've tried, but I guess you get what you pay for...........or don't.
76. Durable, beautiful and sturdy for small gift packaging
77. Works fine as advertised.
78. I cant believe the difference between this product and other Vitamin C supplements Ive been taking. I had issues with my gums and an infection. Nothing was working to help heal. After taking this Liposomal Vitamin C for over a week now the infection is gone! I am so thankful.
79. I'm so glad I found these! I know apple cider vinegar is good for you but I love the gummies much better. Easier for oral consumption.  Excellent detox.
80. Love krill oil and this brand is great!
81. It does what is suppose to.
82. did nothing ....
83. Unfortunately these mouth tapes are worthless junk. They don't stay on, they don't breathe, so it makes you sweat and eventually you will have a blowout early in the morning ruining your sleep cycle.
84. I purchased this for my sister and she loves it.  The animal covers make this such a cute and practical gift.
85. I bought these to replace some from an old hanging lamp.  They are pretty sturdy and I think they will last a long time.
86. Excellent value for money, stretches well, very comfortable to use during day or night.
87. SelectSocial CBD products are great. They are third party tested for accuracy. And the little extras like the herbals in their capsules are a nice added bonus.
88. I purchased this as a gift for my daughter...she loves it and says it works great!!!
89. I have bought a lot of different cricket powdersflours before, this is the first time I have bought this product and ran into this issue. There are hard black small pieces of something, if I had to guess it would be the cricket "crap", which should not be there. Normally crickets will be fasted for a few days so that all clears up, this step either did not happen or somehow missed. I will upload photos of what I am seeing a bit later. Definitely have to throw away the entire bag, that is an expensive lesson to got with a different vendor..
90. Lightweight and breathable.
91. WOW these are amazing.
92. I'm either getting used to sugar substitutes or this product really is outstanding. Great for a post dinner treat (with my brandy).
93. Love, love these scales! Quick and accurate. Makes weighing a pleasure.
94. Used for our class Reunion infot-shirt bags...held up well!
95. I am soooo thrilled to have healthy skin around my ears & certain places on my scalp, after &#62;decades&#60; of painfulmessy seborric dermatitis!!!!! I'm no longer tied to my &#34;small part time job&#34; of applying meds 2-4 times a day & having to wash my long, thick hair daily, when other brands & levels of this special pine bark did nothing...I am so so very impressed & grateful!!
96. Good stuff. Useful when you need it.
97. Comfortable fit but not much help with sweating under the mask
98. There was no curve to this eyelash curler and didn’t grip eyelashes. Would not recommend!
99. Very cheap and it’s shows, but get the job done
100. I have two GSD and one mixed breed medium size dog . She wasn’t too crazy about it , probably due to her size and age but two GSD loved it and treats disappeared in a few days ;-)Would definitely buy it again.
101. It's working so far :-) I purchased one a while ago ( I think about 5 months ago ) and plug it in not far from litter box . It works , maybe not whisper quiet ( I can hear it working , not too loud but identifiable :-) , so I bought second one for my bathroom .
102. To be honest, I have never seen such a large bottle of sandalwood oil before. Most of the time I've had to make due with a diluted product because santalum album is dreadfully expensive most of the time.This sandalwood oil has a nice warmth to it and you can diffuse it alone or with some vanilla essential oil for a very relaxing fragrance.This arrives in a nice box with a solid lid on it so it doesn't spill and it also has a dropper which I immediately installed for ease of use.I feel lucky to have found this as I use sandalwood quite a bit in my diffuser to help me relax in the evenings.~The Rebecca Review
103. This lemon balm supplement liquid tastes a little like an herbal coffee. I took it at around 9 pm and by 9:30 I was feeling very emotionally calm. The easy-to-use single serving tubes are also handy. You just snap off the lid and drink the contents. So if you are looking for something to help you relax this might work for you. Of course consult with your doctor before taking any supplements.~The Rebecca Review
104. B vitamins are needed when you are on a vegetarian diet or when you are just stressed out by life's challenges. These easy-to-use tubes are portable and travel well. They save you from having to swallow more pills. These are pleasantly strawberry flavored and provide B3, B6, B7, B9 and B12. The other ingredients include distilled water, vegetable glycerin, citric acid, potassium sorbate and natural flavorings. They taste great. To your health...please consult with a doctor before taking supplements. Personally these make me feel calmer and less anxious.~The Rebecca Review
105. Creatine Monohydrate is the most affordable form of creatine. This is also micronized creatine so it dissolves better. This dissolves almost instantly in water - I stir it a bit with a spoon. The taste of this creatine is almost completely neutral so it blends into any drink. The recommendation is to stir this into water, non acidic juice or a carbohydrate drink. The benefits of drinking creatine is that it helps you increase your energy so you can have more strength and endurance when lifting weights.~The Rebecca Review
106. A month ago my blood pressure was 14080. I had atrial flutter issues and my heart was acting bizarre. I started taking a Potassium and Magnesium product and saw some results. Then I read The Magnesium Miracle by Dr. Carolyn Dean and stated taking this liquid magnesium. I noticed good results with magnesium and now my blood pressure went down to 11060. So my nurse practitioner has halved my blood pressure medication and I have an appointment in a month to check it again.If you do take this liquid magnesium and have high blood pressure make sure you are working with your doctor or nurse because your medication may need to be adjusted. They also did an EKG on me and said my heart was normal and I told them: "Well I'm taking magnesium." They also did blood tests and said they were normal. I'm not sure my nurse actually realized that the magnesium had lowered my blood pressure. Here are some of my experiences day by day at the start:Day 1: I took 14 teaspoon in 16.9 fluid ounces water. It made me feel relaxed and I slept well.Day 2: I got ambitious and took 12 teaspoon in a large container of iced tea and it only tasted a bit salty.Sipped over a couple of hours and it seemed to relax me and take the edge off my anxiety. I thought it was giving me a lot of energy and made my heart beats really strong.Day 3: Backed off a bit and took 14 teaspoon in a small amount of cranberry juice. Tasted salty and a bit bitter so didn't want to do that again. Decided it needed more liquid to make it palatable.Day 4: Took 14 teaspoon in a pint (2 cups) of coconut water. My anxious thoughts stopped and my mind felt calm and almost as if my thoughts were not as loud.Day 5: Took 14 teaspoon in 2 cups bottled water. Felt as if my system was detoxing and cleaning out.Day 6: Felt like toxins were being released so drank more water.Day 7: Decided to try taking the magnesium liquid in capsules. That way you can't taste and salty or bitter flavor.Day 8: While waiting to get capsules, took 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in iced tea.Day 9: Put 14 teaspoon magnesium in 3 veggie capsules. Swallowed them down with no issues.Since then I've been taking 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in five veggie capsules. I fill them up with a syringe and take them right away, not letting them sit around to dissolve. It is a little extra effort but it keeps my atrial flutter under control and I feel better in general. You may want to wipe the capsules off a bit after filling. I just use a napkin. That way you don't taste any of the liquid. That is my best solution and how I'm going to continue to take this magnesium.My cautions are to start slow with drops or 14 teaspoon and work up slowly to 12 teaspoon a day. Also read The Magnesium Miracle to understand all the reasons to take this product and how to take it. I would not recommend taking it straight, always dilute it in at least 2 or more cups of water to make it palatable. I will say this magnesium does NOT have laxative effects like other magnesium products do. That is a good thing if you want to leave the house!So my experience has been positive. Please consult with your doctor before taking any supplements as your medications may need to be adjusted.~The Rebecca Review
107. During the cold months of winter it is nice to use a furniture polish which shines up all your wood desks, bookcases and tables. I love Endust because it makes wood glow with natural beauty and keeps dust at bay for at least a while until you can dust again. I like that this leaves no greasy or oily residue. It wipes off clean. The scent is pleasant too and that makes cleaning more fun. I find it works best to spray the cleaner onto a clean rag, that way there is not over spraying.~The Rebecca Review
108. If you read a lot and your eyes get bloodshot these eye drops really help. I notice that a few drops in each eye gets the red out in a matter of minutes. I don't use these a lot, just occasionally when I read too much. The warning on the back says too much use can have the opposite effect so it is advised you use this product sparingly and only when needed. Please see your doctor if redness continues or if you have eye pain.~The Rebecca Review
109. Vitamin E Oil is great for helping to prevent scars. I've used this oil on my face and on my arm. It seems to help cat scratches heal faster. It is thinner than a straight E oil from a capsule. It is more liquid because it has coconut oil and jojoba oil in it. It is easy to apply with the dropper that is included. This bottle will last you a long time! It is nice to know this is organic and healthy for your skin.~The Rebecca Review
110. Klip Pro's Electric Callus Remover has more power than most rechargeable units. I felt this removed dry skin quicker and more effectively than other tools I've used in the past and I've tried quite a few. The callus remover is also ergonomically designed so it fits comfortably in your hand while using it. This is not for people with poor blood circulation or diabetes. This also comes with good safety information.~The Rebecca ReviewI received one free unit for review purposes.
111. For the past couple of years I've hardly been sick at all. I take my vitamin C daily and I think that helps. But recently I was around someone who was coughing and touching everything and spreading their cold everywhere. It was very frustrating to realize that I was probably going to get sick.Well I had one day of feeling like I was getting a cold and I took this four times a day as prescribed. Wow I'm not sick. This stuff really must work. I found the taste inconsequential. In a glass of water I could not taste it at all. One dropper full in water is the recommended dose. It is about 25 drops of liquid. I counted it to be sure.Buying this may seem expensive but how much is your health worth? To me it was well worth the cost and this bottle will last a long time as you use so little. When they say you will be well in a day they really mean it.I was very impressed with this remedy and will keep it on hand at all times. It works better than anything I've tried before. I even told my nurse practitioner about it and she thought it was good.Who wants to be sick for a week or more. I just don't have the time. As with all herbal remedies do consult with your doctor before taking.~The Rebecca Review
112. When my generic Ambien doesn't work I get out of bed and take these pills. Then I'm able to get to sleep in the next fifteen to thirty minutes. Some nights I just take this along with my sleeping pills to give me a deeper sleep. When taking these natural sleep pills I find that I sleep through the night better. No waking up at odd hours of the night. I also notice I'm less anxious about sleeping when I take two pills. You are not supposed to take more than two. These do contain maltodextrin if that concerns you. The herbsplants in this formula include lemon balm and passionflower.~The Rebecca ReviewI received one free bottle for review purposes. This review is my honest opinion.
113. Acai is great if you want to reduce your appetite. If you eat for pleasure then it might not work as well. I found that in two months of taking this supplement I didn't lose a great deal of weight (as reported in some reviews) but I did see dramatic results in the clarity and radiance of my skin. This supplement contains powerful antioxidants which protect the cells from free radicals. So if you are interested in skin health then I can recommend this to you. For me it hasn't helped me lose weight in a dramatic way as advertised in many blogs.~The Rebecca Review
114. The Verilux HappyEyes Floor lamp is an especially versatile light with numerous applications. It will brighten your entire desk while typing and is perfect to use while reading on the couch, in your favorite chair or basically anywhere you choose. Even while working on projects like knitting, puzzles or crafts, this light is very helpful. I bought this for my husband for Christmas and keep stealing it while I'm reviewing.This makes a perfect gift for anyone who loves to read. My husband loves it because it makes maps look especially bright and clear. He says the colors stand out more and I love the way it brings out the text in books. If you don't want to move this from room to room (although it is not too heavy), buy two or one for each desk or one for the office and even the bedroom.I could use at least three of these around the house because I rarely stay in one room for very long. Some of the ways I've used this lamp is to see when reading, but you can also brighten a room by pointing the lamp at the ceiling. The super flexible arm allows the light to point in any direction. There are also two brightness levels so you can decide on the brightness you prefer. The advantages of this light include:Reduced EyestrainLess Glare - the light has a special glare reducing Parabolic grid that coversthe light bulbEnergy EfficientLong lasting 27 Watt bulb - Flicker free bright white light that simulates natural daylight.A free utility tray was included and can be attached and removed very easily. Perfect if you want to leave your reading glasses or a pen and paper by the lamp. I wasn't sure how this style of lamp would fit into my home, but it actually looks good in every room.~The Rebecca Review
115. Sweetening your tea with Stevia produces results so similar to sugar, you won't miss sugar in your tea. Before trying the tea bags, I always used to buy the little packets of stevia and still intend to use them in the future. My thought was that this would be an easy way to sweeten my tea along with the other tea bags I was already using and that would save time.Well, there are some interesting aspects to stevia tea that I had not considered. Firstly, when adding a stevia tea bag, the results are "super sweet" if you leave the tea bag in the cup or teapot for the entire time you are steeping the tea. The result is a bit overwhelming and seems to produce a very earthy tea.For the best results - if you enjoy a mildly sweet tea - is to add the tea bag at the end or when you are adding in milk or milk powder. By stirring in one of these stevia tea bags, you can sweeten the tea to taste.The Stevia in these tea bags is from Paraguay. If you want to use this as a regular tea, it is very sweet and you may want to add other ingredients like lemon juice or mint.~The Rebecca Review
116. More delicious than a lip gloss, warming and tingly, you may find interesting uses for this edible massage oil. You can use it as a massage oil although it is slightly more sticky and sweet. It warms slightly on the skin, but mostly when tasted. Surprise the one you love with a chocolate kiss by using this as a lip gloss. The oil looks like a cherry gloss vanilla syrup and comes in a corked glass bottle you'd imagine finding on the beach. When empty you can refill with regular massage oils. I can almost guarantee if you try this flavor, you will want to try the rest. I thought the flavor was rather sweet, minty and delicious.~The Rebecca Review
117. Husband wanted this for his wool socks. They are like new again.
118. I am surprised that this is still available.  Not a surprise that is comes from England.  Sometimes I want to clear my passages without the use of drying medications.  This temporarily clears nasal passages.
119. As a vaper, I find myself having to change my coils at the worst possible times, usually halfway through a full tank. For me, these blunt tipped syringes are a perfect way to drain out a tank of vape juice before removing the coil, without having to waste any juice. I can't speak of other uses for them, but they do what they're supposed to. They suck up liquid, and they shoot it back out, what more could you ask for.
120. Run smaller than ad photo but works.
121. Minnie Ears from Disney... what is there not to love!
122. I really like these. They work well. When I ordered them, they were priced at $39 and change. Now the prices have risen beyond $100 for the same product. I'm disappointed in that.  I probably won't purchase them again.  They do seem to work well in a house with two dogs and forced air heating, I have noticed a difference.
123. Makes my glasses cleaner than other products I've used. Small bottles make it easy to take in purse or keep in desk.
124. First time user. It took me a while a find out how to assemble them. After some adjustments I find a way to use it. And it does helps relieve my neck pain.
125. I’ve had infections (8) for more than 2 yrs. In worst case sinusitis. All but one left now in and it’s in my lungs. As I’ve been taking this, my symptoms are helped for certain and it’s immediate. I just put two dropper fulls in water & drink it. Three times a day. Try it, it works.
126. My sister has incredible peripheral neuropathy in her feet. They burn & then go numb. This was sent to her, I really don’t know if she’s using it.  In 71 years she’s never taken my advice on anything but she’s in so much pain she actually asked me for ideas. Fingers crossed.
127. These are VERY tasty!
128. Here’s the thing:These will NOT last you like a regular sponge. So I had to get over that fact.Here’s what they WILLLIAMSON do ~ they’ll get in the tight spots, clean the crappy chrome around your faucets better than anything in the market with less effor. They get into nooks and crannies. It’s their “thing!” Also good on mirrors . I keep them in the bathrooms and kitchen. Stainless steel rims, etc. look like new now.
129. This is my FAVOITE organic Barley Grass on the market. It’s fresher, it’s felt in a smoothie immediately, it’s easy to use and it’s detoxing. Add some dulse while you’re at it (dulse flakes are cheap), a banana, 2 cups organic blueberries , 3 oranges (or 3 cups organic orange juice). Oh, yum. Compliments of Medical Medium.
130. Product as described. I have straight super Fine long hair, it takes a while to detangle, even with this brush.. I wouldn't say it's a miracle but it's better than yanking through with a traditional brush
131. Nice sturdy cases to hold pills and supplements for traveling. The inside dividers snap shut securely and each section will hold several pills or capsules. . There are six of these sections. The outside lid latches down to further insure that nothing will  spill out. A nice small case for travel or the bedside table.
132. Black cumin seed oil is a supplement which has many health benefits. This particular one is of high quality, packaged in the US, and the company is owned by women. I have taken black seed oil in various forms for over a year. Taking the oil directly is difficult due to the taste, it is much easier to use in capsule form. I am happy to have this capsule  extract since it may be the purest form. I do believe that my health has improved since taking black seed oil, and am very pleased to have this product to review.
133. First off, the print is nice and pretty. The mask is lightweight and comfortable, even though it is 2 layers plus a filter pocket. It has the nose metal piece and not much fogging of glasses. The  mask is not clingy and is breathable, ear loops are adjustable. Good value and nice masks.
134. I know this is a cream but I really didn’t expect it to be so thick. Normally hyaluronic acid that I am used to is a light weight gel type cream. I might repurchase depending if I absolutely need it because it’s not something I would care to have. I use another hyaluronic acid cream right now. This is quite thick and the way that dermatologists recommend you apply a hyaluronic acid is on wet skin after cleanser, essence or toner whichever way your skincare routine goes. However, I felt as if I couldn’t apply anything more after this. I have a minimal skincare routine due to having sensitive skin and using Retin-A. This also has fragrance, it is a great value however. So for now my skincare in the morning goes:  cleanse,  hyaluronic acid and moisturizer. Typically I would have wanted to apply a vitamin C but cant on top of hyaluronic acid as it doesn’t sink in all the way.
135. These masks are comfortable, fit well, and have a nice neutral appearance, but dang they come out of the package with a potent plastic-like odor. They've been out of the package 2-3 hours now and are sitting on my desk as I write this and the smell is still making me wheeze. I just hope it does wash out!
136. This item was purchased as a gift for my insomniac Mother-In-Law.She absolutely loved the feature of stars on the ceiling.She said that it reminded her of camping as a young girl, out under the stars.The soothing tones and sparkling stars have put this Grandma to sleep !!!
137. Got to use my friends, and love it, sadly my order arrived empty box. Didn't realize how big this version is though so it was better lol
138. I thoguht allegra was working, but i am suffering allergies and its not working... added the nasacort as a last ditch... and its  not doing anything sigh
139. So our pup is still too chewy to be left alone in the house without being crated. well at night (especially when it is windy), she gets nervous, she is a scaredy cat! So we got this for her, to help drown out the noises that creep up on her. It has helped, and made it a nice calm and not whiny night! Works well, easy to use, good sound.**updates** we went about a month month a half, of nearly 7 hours of cricket sounds every night before we had to re charge for the first time. We did not utilize timer or light, just the noise, but that is pretty darn impressive.Pup is having some back slides in night barking and loneliness in her crate so We are now trying light, and a little louder music, so will see how long battery lasts this time
140. These masks are super cute and comfortable, the stretchy band could be just a hair larger, or even adjustable, but other then that, they are great! I love there is a pocket for the gel pack. i get migraines often so these are so helpful!
141. I used this for like an hour today alone on different spots. it isnt too rough, or too slow (well the slowest speed it a tad slow so i went with medium speed) my neck and upper back feel so nice right now! it is pretty light weight so you can carry it around in your car, and it comes with a car adapter too which is neat. The heat, really is not warm at all, i can tell it is there, but only if i walk away and come back with it on, it didnt do much though. But, i really like this and will definitely be using it a TON.**update** please be careful how you use it, do not really lean on it too hard, i actually got bruised twice using it. i still use it because it does feel good, just have to be careful how i use it lol
142. I cannot wait to gift this, it is cool!  I am not sure how well it smokes yet, but it looks and feels really well made!. My husband will be so excited to open it!
143. He likes the flavor, and loves to chew gum, so it was good for him lol
144. these work in a pinch, but honestly, not nearly enough of the water beads to keep them cool long enough! no idea about heat wise, i leave them in freezer for migraines. they do help a little, but my cheap $3 one i bought from target last year works so much better....
145. The awesome and perfect cloth mask. Here’s my longest review ever and why this is the awesome PPE for me.We have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. I must tell everyone these masks rock!Seriously, this mask is soft. Soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft t-shirt that feels so good I can’t wait for it to be washed.Made in the USA by Americans look up their website!I don’t know them but I know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..The mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.The mask is so comfortable. But, here are more reasons why I will wear this mask every time I can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so I can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. No longer having to put it In the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. Period. I don’t have to look for it when I get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because I simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if it’s loose. Double layer full coverage mask. From bridge of my nose to under my chin. Comfortable all day! I don’t use the carbon filters. If needed, I would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.I don’t think I have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. Just kidding; since my iPhone.These comes in two different sizes. I wear the XL. I have wide cheek bones and I’m chubby. My spouse wears the Large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.  They make them for kids to the big faces.Thank you Buttonsmith for your part in helping with Covid-19 by producing more comfortable PPE. It’s hard enough as it isMy only dislike is I wasted money on others before finding these.
146. The awesome and perfect cloth mask. Here’s my longest review ever and why this is the awesome PPE for me.We have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. I must tell everyone these masks rock!Seriously, this mask is soft. Soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft t-shirt that feels so good I can’t wait for it to be washed.Made in the USA by Americans look up their website!I don’t know them but I know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..The mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.The mask is so comfortable. But, here are more reasons why I will wear this mask every time I can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so I can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. No longer having to put it In the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. Period. I don’t have to look for it when I get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because I simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if it’s loose. Double layer full coverage mask. From bridge of my nose to under my chin. Comfortable all day! I don’t use the carbon filters. If needed, I would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.I don’t think I have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. Just kidding; since my iPhone.These comes in two different sizes. I wear the XL. I have wide cheek bones and I’m chubby. My spouse wears the Large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.Thank you Buttonsmith for your part in helping with Covid-19 by producing more comfortable PPE. It’s hard enough as it is.Lastly, mine were shipped out a bit faster than expected.I ordered more
147. I have tried the Biosmooth for many months and I have had no results. My condition is getting worst.
148. the insole cushions are great. i love that you get so many different kinds not just for your heels or ball of the feet you get different ones to try and bonus you are able to clean these and reuse them. i like that you can reuse them in other shoes this will save you money and make your shoes more comfortable.
149. great product thanks
150. Having sensitive teeth and gums can make good oral health a struggle.  Most of the time I just skip using toothpaste, defaulting to baking soda, but I so miss the fresh feeling that a good toothpaste leaves in my mouth.  Mouthwash is nice, but just not the same.I have tried many toothpaste brands that promise and fail to deliver a more comfortable brushing experience, so it was a certain of low expectation that accompanied my order of the Spotlight brand.I was delighted at the mild taste of this toothpaste.  No burning gums or tongue.  No sparks of pain in my teeth.  I am thrilled to have a toothpaste that properly cleans my teeth and so nicely protects my teeth and gums without discomfort.
151. I needed some 2.5 diopter glasses to use while reading and writingtaking notes and combining that with using my computer and laptop, and I want them to have a wider lens than my strictly for-reading glasses, and these four pairs of Aiklly glasses are entirely suitable.They are very comfortable to wear, and reside permanently along side my devices on my desk.  I love the shape and frame designs, which I chose to be different that the other glasses I have.  I received three pair of tortoiseshell frames and one black frame.  I keep the black frame pair in my laptop case.Outstandingly well made and comfortable glasses at an outstanding price.  All around win.
152. They are way smaller that pictured hand cramps while using them. Hard to keep a grip on it
153. Bought 2 sets, comes with some disposable files, the actual tools work well in the properly trained hands to use them. This set is not for those who do not know how to use those tools properly and SAFELY.  In short, unless you absolutely know how to use these tools, they can really tear some stuff up. Implements and tools work great, but could be damaging in unskilled hands.
154. Don’t let the subtitles put you off - my dad hates them, but started watching with me and we were both in tears laughing
155. Truly speaking; this is my favorite scent of all.  Thank you Glade, this scent is amazingly refreshing in my flat.  Highly recommend 👌 😊
156. Nice product to have to accommodate bedside commode.
157. Works great.  Suggestion by skin care specialist.  Cleans great and leaves skin feeling like I've scrubbed all impurities out of skin.
158. My grandmother used to buy these and they really work and don’t smell like the thing you’re trying to cover up and food like most other sprays do.  I don’t want to smell something yummy and bathroom smells mixed together it’s disturbing. That’s why I like this stuff it does a good job of masking the smell and not being gross. I have yet to get tired of it either.  Not sickly sweet or too floral. It is a strong smell but not overpowering.  Very well balanced.
159. This shaker bottle is perfect for my pre and BCAAs. I used to refill my shaker bottle in the gym and never felt good about using that chlorinated water.  Also, very happy with the quality.
160. Perfect size. Great to travel with. Works well
161. Don't have to take 3 naps before bed.
162. Worked exceptionally well for my family. We noticed our gut flora improve quickly.  Helps with exzema flares.
163. Love this eyelash curler ! It’s so easy to use !
164. I can not describe the immense pain I am in after using this contraption, it seems to have all great reviews but I am here to tell you I can barely sit much less stand after using this.
165. I dont think it works
166. thumbs up
167. Nice on nose
168. Is it strange that I like my weight information being sent to the internet?  Probably.I have had this scale for abotu a year and it has been great.  The battery has lasted beyond the manufacturer 6 months and still going strong.Your weight data goes to your fitbit account, so it is great if you are using the fitbit.  Having a running log of your weight is a great tool for gaining insight into your habits and their effects on you.  When you add in the food tracking, step counts, and sleep data, the resulting trends you can find is definitely interesting and can be used to drive effective change.Example, when I don't sleep well for an extended period (usually because I stay up late and need to be up earlier than normal), I see my weight rise that week.  I mean, we all know that there are certain trends that tend to occur, but it is different when you have the evidence and can actually see how your habits impact your body!
169. Only cotton swabs I can use due to cauliflower ear, and they work very well
170. When my baby is congested I rub this on her feet and the next morning she is all better!
171. Cannot tell any difference in the odor or in the smell I would have to say to me a waste of money honest opinion
172. Great purchase
173. Great product used in our rv. The granule very messing when putting in commode.
174. I had high hopes for the spray hoping it would take care of the problem in the window wells with baby ants. There is a lot of greenery outside my back windows and I was hoping that this would eradicate the issue…It did not do the job that I had hoped it would do and I had a spray 3-4 times a day to get fair results…Animal fairness I cannot recommend purchasing this because it really does not do the job he claims he can do.
175. Because everyone is hoarding everything and apparently decided Vicks will cure Covid-19 (it wont) my poor little immunocompromised kiddo was suffering with a chest cold.I searched Amazon and got the idea to type in "chest rub" and this little gem came up. And while it doesn't smell like traditional vicks (it smells amazing actually) she LOVES IT!!It leaves her skin soft. I rubbit on her heart surgery scar and it is softer now. We also put it on her back and feet. Ive barely made a dent in the jar. When it wears off she brings it to me knowing it will make her feel better.We will 100% be buying again.
176. This brand was used on the feather.The entire feather swelled up and I lost layers of skin.As you can see the black (which is another brand) had no issues.Stay far away from this brand. Unless expensive scars are a good time to you
177. Had this for almost a month and is holding up great, its stays put, and has little ridges that help you not slip. Would be great for someone who is elderly for that reason, and it looks very spa-like as well!
178. works well, nice good deal
179. These capsules are not as large as some of the other brands.  These work great for me because they fit in my pillbox with my other pills.
180. The aroma is really great.  Have tried the spring time one and this is much better.
181. These worked great and are super comfortable.
182. I have Endometriosis and have terrible cramps and vaginal pain during my cycle. A friend in my support group recommended to give these a try so I bought them. They are wonderful! They don’t fully make cramps go away but they do ease them especially the vaginal pain. They smell very nice but are lightly dented. I’m very sensitive and they have not given me any issues. The cooling feeling was a bit more than I expected when I first used them but it is very refreshing and great for pain. I also have a few of their cleansing products and I love everything I have tried from honey pot!
183. Nice small and powerful
184. These stated shirt boxes.  There is no way a regular mens shirt will fit in this small box.Truly misleading.
185. Disappointed did not stay on
186. Incorrect heading info. I could not find a place to click to tell Amazon. These are totally for the polar opposite condition! and are for a HIGH arch foot and not flat footno arch. Which is awful info.from Aetrex own website for this model insert "Men's Casual Comfort MedHigh Arch OrthoticSKU : L600M" and the L2420M is for flat feet which my mom got for my son.
187. WASH many times to get black coloring OUT. Al.so socks waay too small.
188. An ounce of protection will save thousands of dollars in DUIs.and possibly lives I am not a drinker, but I do occasionally imbibe on special occasions. I like that this Oasser Breathalyzer Breath Tester comes with a window punch, so it's good to keep in your car. Just in case.
189. I often find myself using my less accurate no-touch forehead thermometer to avoid dealing with the sterilization process following the use of an oral thermometer These digital thermometer sleeves work great and about the only issue I have encountered was removing it from its protective packaging without dealing with extra pieces of plastic.
190. This is one of the more sleek and attractive BP monitors for home use and the readings aren't too far off from my expensive Omron BP monitor. Usually the failure is in the cuff and even though I didn't readjust it during four readings it occasionally overinflated, which will give you a drastically higher measurement. It talks, which it nice, but it is a bit too chatty.
191. This Hibiclens Hand Pump took a ridiculously long time to arrive and the straw does not reach the bottom of the bottle. While I was waiting for this to arrive I purchased two clear  pump dispenser bottles which arrived the following day. They take up less space than a 32oz bottle, cost less, and are a more attractive option. Save your money!
192. This portable bidet is perfect for staying fresh in between showers. I keep one in each bathroom for those times when personal cleansing is needed, but showering is inconvenient. As much as I would love to have a bidet installed in my home, it's just not possible, and this is the next best thing. They come with a carry pouch, but the containers are  somewhat large for a purse, and i couldn't imagine traveling with them, but they are ideal for the home.
193. The Exrebon Ankle Compression Sleeve offers adequate compression around my ankles, but they are just not long enough to be comfortable or useful  I am 5'3' with a size 7 women's foot and ordered a size medium. The ankle height is ideal, but the coverage on my foot barely reaches the halfway point of my arch.
194. I was hoping this would be a handy multifunction trimmer and chose it because of the large assortment of attachments. The trimmer works well with the preinstalled attachment and the blade is sharp enough for a relatively close shave without bloodshed. However, trying to remove it is impossible.  According to the instructions you need to grasp the unprotected blade head with your finger to release it and then pull it out by the sides.  Whilst I was trying to position my hand so as not to engage the large power button that is literally the entire upper half of the shaver's body, I felt the blade bending on my third attempt and gave up. Also included in these kits was an empty USB power block casing. In addition to some major design flaws. where is the quality control?
195. I prefer the Nasopure System Kit for sinus irrigation because I can control the flow and the nozzle tip forms a better seal with my nostril than traditional ceramic Neti Pots. The buffered salt solution is less likely to cause any irritation and it's pre-measured. Easy peasy, just mix and apply a light squeazy.The Neti pot has been around for hundreds of years, and when used properly it is the safest and most effective remedy to clear my stuffy sinuses and help relieve postnasal drip. I cannot use the over the counter sinus meds because some make me drowsy and others give me palpitations.PLEASE READ:1. The most important RULE to remember, and this is not optional, is to NEVER USE TAP WATER UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. IF you MUST use tap water let it boil for just over a minute or san and allow it to cool to room temperature before using.  Distilled sterile water is recommended and you can buy it in the grocery store.2. If you are unfamiliar with the proper technique for using a Neti Pot there are many instructional videos on YouTube. This should be a safe and relatively comfortable experience.3. Clean the NetiPot after every use. and let air dry.Please follow ollow the instructions and read recommendations on the FDA's website to ensure safe use and you're good to go.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
196. The pharmacy recently changed my mom's prescription from an easy to break caplet to a rock hard tablet, and we have tested no less than five pill splitters to cut her meds into a precise dosage. I kid you not, this is the very first time I have successfully split an aspirin sized pill into an exact half. I think the problem with many pill cutters is the plastic blade guard. This one does not have one, so the cut is clean. No more crumbs and two-third cuts. I highly recommend it.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
197. There is a molded plastic button on top which would indicate it may be in on switch, but this does not have a motor and does not vibrate. The bristles are short and ineffective on thick hair. It includes a cut comb, but does not work as advertised.**  If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
198. I am truly impressed with the Sui Song, Sacroiliac Support Belt because it is is one of the most versatile and adjustable support braces I have tried. Over the years, I have had many sports injuries and the issues that occur naturally with age. This belt can be used for comforting support of any number of areas from the lower back, sciatic nerve to hip injuries, including the sacroiliac, which is a very difficult area to support.  The velcro is covered with a protective fleece strip, so be sure to remove it, or you will think it's the worst Velcro ever. LOL. Yes, it took me a minute to discover that because most manufacturers don't bother to protect the Velcro. The overall quality is excellent, and this belt can be adjusted to find the sweet spot of soothing relief. With all of my injuries, I would consider myself the queen of pain, and this is one of the best support belts I have found so far, There is nothing else like it, and I highly recommend it for those difficult to treat areas. Now, if I could only find something this good for my shoulder, I would be in heaven!** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
199. This two-pack glove set is well made, comfortable and durable. The blue pair has a thin flocked lining that feels soft against my skin and the unlined gloves are very durable. I feared they may be too short to reach the bottom of a 5-gallon bucket, but they are plenty long and end about 3" below my elbow. The size medium was a perfect fit and even though they are thicker gloves they are still flexible and tactile. I recommend these!
200.  I love journaling and I am a stickler for paper feel. I was hoping the pages of this nicely bound hardcover journal would have a smoother and softer feel, but it is more like sketchbook or book paper with a rough and scratchy feel. It's just okay, but not my favorite.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
201. The one positive feature of this Lens Cleaning Product is that the wipe does clean..  The smell is unsatisfactory, very strong ammonia.  The package that holds the individual wipe is difficult to open.  I can't recommend.
202. One was broken but the other one was great
203. Did nothing for me
204. Beautifully packed, great for gifting, high quality soft brush. One for you, one for a friend?.. Very nice.
205. This will scrub shine off of gold!!Great gets into corners too..
206. These work great!
207. I use it daily. I have used it for over 10 years now
208. Price gouge much?
209. I don't tolerate all peppermint well.  I have both acid reflux and a hiatal hernia, so somethings help, some make it worse.I tried these and they have a "soft" taste, you get the peppermint, but it doesn't irritate going down.Recommended for those who want a SMOOOOOTH peppermint to just ease a tummy issue, like upset, nausea.Will keep these as a staple in my medicine chest and kitchen cupboard!  OH and I LIKE the tin :-)
210. This is great. I am going to physical therapy right now for knee pain. The physical therapist uses one of these on my thighs and calves. Now I can do it from home (or have my husband help). I like the grips on this. They are very comfortable. The rollers are very smooth and don't balk. It's a perfect size for me to use on myself or for someone else to use on me. Disclaimer: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
211. These things can clean almost anything.
212. Gift for grandma! She loved it!
213. Great Glasses and Price !
214. Works well in dishwasher and leaves dishes and glassware clean and sparkly. Have used this product for years.
215. The upside is that this is a very well made little lamp.it's easy to start and produces a hot and steady flame.If you need a light duty flame hot enough to heat a test tube or sterilize inoculation needle it's just fine.If you need a bigger flame as standard wick based lamp is better.I use everclear as fuel as I needed non toxic vapors.Over all a well made product.
216. This scale is a liar.
217. Works great. Easy plug in.
218. The scale is a little piece of art, just beautiful. It's lightweight. Unfortunately, the batteries that come with it were DOA. I've written to the company for another battery package.The scale sets up very easily. The LED screen takes some getting used to, though. When you weigh yourself, you can't read your weight  until you step off the screen since the scale needs to calculate it. The numbers are a little fuzzy but readable. My old one weighed me about 19 oz. lighter. It remains to be seen how consistent this one is.It gets dirty easily, so I put a square of Stretch-Tite across it to keep it in good shape. You might want to do this. It lost a star due to the batteries, and another one due to the fuzzy screen.  I'll keep it due to its accuracy.
219. Arrived fast. Tried once and it worked well. Easy to clean and each part is good. Still, I give it only three star, 2.5, I wish, since the product obviously looks like a used one. The print on the button is scratched and blurred. How do I add my picture to the review? I just hope the shaving head has not been used on other people. Is it Amazon or the seller’s problem?——————————Update,After 6 months of use, at the frequency of twice per week, one shaving petal fell off while I was cleaning it carefully. Poor quality; had to buy another one of a different brand.
220. I can never find this sugar free Twizzlers anywhere in my local stores. They are perfect for diabetics are people trying to watch their sugar intake. These Twizzlers almost taste like the real ones and have Zero sugar. ( Does have 14g sugar alcohols). They are still a bit carby at 20g per 4 pieces. But still better than eating the regular ones. Glad to have them available ( sometimes ) on amazon.
221. Great way to be safe while still enjoying a night out.This Breath Alcohol Tester is a highly portable Breathalyzer that you can take easily take it wherever you want. Keep one in your purse or jacket and you can test yourself or others before driving. Or, keep one in your car glovebox !The tester features an awesome LCD display where you can read the values of the test result quickly and accurately. Very useful this time of year. Gives you the peace of mind about whether or not you should be driving. Uses standard AAA batteries.ProsLight and easy to carry aroundHas accurate resultsGood for self-checking and analysisHighly sensitive and pretty good qualityCons:I have none at this time, but I am sure there are more expensive or better ones out there with more bells & whistles.
222. This convenient pill case  keychain keeps my medications safe & secure.I take pills daily and put them in my pocket & sometimes forget to take them out,  or they get dirty. Now I have this wonderful gadget that not only protects my medication by being waterproof & dust-proof, but reminds me to take them by being visible on my keychain at all times.  The compartment is easily accessed by simply unscrewing the cap at the top of the tube. Comes also with some  handy freebies as well. Will buy again.
223. These provide some support for my bad knee but ultimately they don't have any side support to stabilize my knee. These are probably better for light walking and some gentle exercise. Though they have compression support, it doesn't prevent side twisting motion which is how I can hurt my knee. I don't really think there is anything special to copper infused compression sleeves. It kind of reminds me of the magnetic bracelets they sell that boast claims but have no real science behind it.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
224. Helpful supplement that I will be adding to my daily regimen. As with all supplements, check with your doctor first. For me, with continued use I see improvements and will continue to take it. It arrived with a quality control seal, and inner protective seal. They seem to help me, I hope they will help you as well.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
225. Pure Science Supplements Licorice supplement is among the best licorice supplements on the market. Licorice supplements are used for a large variety of reasons from muscle relaxing to immune system support to even increasing fertility and sexual stamina.I like pure science licorice supplement because it is a nice strong smelling licorice so I assume that it is packed full of good licorice. The supplements in my hand that it is a nice easy to manage and swallow sized capsule. Did I mention how nice they smell? I would definitely recommend Pure science supplements licorice supplement to anyone who is looking for a licorice supplement. I have stopped using omeprazole due to the recently discovered side effects and I'll be going with these supplements from now on.I would recommend them.I received this product for at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
226. I tried using these in some new work boots. While the back is fairly tacky, they just don't feel very good and don't do a good job at keeping my foot in place. After only a few hours of use, they became loose and started to roll onto itself. Once it does that, they are very difficult to get it to unstick from itself without tearing the pad. I would have returned them but frankly it just wasn't worth the effort.
227. Better then 3.00 dollars a box
228. Purchased for my wife. It is kind of a pain to fill and lug around but once she uses it her feet feel 100% better. Heat and massage are perfect and work exactly as advertised. Draining the unit is pretty simple with the attached drain hose.
229. Read all the reviews and even with the negative comments decided to try it. My wife put it in the tub, tried to get it to stay down using the suction cups. Every time you turn on the jets it pops up and wraps around your legs. Very uncomfortable and impractical. Will be returning it tomorrow. PS we have a smooth finish tub and it will not stay down in it.
230. These are fantastic! I take 9 pills a day—three different times of the day. I also have neuropathy in my hands due to past chem infusions. It was difficult to open that many pill bottles throughout the day. These are super easy to open and easy to fill.  I also recently took them on a cruise with me, and they were wonderful and traveled well. I highly recommend these!
231. Please don’t waste your money on this it doesn’t work
232. They are vary good to use
233. I prefer another brand but they stopped making this one is good nothing bad about it.  Nice replacement.
234. I read tons of descriptions and reviews before I decided to give this product a try. It’s been a while since I’ve had a pedicure. My feet are in love! The foot file did a pretty good job of removing rough skin without harm. Works much faster than a pumas stone. I did my husband's feet and he likes a result too.
235. Mr. Clean Magic Eraser is my go to product when the mess is tough. I wouldn't even think about cleaning my bath tub with out a magic eraser, it cuts right through soap scum!
236. Bought to clean the bottoms of my pool. Works great!
237. Bought these for blessings bags. They were perfect.
238. This is much bigger than I thought it would be.  It has held up pretty well.
239. Bought this as a gift for my daughter. The low star rating is due to the fact the black sponges ...one 1 came with the set and two are shown in the pictures. Not sure how long only one will last and then the main sponge will not be useful anymore.
240. Unfortunately these aren't thick enough for my arches so they don't touch the floor or shoe sole when I wear them thus offering no support. I noticed zero difference too with the plantar fasciitis. They also rubbed terribly on the tops of my feet with or without socks & by the end of my shift I could not wait to take them off. I also noticed my "bad knee" was worse that day too. Could be unrelated but thought it was worth mentioning. I would definitely not reorder & I'd only recommend if your arches aren't that high
241. Don't Look or Fit Good at All and I checked the measurements against my Foster Grant Reading Glasses. These are very poor quality and are extremely uncomfortable.
242. Not 2.50 Power Reading Glasses, don't know what they are because someone has taken the size off the arm, should be printed like the first pair I bought but isn't. No wonder the shipment was late.  I purchased these before and love them, but this time they are defective, scratched, late, and wrong power. Seller's quality control is very very bad.
243. Great product, only issue is getting it on the walker so it's stable and also I suggest having a two sided rubber trivit (like a jar opener) to reduce anything sliding on the tray when you walk.
244. Doesn't work as well as it used to.
245. Melted in autoclave
246. DMSO is a carrier product, to be applied on clean skin away from cut sores and only to be used externally.Apply a little with sterile cotton, let dry and apply I.e. Icy hot or pain medicine, may give a licorice taste in mouth.This should only used for severe pain, check with your health care provider.
247. I really like this. I'll buy it again when the time comes.
248. Problem with this belt is, you warm up the packet and it can get lava hot. BUT, you cannot feel it through the too thick super synthetic material of the pouch. So once the super hot gel pack is inserted into the pouch, you barely feel it.:- I was looking for one with cotton pouch and clay beads, but they were too $$,& had bad ratings. This would be great if the pouch was different to transfer the heat from the gel pouch. Plus, after a few times in the microwave, the gel seems to be burning through the lining of the gel pack. So it might not have great longevity, as well.
249. But it's actually a good mixture of soft, but not linty, and no chemicals to irritate my bum. The price from some vendors varies greatly so watch out for that.
250. Is it just me? Or has the company started using less LOTION in their product.  It’s just the same as using regular puffs of Kleenex.
251. I have small ears and this type of earphone is the only type that stays in and is comfortable. I lost my $60 pair, so I tried these as a replacement. I am very happy with my purchase. They are easy to pair and easy to use.
252. These are comfortable to sleep in, and I like the ones that are connected, so I don't lose them.
253. A well positioned pillow works better. This doesn’t really make sense with my anatomy because my neck is attached to my shoulders.
254. Best so far to get stains out of clothing.
255. Best stain remover ever.  When my dog lifted his leg on the floor, it also hit the drapes.  I sprayed with Dreft and it didn't leave a stain. This also happened on my bedspread.  I use it on all stains including coffetea that gets splashed on the furniture.  PS.  Got rid of the dog.
256. Removes stains better than Oxyclean.
257. My dad loved it ) I bought this for him
258. Soft.. yes.  A bit of a scam or just visually deceiving.  This is toilet paper not on a roll just rolled up. I could not believe that I spent my hard earned money 10.99 on 6 tiny baby rolls that it's more like a luxury gag gift.  First if I put this in my bathroom it would look like I have extra money to spend which I don't. Not sure of what the seller is doing especially during this pandemic other than trying to get the most money from other humans. Very very dissatisfied.
259. These are the best. Removed mildew from golf cart seat! Scratch off basement wall. You name it!
260. My husband has a goatee and mustache, so regular masks don't work well for him. They tend to creep down as he talks, uncovering his nose, which is problematic. I decided to order this mask for him and it seems to work. It's larger and the long attached string keeps lets it hang around his neck when he pulls the mask itself down. He likes it a lot. Thanks!
261. I will use this coffee mix and mix it with a mug of coffee for the benefits. If I need to add creamer, I will do that too. With me mixing it with my coffee, this should also cut down the taste of the instant.
262. This is a liquid. You use this to strengthen your bones and it can also be used to improve your nails, hair, skin and joints. If you only want to strengthen the bones, use 6 drops in a liquid once daily. To improve everything else, you would use 6 drops twice daily.
263. I will be putting this in one of my diffusers tomorrow. It smells good. I have a nice collection of oils and this makes a great addition.
264. This set has all the basic scents to get you started. You can use the different scents and blend them to make your own scent to have in your home. Many people use these in the humidity type diffuser and others use the diffuser that does not use water. I don't use water and I get some times scents in my home.
265. I was expecting a three pack from the picture....note to self: always read what is included, especially since this indicated 90 capsules and that is what I got. I got to this review too late in the day to try it. But tomorrow morning...watch out. I am back and it is the next day. I took the diet capsule and now waiting to see if it curbs my appetite.
266. and the nanoglass files are great. I also use the nanoglass foot rasps too. They just work better than other products and last much longer. You can wash them off as needed and they can work with or without some water on them. I especially like that I don't have to clip my nails. I can shape them up and clean up any rips or tears, unless it is the entire part of the nail that doesn't sit on your finger
267. This is an all natural product and it is recommended to purchase the gum massager too. I didn't get that. I will use a soft toothbrush to apply to my gums and that way, the gums will be healthier and that is always a good thing for a person.
268. This will help restore your ph and will help get your gut and urinary probiotics and prebiotics in check. This will help keep your vaginal health balanced and help to  prevent bacterial vaginosis. This, in turn, will help reduce yeast by balancing vaginal pH and support overall intimate health by using this probiotic for 7-14 days. In women, the urinary tract is not really in a good place and we tend to get more infections than men. But this will help keep them at bay.
269. I am wearing masks everywhere I go. I have been searching for the holy grail of masks. I have used the pieces inside the mask that are supposed to make it more comfortable and cooler (doesn't work).  I have tried the K95 masks (even one that gives you a daffy duck look) and other K95 that are more comfortable. I have used home made, cloth masks and none keep me from fogging up my glasses or allow me some coolness when I talk. I think I am claustrophobic.
270. Tonight, I will be using it again before I go to bed. The very first time I used it, I could hear my neck crack-a-lackin. I have such bad neck issues that I get bad headaches and dizziness. I am hoping this solves both issues. Otherwise, I will need to go to the doctor on the dizziness issue.
271. This supplement has the usual suspects for hair growth. Biotin is the big one of course. The other vitamins are just good vitamins to take and the minerals are general good minerals for health.
272. This is a UV-C for heating and air conditioning. It is installed in the area where the ductwork goes before it gets into your home. I have been using the smaller UV portable units but I have to be careful to not run it with the animals around or humans. This will prevent me having to do the getting everyone out of the house for a while and running the other ones.
273. and it really needed a squeeze bottle so that you can cleanse your bits and pieces off. This works wonderfully. When I am all done, I can dry everything or let everything air dry for the next use. If you have hemorrhoids, this will help you alot.
274. I have been taking apple cider vinegar with mother gummies for years. This brand has more than just apple cider vinegar. It also comes with B vitamins and other ingredients.
275. In the description, you get "Easy to USE: It has two fixing clips on both sides, and you can hang the 3D bracket on the face cover to prevent sliding. Then put on the face cover as usual." No, you can't. Further down you will see that they recommend either sewing it in place or using double sided tape. I was able to wear mine without any complications.
276. If your mask hurts your ears, or is too tight, this is for you. It is an earsaver package of silicone extenders and ear savers. I like that they are adjustable. For those of us with really long hair, it is nice to put the strap along the back of our neck.
277. I have started using this and will continue using it until I can see a difference in my loose skin and wrinkles. The technology is supposed to help both issues. Can't guarantee it does either. One way or the other, it does a good job applying your facial products, including masks.
278. I had given her mom one previously but she said she had never seen it because mommy keeps everything for herself. That is a 12 year old's opinion. So, I got her this one and if she can't get those blackheads our of her face with the machine, then she use the tools that are included.
279. I got the Mojito flavor because of the healthy teeth and gums. The taste was okay but left an aftertaste. That went away quickly. My mouth feels clean and fresh. I am thinking of getting the other flavor too that is for the freshest mouth.
280. You will do good to use spirulina. It is nutrient dense food and is good for you. It may also help with allergies. It helps remove metals. It also is very high in chlorophyll. Good stuff.
281. except in price, They taste alike, they look alike and they have about the same nutrient information and ingredients. So why pay more for what you need. This is normally given to people who need the nutrition from the shake. For me, the carbohydrates are too high. But for others, it is what keeps them going,
282. The man can't eat without spilling his food on his shirt. At home, in restaurants, you name it. And, I have been known to have a few stains too. I am going to spray this on our nicer clothing that I would like to keep stain free. I like that it repels liquids too
283. Not to mention myself. I have spilled mugs of coffee on my couch. The dogs have dribbled all over and Lord only knows what my husband has done. I sprayed the sofa with this to prevent stains. I haven't seen a stain yet.
284. The biggest thing, is that BHB salts are produced in the body when free fatty acids are broken down in the liver.It helps to produce energy in the absence of glucose. It also increases ketone production. This helps increase fat loss while improving lean muscle. BHB salts have a beneficial high absorption rate and act as a diuretic. Make sure you keep hydrated. And don't count on this to get you back in ketosis when you have not been on your diet properly. That can cause you to not lose weight. You get used to the flavor.
285. This is a rechargeable face sprayer that is easily used. You put your water in. Then you charge via the USB charging cord. Charging two hours will give you approximately 1000 PPB that will do wonders for your skin.
286. This is an okay straightener and curler. I personally did not find it better than the one I have been using. I think my granddaughter took it home with her and she has been using it just fine. She has a thick head of hair but the strands are fine like mine, so it is easy to work with our hair
287. I like the taste of this one. I like the clove and mint taste. And it really cleans your teeth well.
288. They aren't terrible. With such a small amount, I can gulp it down quickly. I actually had to go to look up what predigested hydrolyzed protein was. It is protein that has been reduced to the amino level. At that level, it is considered predigested and more easily absorbed.
289. At birthdays and Christmas, you always can use a box to put a gift in and the easier it works, the better. These are fine for that purpose. The folding instructions are on the sale page so you can easily find how to fold. The boxes are nice.
290. At birthdays and Christmas, you always can use a box to put a gift in and the easier it works, the better. These are fine for that purpose. The folding instructions are on the sale page so you can easily find how to fold. The boxes are nice.
291. When the puppy has an oops, I usually use a product with enzymes in it to break down the odors and any oops that needs to be removed. This I have been putting on the patio, where both go to potty to remove that odor, too. I have been using this all over the place. It takes a while to dry,  but it works.
292. I use superfood supplements all the time. Frankly, I think that is the only reason that I have yet to have the flu or any major illness in years. I take these, which are good for the gut.
293. I find that this helps with digestion, gas and many other gastric issues that you might have, including diarrhea and constipation.
294. I use a lot of stain removers. I have a puppy, an older dog and older husband and myself. We are all stain collectors. For me, just fixing a mug of coffee will result in coffee on my clothing. A nice amount. And if we go out to eat, I will surely get something that falls on me from the transportation with a spoon or fork. My husband always spills his food. The dogs leave stains all over the furniture and the floor - especially the puppy. He is about all done with going in the house, but I don't trust him to always go in the back to go potty. So, we have stain removers and use them darn near every wash.
295. This system can whiten your teeth. It does it gradually. Follow all the directions and use only as instructed. Do not use more than recommended. Keep in mind that if you don't follow the directions, you could cause sensitivity in your teeth, gum irritation, sore throat and uneven whitening.
296. I have issues with my feet. A chiropractor showed me how to relieve the pain by using a golf ball and rolling it around with the area of my foot that happens. These inserts help prevent that from happening and I can do without the golf ball.
297. when I make a mug of coffee, if I don't use powdered MCT oil, then I use this handy dandy convenient single serve MCT oil. I still get my kick for my coffee. It is an oil, and it doesn't emulsify that easily, but I just stir and drink and ignore any oil sitting on the top of my coffee.
298. Drink a bottle of this for recovery. It will hydrate your body and also restore minerals that you have lost from exercising. Your body will thank you for the coconut water based recovery drink. It has the BCAA's to help with glucose uptake in your muscles. It has taurine to up your workout game. Collagen peptides are in to help rebuild muscle. And then you have the other vitamins, minerals and salts to rehydrate your body and get you going again.
299. This is a huge urinal for women. Nothing discreet about this thing. I am not going to take it with me at all - I would rather go in the great outdoors instead.
300. Lots of room for morning and evening medications. Easy to open and stays closed. The cover is good for hiding your pills when you are on vacation. The cover is pretty but I expect it to eventually peel due to being PU leather
301. Make sure you don't poke your eye out though. It is nice to have a curl to your lashes and this will do the job, just be careful. Follow all directions carefully and you will pleased with the outcome.
302. When you have eye fatigue, headaches, sinus pressure that makes your eyes hurt, this little compress that puts steam and heat on your eyes can help. There are times that my sinuses get so bad, I have sharp pain right behind my eyeball. This seems to help
303. My daughter came over, saw it and told me to put this away, she has a feeling we will need it. Two vibes for the same item. So, even though I don't need it right now, I am keeping it until either me or someone in my family needs this. It is better to have this and not need it than to need it and not have it.
304. But it isn't waterproof, so your medication could melt away if you get caught in rain. It will work and most of us aren't caught in the rain all day everyday, so they can work. You could also put little mouth fresheners or gum in them too. When open, you also have a mirror bright interior lid to look in for fast fix ups.
305. After cleansing, spray some of this in the palm of your hand and spread on your face, neck and décolletage. After it has dried, you are ready to put on your moisturizing creams, lotions and serums. This is a good product and you will like it.
306. You will love this sonic cleaner. It is waterproof and it is soft. It does a great job cleaning. Oh, the purple version is a special edition which is no longer available and you can get it now in black or pink only.
307. The girl loves bath bombs and is usually the only one who gets them. This set, I had her mom take with her and they get to share them. They love them. It is so nice to give a gift that someone absolutely loves.
308. I would love to be able to say that this helped me with stress. But I can't. I couldn't tell a difference. I even tried some on my dog to see if it would make a difference. No, it did not. But it didn't harm either of us. Maybe this isn't strong enough for me. Or maybe I couldn't tell a difference because of my meds.
309. Or ear muffs. I find them both impossible to use at night, especially with my cpap. This is an item that I will be donating to charity. I am sure they will find someone who needs the warmth of the ear muffs and likes the sleep mask. Just not for me.
310. If you buy empty capsules, you can make your own capsules to swallow and save yourself the bitterness of this powder. I do not plan on purchasing capsules, so I will mix with my Manuka honey and water and drink it down. This is supposed to be great and I am going to believe in that as I drink each glass.
311. If you ever have suffered from constipation, then you already know that there are a lot of products available to make your bowels work easier the next morning. This is the stuff that is in many of them. If you need fiber, you psyllium husk, if you need to ease constipation, you use senna.
312. I get anxiety and lavender essential oil helps with calming. I also have the dogs smell me so that they can be relaxed during times when it is crazy around here. Like on the holidays when the neighbors light up fireworks for  a couple of weeks every single night.
313. If you are going out and sweating or working. You add the liquid to your water and this will help replenish electrolyte drops. If you have issues with leg cramps, this can help with that too.
314. anyone who feels like they need a nap after eating. This will stop the blood spikes and replace the chromium and amino acids that your body has lost during the day. You will have a more balanced blood sugar level if you drink one of these with each meal. Of course, I am still drinking my coffee, haven't had any meals and it is going on 4pm. I will definitely need one of these in a couple of hours when I eat.
315. It wasn't a pleasant experience for him or me. He had been doing Keto with me and didn't eat anything other than meat. Of course he got gout. Because I eat a lot of protein rich foods, I like to have this to break down the uric acid. I haven't had gout and don't intend to get it. So I keep well hydrated and use supplements like this. The minerals are great for you and you will feel better.
316. I need the natural skin healing for my eczema spots that will itch and be noticeable if I didn't have clothes over them, but then you have to itch through your clothing. I can use this on my face for the scales and also on my body. Double duty! Smells good too.
317. I started drinking my coffee with this mix in it to give me the bullet coffee effect. This will give you more energy and curb your appetite. You will need a blender to get this blended well. A spoon will not cut it.
318. It doesn't do diddly squat. The rasp is great - it has a coarse grind and a fine grind and it will do the job instead. The nail brush is like any other. It cleans your nails easily.
319. perfect portions for brushing teeth, rinsing with mouth wash and a handy spray container for freshening up your breath as needed.
320. These work great. The are long enough to wash dishes and do other household cleaning. You get 2 pair in different  colors so you won't get the ones for the bathroom mixed up with kitchen gloves. They keep your hands clean and do a wonderful job.
321. I don't have an iPhone X yet, but when I do get one, this is going on it. The rainbow colors are nice as are the the stars with holographic look and the glitter case. This makes a pretty interesting phone case. I like it.
322. I have seen others use these and they seem quite happy with them. So I needed one because I am so uncomfortable on planes. I am looking forward to using this. When you take a plane for over just a few hours, you really would like to sleep. This should help me. Especially since it also has an eye mask and noise plugs.
323. Started with the spinach and kale chips, the lipo3 spray and the supergreens with beneful. I usually don't eat anything when I am fasting, but I have been having difficulty getting back on track and this should help. After this is out, my South Beach supplies should be here and I can continue eating healthy and lose the weight I wish to lose. By the way, the supergreens are just how I like them. No yucky flavorings to hide the natural grass and chlorella taste.
324. But I don't get a lot of support from it. For your knee, you need more support than what this brace offers. The side supports are not metal, they are a plastic and bend easily enough. I don't fight the fit to be very good and am disappointed in this knee brace.
325. Start taking these before it gets to the point where you have to be put on antibiotics to cure the infection. Go with natural products when you can. Cranberries are great for getting the urine going and the milk thistle is good for your liver.
326. This blend is vitamins, minerals and other supplements, like chondroitin and more. This is aimed to provide you with flexibility, a good vitaminmineral supplement and herbal supplements.
327. You will find that as you get older, your eyesight needs help to maintain your vision. I have degenerative retinal disease and I take Vision Support to keep my eyes from getting worse. I have taken other brand names of the same formulation and so far, my disease has not gotten worse in the five or six years since being diagnosed. If you are diabetic, this is imperative to keep from getting diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma and cataracts.
328. This product has a lot of B vitamins and caffeine that will surely keep you awake. If you have one of those days where you really need to be awake at night, this most definitely will be beneficial. And after taking, if you feel a heated flush on your face, that is from the niacinamide and is a normal side effect and goes away in minutes.
329. I don't like putting this on my showerhose. It adds extra weight, and that would seem to be detrimental to the shower hose. I like the ones that are built inside the shower head. To me, this is less strain on the hose. But, I like the job they do in the shower.
330. Maca Powder is a superfood from Peru. You can mix some of the powder in your smoothies and you can also add some to your baking. It is good for giving you endurance. It is very nutritious but also has 20 grams of carbohydrates per serving.
331. I tend to get sinus headaches. When I take allergy and decongest medications to clear up my sinuses, they get dry, tender and this helps to moisturize that nose. I use a cpap at night, and that also tends to be drying, especially during the winter. I don't like using the water the humidify my sinuses, and this gives me a good start.
332. I am not a vegetarian, but I do use the vegan protein powder, as well as non-vegan. One generally mixes better than the other and there are usually less carbs in the non-vegan. I use them equally and have at least one protein powder serving each day. I typically mix it with my cottage cheese or with raisin bran. I like that this one has stevia in it. I have used stevia for so long that sometimes the one without stevia is too sweet.
333. I have been doing a lot of physical work and I get sore from the heavy lifting, this helps. This also replenishes my endurance so I can do more work. The taste isn't bad and you will need to blend to get the best mix. I mix up a glass and take a nice sip throughout the working.
334. First thing I did was look up what capsimax is. It is a proprietary blend with most likely black pepper, caffeine, niacin and capsicum extracts. It is not known exactly what is in the blend. It is a secret. Like the colonel's. Green tea, of course is a stimulant, like caffeine. The other ingredients are a laxative, garcinia cambogia, glucomannan - a fiber, and turmeric. Nothing bad is listed but because you don't know exactly what is in capsimax, it makes it difficult to know what you are taking. You should get hunger control and thermal benefits.
335. Turmeric is good for digestion, cholesterol, anti-inflammatory  and possibly diabetes. This one comes as a pure powder. Turmeric also has manganese and iron, which is good for your blood and your bones. The powder form is easy to use. Use it as a spice to your dishes or use it in smoothies.
336. I have wished I had these so many times in the past. Depending on how high the heels are, the more the ball of your foot hurts. You can't wait to get those babies off your feet. These will help your feet feel so much better. Rather than wearing sensible low heeled shoes, I will now be able to wear my pretty higher heels. They make my feet feel better about being on high heels. And my feet aren't aching like they usually would.
337. I like the probiotics for kids. It gives support to ear, nose and throat as well as the tummy. There are three strains of probiotics. Each container has 30 tablets that can be dissolved in the mouth. They are not to be swallowed. These are supposed to be orange burst flavor and I tried one and it wasn't so good. I don't know if most people are going to be able to get their children to let these dissolve. Besides the Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Streptococcus salivarius K12, there is also xylitol, inulin, sorbitol, natural orange flavor, magnesium stearate, silica, vegetable juice color, natural vanilla flavor, citric acid and ascorbic acid.
338. I have been using these reusable pads all week long. One lasts me all day long - I use them for slight incontinence - and they keep me feeling fresh. I will wash them in a gentle wash in a mesh bag and dry them flat. They should keep me in business for some time.
339. The Lemon Lime Sport Go Electrolyte powder is very high in carbs....36 of them in fact! For athletes, marathoners and long distance bikers, this is an excellent choice to rehydrate and get that extra burst of energy from carbs. For the rest of us who are not into sports, it works darn well when you have the flu or some other illness that depletes your hydration and energy. I generally will have my hubby get me Powerade, Gatorade or any of the other replenishing brands, when I am sick, not eating and having gastric issues. This could literally help you through the rough times. Same thing when you are out in the hot sun and need to keep hydrated. I am keeping this handy as one of my go to's when I am having issues.
340. I ordered the wrong size so I cannot tell you how well they work or don't work. I will have to wait to get a new grandbaby to find out. I will update when I can test them.
341. I like the Toniiq hydration vitamin. It is easier for me to take this to get hydrated and vitamins all in one. With diabetes II, after I take my medication, I tend to get dehydrated, no matter how much water I drink. Then I start feeling yucky. So I take Toniiq to rehydrate and feel better.
342. I like these bath bombs they actually smell like cotton candy  really beautiful coloring in the bath water🙂
343. Instant relief when putting these on. I am glad I purchased this as the amount of money a solution like this provides is substantial! (Dermatologists aren't cheap!)
344. Fit perfectly in my ears and i got the best night sleep as i did not have to listening to my husbands loud snoring!!! Have not gotten to use the other ear plugs in the set yet but i am sure they are just as great :) thumbs up ear joy
345. I work in the yard a lot, esp this time of year and my feet would start aching. Started using Blue Emu Foot Therapy cream and I now have no issues.  Also, this cream smooths out the slight cracks in my heels.
346. Good for removal of the oldest blackheads on soft skin, does not work well on thicker skin.
347. They work okay but my ear canals are super sensitive to the pressure which makes them hard to wear during sleep which is why I bought him.
348. Great tissues. A bit expensive
349. These pants waist extenders did work. One time only. They stretched like cheap ink pen springs. Don't waist your time even considering buying these.
350. The advertisement says five pack per box I received a Ziploc bag sealed with for only four I tried it on their comfortable there nice nice color but there’s not side there’s four
351. Did nothing at all for my milk supply.  Stick with straight Fenugreek!
352. It works great and the aloe makes it easier on the skin.  Be sure you wash your hands after applying it.
353. This is the first diffuser I've purchased and it does not disappoint.  The fragrance is powerful yet not overwhelming. It has a clean, soft scent and I can smell it throughout my room. This makes an excellent gift for men or women. I'll be buying more, this Soleil scent is hard to find.
354. I discovered this at my local gymspa. I love it, just wish it was not sooooooo expensive!  I don't understand why it is so expensive, it's only coconut extract. I'd love to find something less expensive...anyone know of something similar?
355. I ordered this on a Thursday afternoon and it was delivered about 18 hours later!!!  However, I couldn't keep this on because my arm would sweat and the band slipped off!!  I found it uncomfortable, the velcro rubbed against my upper arm whenever I bent my arm.  I am really surprised that no one has mentioned the sweating!  The inside of the strap is rubber!!  I will be sending this back for a refund.
356. Not great compression. Unfortunately I wasn't able to return these, so I'm stuck with them now. I wouldn't purchase them if you need tighter (20-30mmhg) compression as they fit more like sort of snug socks.
357. Use this to soak all white clothes, especially little league white sliding pants. Takes out every kind of stain.
358. Truly the best..tried megsorb and all..this wins it all..
359. - UPDATE - After 6 months of on and off usage (I would guess about 125 wearings) the main band hook-and-loop (Velcro is one brand of hook-and-loop) type closure is shot!  The 2 straps start separating as soon as they are attached. One good cough or bending over and SCRITCH!...it pops open.  I am most certainly not a big person so I am not stressing the connection in that respect. ALL hook-and loop does wear out. The hooks start to get straightened out with repeated pulls of the loop side and subsequently they stop grabbing and holding the loop.  The highest quality products have thick, stout hooks that last a very long time.  I feel that should you plan on wearing this item everyday you may be buying 2 or 3 a year.  Aside from this issue rendering the brace unwearable I still feel this is a fantastic brace.*ORIGINAL POST*This is not the first posture corrector I  have purchased through Amazon but it will be the last.  This is a very well engineered and constructed product and I commend the sellermanufacturer on delivering a corrector that actually works!I had been going through progressive slouching, shoulder slump, and FHP (Forward Head Position)...to the layman like me that just means not looking straight ahead but down to differing degrees.  I had been told that I was looking down all the time.  In actively assessing myself I found that to be true.  This observation of slumping over and head position led me to understand why I was going through progressive upper back, shoulder, and neck pain.  Every morning and evening I was on an acetaminophen and ibuprofen regimen.My previous posture corrector experience was awful.  Poorly engineered, uncomfortable, and one size fits all seems to be the norm.In receiving this product box I was a bit apprehensive;  I didn't want further disappointment.  I gave this purchase a 4 star review for two reasons.  I really want to give a 5 star review because the product ACTUALLY WORKS AS ADVERTISED but there are a couple of issues. If I could give a 4.5 star review I would. For better or worse positive change occurs on Amazon through the process of accurate and honest reviews.My first reason for not rating my experience as a 5 may seem petty to some but I feel it has importance.  On opening the box and removing the brace there was not a single stitch of product literature included.  In my humble opinion, basic information regarding the product itself, guarantee explanation with returnrefund information, and some basic seller contact information should have been included.  There were none of the pages that can be seen on the Amazon website that are just great.  Copies of the photos and fitting instructions should also have been with the product. I was going back and forth between my computer and my bathroom mirror to assure proper fitment. When I first put this on it did not feel right and I found that I was wearing it too low by looking at the photo of the model.  For future reference, when not logged on to the computer, having package inserts would be fantastic.Now to the corrector. Once I was properly fitted it was immediately obvious that this device was going to prove beneficial.  When I first strapped it on it seemed that I would only receive moderate correction.  I realized that I was not holding my shoulders, neck, and head up straight and in proper alignment before stretching and attaching the shoulder straps to the belly band.  Upon doing this correctly, a significant amount of support was felt.  By pulling pretty tight on the straps while in proper posture before attachment of the bands, my alignment is now perfect. My posture without the corrector was poor...but not as bad as I have seen with other people. In order to retain proper alignment with the corrector I had to give the straps a pretty good stretch.  I am 5'11&#34; tall and 190 pounds.  It is only reasonable that the device straps will have to be pulled tighter for a bulkier person; there is just going to be more physical resistance to correction. If you are smaller than me such tension may not be required.This is where my second issue is keeping me from a 5 star review comes up.  For those of use requiring extra tension on the straps to maintain proper spinal alignment, the straps can &#34;cut&#34; into the armpits to an uncomfortable degree.  Some sort of well designed underarm cushioning would be greatly appreciated.Lastly, I can only wear this brace for about 2 hours before my back muscles start aching.  I do not consider this to be a negative in any way...actually it is quite the opposite.  This lets me know the brace is working as advertised.  Those muscles in my back have been stretching and stretching over the years and are at the heart of my poor posture.  They are not enjoying being &#34;re-compressed&#34;.  Tough!  Over time muscle fibers begin to grow together.  This corrector, I feel, will facilitate just that. Take tension off the brace as soon as you begin to feel any of the aching I have described above.  Continued use after that point will cause discomfort for some time after the brace is removed.  For some people I imagine this period of initial correction may be as short as 45 minutes to an hour (perhaps even less for the elderly...I am going to get one for my 70 year old mother if she gives in to trying it. It takes time to gain new muscle memory.  The longer you use the device every day the length of time you will be able to wear it comfortably will most likely extend. In using this corrector, these aching muscles will begin to calm down over time.  The support is not just holding things in place, it is forcing the body to improve itself.  I fully believe that actual POSTURAL HEALING will take place and down the road I will only need the support as a  reminder rather than a maintainer.I wear a T-shirt every day and even when tightly tucked in the corrector is virtually invisible underneath it.  From when I first put the corrector on in the morning I do not take it off until bedtime.  I simply go through comfortable cycles of tensioning the main strap and releasing it when I feel it is needed...the device is lightweight and unobtrusive.  Only the tightest or sheerest of clothing would give away it's presence.Bravo Tigoof!  You really have a winner here and I highly recommend this product to anyone experiencing postural issues such as mine (slouching, Forward Head Position, and shoulder slumping) and suffering from the chronic neck and shoulder pain that I was.  As an aside, my working at the computer for any extended period of time would get to feeling fiery in the upper back. I don't do computer work now without the brace,  and no longer experience that discomfort. I HIGHLY recommend this support to long duration computer users.This is a fantastic product you should feel very secure in purchasing.  The few negative things I mentioned are more than likely issues specific to me (or perhaps to other people my size or larger).  I am confident that if you order the correct size and find the just-right fit for you this corrector will prove itself to be quite an asset.  If you don't feel just that way, contact the seller.  They are fantastic to work with.  I can't wait for my few issues to be dealt with in some fashion for all future purchasers so I can I can come back and give this product a SOLID 5 STAR RATING! I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.Good Day & Good Back,STLaffoon
360. I do not like the boxes the tissues are in.  Who designs these things?? they're terrible.  But the tissues are the softest I have found, therefore I purchase them, yucky boxes and all.
361. Who knew Mr Clean could clean up everything!
362. Better than I expected
363. I really like this. great concept.
364. Reliable over the years, long lasting, wash cloth of choice. 4 Stars.
365. Decent socks, surprisingly so, and they look good in the process.
366. I have been searching for a protein powder that tastes good when mixed with water ... this is awesome!  No, it isn't like drinking fresh juice, and it IS VERY heavy on the coconut flavor, but I love coconut and this Caribbean Cooler is just perfect for me!  I have 6 more flavors to try from Syntrax ... I hope they are all this good!
367. My grandma used Biz forever. When I found it on Amazon, I thought, why not give a try. The results were unparalleled.I use it all the time.
368. This eyelash curler was already charged but failed to get hot after 10 min of being on. After trying it on my eyelashes, as I pressed on it, the plastic cracked. I can not recommend. Shipping was okay.
369. Well made flexible insert, if that fits your need!
370. Great replacement for current unit, easy to install.
371. It works but hard to get out of tube
372. I have been taking Flexoplex on and off for several years to combat degenerative OA in both knees (I purchase it directly from the manufacturer's website).  It works.That being said, I'm not a fan of the 'other ingredients' used in this product so I'm going to look for something else that contains some of the same ingredients but without magnesium stearate, silicon dioxide and shellac.
373. Not just this one but others that I tried just do not work when training a puppy.  On this one.  I cleaned the pee spot and sprayed it on.  Puppy went back to the spot and peed next to it.  It would be funny if I wasn't peeved.
374. Awesome product, super quick shipping!
375. Awesome product, super quick shipping!
376. A bit pricey but Cascade powder is what I wanted and the quality is great. Clean and sparkle dishes when done.
377. These are too wide for between toes.  They were so uncomfortable I couldn’t wear them.  Returned.
378. I work out and always looking for a protein bar to use as a snack.  These bars tasted great. I bought the variety pack. Ignore the negative reviews.... I have read most all the negative feedback and I disagree. I am enjoying my bars and will buy again from this company. Eating healthy is a lifestyle!
379. Arrived today, happy with purchase.
380. This is so cheap. Looks like a toy. Didn’t even turn on.
381. I was using white vinegar to clean my dishwasher. Cheaper right? Vinegar is used for a lot of other good things, but it can cause damage & void your warranty. These tablets do what they are intended to do. Clean a dishwasher with excellent results while leaving a pleasant odor, which vinegar does not. I use these tablets when the dishwasher is empty as recommended. Other brands state that their tablets can be added to a full load of dishes while being cleaned.
382. Not Recommended
383. Super easy way to really clean between your toes. It would be 10 times more effective if the handle were 15 inches longer
384. fit the WP-100 and works great thanks for making the replacement as our hose cracked at the handle.  Getting more use out of the unit.  TX&#62;&#62;
385. I didn't really see any difference when I was taking these. I was hoping I would actually see a difference, but I still had low milk production.
386. My elderly disabled mother (5' 225 lbs.)  has no issues using this.  It is sturdy and very helpful for her getting in and out of her bed.
387. Absolutely great product. It cleans even things that are really stuck, without scratching the surface. These last for a long time and don't fall apart for months. I have not found great sponges like these since I used to buy them in israel. It's the real deal, just like the ones from israel. It feels like home !
388. What can I say - it does the job
389. UPDATE : 41619 I ended up sending both bottles back for a refund. I honestly think this is just a hype or maybe the quality of this one isn’t the greatest? I didn’t notice any difference in healing the cuts on my hands. Everyone spoke about this like it’s “magic in a bottle” my experience wasn’t like others. Maybe everyone’s body reacts to this stuff differently? A lot of “ maybe’s”I also tried this in a DIY hyaluronic acidserum. Let’s just say it looked DISGUSTING! I’ve been making this serum for a very long time and I have never had another product I added in, make it look like this. If you can imagine what it looked like ladies...... let’s just say it didn’t mix well no matter what I did, it left yucky red specs all over my face, it just looked nasty in the jar and eye dropper.Either way, I wasn’t a fan.I might try a different brand or form of it in the future. I’ll have to continue with my research. To each of their own. You may need to try it, maybe you’ll have a better outcome then I did. It’s not that expensive, around $10 a bottle.****************************************************Besides My bottles being squished really bad when delivered, I’m still not sure about this product or dragon blood in general. This is the first time I’ve ever bought it. I’m not sure what the hype is about it either. It Makes me wonder if the reviews are fake?Although Ill admit, I haven’t been using it long. About a week or so. I’m going to continue to use the first bottle and see what the results are after using it longer. I had bought two but won’t open the 2nd one just yet.I bought it for two reasons, healing cuts, eczema on my hands and wrinkles under my eyes. (I’m 35 so the wrinkles aren’t that bad)The day I received it in the mail, my cat scratched me wicked bad on my Hand. ( he fights me when I give his medicine sometimes)I put this stuff on my scratches for the last 5 days, I honestly don’t see any difference in the healing process. Everyone claims it heals wounds, cuts and scratches fast. Well mine aren’t healed yet or any differently if I had not used it. I made sure to put it on at night so it will stay on throughout the nights. It stayed on too and wouldn’t come off until I washed my hands with water. It came off better with soap.I’m not doubting this Is fake. It’s definitely the consistency that it should be. I researched it a lot before buying it. It’s very bright red and will STAIN anything that it touches. So be careful. Once you start to rub it in, it turns a white color but still stains your skin red.I put this on my face under my eyes different ways. First I tried it alone. The next few nights I added it to my retinol serum, then I tried it mixed with my face lotion. I know it’s only been a week and facial products do take time to work but I haven’t noticed any difference in the appearance of wrinkles or skin texture.  I’ll continue to put it on for 4-6 weeks since that’s how long it usually takes for that stuff to work. I think I’ll go back to just using the dragons blood only. This way I’ll know if it’s that, that’s working and not my serums and lotions. I also make my own DIY serums and lotions, I wasn’t able to find any recipes online with dragons blood in the ingredients. Maybe I’ll play around with it...I’ve swapped out my prescription ointment for the eczema on my hands, and put the dragons blood on it and just that. again, at night so it’s on all night. Once I stopped my regular regiment, my hands got bad immediately. Blisters started forming and the dryness came back. Because I don’t want to risk it getting bad again since it’s a pain to clear up, I’m no longer going to continue to use it for that. I’m going back to the ointment.This doesn’t have much of a scent. It’s very light. And same for the taste. I only put a drop on my tongue.I don’t know about consuming it. Although I don’t have a reason to.I want to mentioned that there’s really isn’t too much on the internet about dragons blood. I mean I found some stuff but not all that much. There’s some stuff on YouTube but it’s mostly silly stuff about “ potions and spells” nonsense lolI’ll come back to update my review once I’m done with the first bottle, maybe the second if I decide to keep it and use it. I might try the resin instead. The one that comes in a rock form. Maybe I’ll have different effects with that?
390. Normally, I dislike anything that has a strong odor, whether it be detergent, fabric softener, or dryer sheets.  But these have a different sort of fragrance to them which isn't all that offensive, and they've left my clothing with a fragrance that isn't strong.  I would buy these again.
391. My kids asked me to buy this and I am pleasantly surprised at how well it works!  You position it over your bug bite, pull the plunger a few times and allow it to "suck" the bite and then presto, the itch is gone!
392. Apparently there is no return option for “probably tastes like whatever my dog tried to roll in”. This is unfortunate, because I’m pretty sure this stuff tastes like … feet, a**, something equally nasty… whatever it is, it’s not the mint flavor I ordered, nor the citrus-mint flavor I received. Awful stuff, wish I could return it.
393. These are really cute, just sturdy enough to stuff, not so tough the kids can’t get into them.
394. You are paying for the design but its great mat overall
395. Cheap quality
396. I purchased these to replace discolored nose pads on my old glasses. (Nose pads absorb oil from your skin and yellow with age.) These are great -- very soft and easy to install. You will need a tiny screwdriver to install them. For 2 pairs of glasses it took about 10 minutes to remove the old pads and replace them with these.
397. These work awesome on everything listed on package. You don’t need cleaner with it , great for anyone with allergies!
398. Works great
399. While I do like the fabreze brand I wasn’t impressed with this item.  It doesn’t remotely smell of pine and I’m not exactly sure just what it does smell like.  Besides being an unrecognizable fragrance it’s also very strong smelling and that’s not a good thing!  I wouldn’t buy this scent again.
400. It is a great  buy and at an excellent price- except for the shipping cost. The packaging was OK, except that it could easily have gotten damaged; but it did not get damaged. It was fine. I gave the tip in the  credit card purchase along with the shipping cost and, of course, the tax.
401. WOW You get 30 rolls of the best toilet paper I have found and a box of sturdy 30 gallon trash bags it doesn't get any better than that
402. This does what it’s supposed to . It holds my mask in place securely without hurting my ears.
403. I was happy to find this product . It was accurate with my known allergies and I discovered an allergy I was unaware of . I like that you can do this from home amd so t have to go to, or call a dr to order . It’s a good value . It is easy to use and comes with everything you need.
404. These are easy to use, strong and convenient! I like these much better than floss. They are convenient to take traveling . They fit in an empty medicine container and my husband keeps them in that for easy transport and storage.
405. This works like it’s major competition. It smells nice and does it’s job eliminating odor before you go. It is a good value with the two pack .
406. Works great. This product works great for cleaning my daughters face. She has acne and wanted a item like this so this was great for her. She likes the vibrating feature it really helps get her pores clean. It is soft and gentle on her skin but does a good job in cleaning it thoroughly. Charges fairly quickly and hold a charge for several uses.
407. I wish this product  was available years ago. This is the most amazing product for mosquito bites. I’m the one that’s bit  in my family I’m always getting bit and scratch like crazy. If you use this right away you too will be  amazed that it worked so well. The itching will be gone. There was still swelling but it did not itch. It’s so simple to use. I actually have the original namebrand one and I prefer this one better because the finger loops make it easier to use. I cannot say enough positive things about this product! The price is excellent , especially since you get three of them. I keep one on my purse and one in the car and another in the first aid kit. This is one purchase you will not regret!!
408. Good quality balloons and banner. The balloons are helium quality so they will stay up for several hours with helium.
409. Good fit, well made. These are easy to cut if you need to customize them to your shoes. They are soft and comfortable and help support my arches. This is a good value as it comes with two sets.
410. These are thick and comfortable and fit well in my shoes. These are well-made.
411. I couldn’t get this to spray nicely. It started to spray in a stream, not a mist.
412. This product looks cool and I thought I would like it. However it’s a bit difficult to open, and there have been several times where I’ve opened it and the meds have spilled out.
413. I love the style of these glasses. The lenses are larger than some so I have a larger reading area. These are lightweight and mostly comfortable but are a little tight on my head. They won’t slip off so that’s nice , maybe they will loosen up with breaking them in, I will update my review if they get a little looser upon use . I like that they come in blue and red so they go with several different outfits. The 2.25 reading level is perfect for me to use my phone. I like that they block the blue light because I do use my phone before bed. Although they are lightweight they are strong.
414. These are now something you may need if wearing a mask for  many hours a day, several days a week.  The silicone doesn't pull on your hair so its comfortable. It can be a bit small depending on the size of your head. My husband has a big head and it can be tight depending on the mask straps.  They worked fine for me and they have saved my ears from chafing.  The ear loops hook easily over the button thingy on the extender.  Th extender has a small amount  of stretch so you can adjust your mask for the comfort level you prefer.
415. This is a great product To keep the mask off your face. It has helped keep my acne at bay since the fabric stays off my chin. It also helps by preventing the mask from messing up my lipstick. It is comfortable and makes it easier to breathe in the mask by keeping fabric from my face. The pieces that go behind your head to prevent the earloops from hurting is also good but its a bit tricky to put on. You have to put the mask on your head first and then apply the piece. It fits well with the multiple parts for adjusting it to a great fit.
416. These soft earplugs worked great on my last airplane flight. It blocked out the sound from the engine and a crying baby! I like these better than the kind you squish and push in your ear. The comfort is better and they remove so easily with the tab for removal. The carrying  case is nice to keep them secure and from being lost.
417. This is an easy and effective way to ice an injured area. I use it on my leg where I was injured and also  it works greats on leg cramps at night. The roller part stays in the freezer for when you need it . You just pop on the roller to the handle and it’s ready to go. It rolls easily and smoothly and then when you are done it cleans up easily. The roller stays icy cold for plenty of time - I have yet to run out of cold while using . The handle fits my hand nice and it it comfortable to hold and use. The roller rolls smooth. This also works great when I have neck pain or a migraine.
418. comfortable and absorbent
419. Don't Go without it!
420. It pulls really bad! Like it’s been run through  “dulling” machine 😬😖
421. Did not work.  I returned this item
422. This TENS unit is by far the best! I have terrible chronic pain and not much at all has helped me, this helps me relax so much and gives me relief. Thank you so much for making this product! I HIGHLY recommend it. If you are looking for great quality and pain relief then this is your device!
423. ....Why I didn't purchase one of these till now is beyond me. Seriously. This is definitely a purchase I'm proud of and anyone blowing up a bunch of balloons the old fashion way needs to just take the leap and get one. i still haven't figured out how to use the balloon tie plastic finger thing, but i'm sure there is a youtube video out there...
424. Works fine
425. I am really enjoying having a foot soak again. While I often add my own warm water to start, this model is true to it's feature of being able to heat water (to a warm but safe temperature), as well, it maintains the warmth. I have seem others complain about the plastic "massage" pieces being to hard but did not find that to be the case and for those who have more sensitive feet, these parts are removable. Personally, I find the added round pumice stone and other changeable parts not to be as effective as my preference for full size equivalents but those "bonus" parts are not why I purchased this modelbrand.  Overall, I am very satisfied and would recommend this foot soak to others.
426. I was skeptical about buying this but I'm so glad I did. It absolutely works. No more itchy mosquito bites. Instantly gets rid of symptoms right after use.
427. My husband really likes this beard balm. I had gotten him the starter sample set initially and he liked it enough to purchase the full size balm. I like that the scent is mild and light. A little pricey for what it is, but it lasts a very long time so it's worth it overall. The guitar pick included for scooping out the product is a nice touch.
428. I love this works great
429. Use this in my bubble bars and it works great!
430. This has truly saved my life! I use this twice a day to clean my eyes and eyelids, and it truly has been a lifesaver. I was struggling terrifically with dry eye syndrome until my doctors advice nurse suggested I try this. I can’t live without it!
431. I have been buying these little guys for quite some time! I love them because they are unscented and they are not huge. This time when I bought them the packages are different… They do not have the same plastic lid and the biggest difference is the wipes are not layered within one another so that when you pull one out the next when it’s ready. There is no way little hands or fingers of little children are going to be able to figure out how to get the wipes out. I end up pulling out wads of them! I am not sure why this changed and I do not like it and I will not buy these again until I can be assured that they are layered so they come out of the container easy.
432. I love these earplugs. They are great for sleeping and for swimming. Best earplugs on the market right now.
433. Same as I was using
434. Strange and a little stinky(like vinyl or chemical smell), but I guess it does stretch my neck and hold my head in place.
435. This is an excellent blood pressure monitor. There are only a few minor quibbles that doesn't take away from how good the unit performs.Pluses- Very well made- Attractive shape and appearance- Large, easy to read display- Well written & informative user guide- Voice prompts provide start status and read out of results- 2 user memory function- Cuff has instructions that provide guidance on proper fit- Micro USB power option- Results were accurate (in line with results received during annual physical exam)Minuses- 3 AAA batteries not included- USB cable & charger are also not includedIn a lot of cases with devices that take batteries, you normally get really cheap no-name batteries. I don't mind that they're not included, as I'd rather spend the money on good quality alkalines or rechargeables. But I can see where not having batteries to get you started would be a bummer. Likewise, I'm not really disappointed that a charger isn't included, especially at this price point.Those little inconveniences aside, the unit works incredibly well. It's easy to know the direction when placing the cuff on. The user guide is well written; it was easy to follow the step by step instructions. Even though I could see the results on the large LCD screen, it was to have the voice prompts let me know my results. I see this as a great benefit to elderly people who may have a little trouble reading the screen. And you can save your results to memory, for 2 separate users, to recall at a later date. Nice.
436. They did the job and they are nice, not cheap at all. Tho the price is high for stickers.
437. This roll on smells like menthol and goes on icy cold. I get a cooling, soothing sensation for about 15-20 mins then nada. It’s nice to use after a workout or long day so it’s been great for me, but you will need to constantly reapply for lingering aches.
438. I’ve never Used this type of mouthwash but am attracted to the concept and simple ingredients. I took a gulp of water, then took two droppers, then swished. It Tastes fresh and minty without the burn. Seems effective for eliminating bacteria and odor. Per volume of prepared product, I think this concentrate is a good value, maybe a slight premium for a higher quality product.
439. I used this after the cake foaming cleanser. The powder doesn’t come out as easily as I would like. I had to rub the blobs into my toy. I feel my toy is left clean and soft. The ingredients are nothing more than cornstarch so it’s pretty overpriced, but it works.
440. This supplement has a pleasant, sweet taste. I took the recommended dosage but had no noticeable results. It claims to be fast acting, combating anxiety and aiding with relaxation. I have never used kava products, and Sadly this didn’t work for me :(
441.  This fish oil comes in well packaged and sealed as well as clear in its 50-day quantity as well as expiration date and various other contents. The fish oil capsule slowly melts in the mouth and it tastes delicious.
442. Great to have on hand
443. Very little product. Not worth what I paid.
444. The lining makes a big difference!
445. My husband loves these!
446. Worked great keeping mosquitoes away
447. Love it and it's safe!
448. They are smaller than expected. I had to attach the two together to go around my leg. Doesn't seem to be  a lot  of compression.
449. I wish I knew how these worked. I had a really old shower that was stained and just plain ugly. I gave up on all other products and tried the Magic Eraser. It took all the old stains off the shower.
450. As stated above. Does work or jean material, not on cloth furniture. Do NOT recommend.
451. Surgery on my smallest finger. This worked perfect to help keep the bagade secure and clean. It’s a lot of product so I’m using it to cover my embroidery 🧵 spools of thread too!  I will keep it on hand for other uses. Might go cat fishing. Lol!
452. I miss living on the beach so this brought the scent to the Midwest for me. It’s bright, salty and fresh. It’s also a little too strong with windows closed, so dialing the warmer down is a must.
453. I had to purchase these migrasticks cuz a friend let me use hers for my headache and it really helped. Plus it smells amazing. Just don’t put too close to the eyes, when putting on temples.
454. love and will buy again!
455. I picked up a bottle at a teacher's training in upstate NY and I thoroughly enjoyed the drink! So much so that I saved the bottle to buy on Amazon once I return home to Boston. Little did I know that what I scanned into Amazon came up a different looking bottle. Same product, different look.I'm the sure the 2 reviews before me had a horrible experience, but I really REALLY liked the taste of the mineral greens. My bottle of the drink tasted similar to golden milk aka Tumeric Milk with a touch of greens.It seems that the different bottles taste different. I sure hope that someone on Amazon will choose to sell the Mineral Greens that come in the bottle that I was introduced to.
456. Love these!
457. I was not compensated in any way for the review of this product. I suffer from joint damage in both knees therefore I need a rise in my toilet seat so I can easily get up and down. Guests to my home that do not have bad knees also state how much they like having the extra boost on the toilet. I had a different brand of toilet seat booster prior to this that had a much more comfortable seating portion,it was wider and was made of a better feeling plastic however after about two years of use the locking mechanism on that seat failed. This new seat is made of a  harder plastic that is not as comfortable and the width is not as generous  however the side screw is on the backside rather than the front side and the seat is much more secure, there is no wobble once that seat is fully screwed in. The screws are very easy to adjust with large wing nut typed screws that are also me made of plastic. That being said I do believe it will give me a good two years of use. I would recommend this product one star deducted for for the narrowness of the seat.
458. Very sturdy, easy to use and you can pick up a dime with it
459. I love the scent and the calming feeling it gives.
460. Great cleaner! Took marks off my white walls that I couldn't get off with other cleaners, and I tried a lot!
461. Absolutely love this!
462. We are big fans of this flavor and the coconut. Wish they were less expensive but they aren’t.
463. I rubber my legs with various amounts of pressure before and after a shower and not a single hair came off.
464. this just plain didn't work. didn't spin, didn't clean.
465. Helped painful feet.
466. Update 21921- so the green one is good. We found the orange one in a sheet in the closet. It had only been used a few times. My husband forgets to look good when we wash sheets. I found the orange one and for some reason it's dried out. The green one isn't dried and I've used it a lot. I'll stick to ordering the ones from Walmart. My husband said that's how it looked the day he took it out of washer and dryer. The pic I took doesn't really do justice but it's dark, cracked and dried. Feels like a dog biscuit in my hand. I've used the green one more and it's still green, sticky and works well.Old review-These really work at getting the hair off. Only thing I can say is that it is hard to collect the hair off of it before you want to throw them into a new load of dirty clothes because it's so tackysticky. Wet it and pull off the hair or get a hair roller to collect any debris off them while dry. It also will stick to the wall of washinging machine or dryer. I'm not sure if they really get a chance to tumble through the clothes before it clings on to the walls of machine. No instructions came with or the usual packaging. The ones I have been using can be put in washer and dryer. So far I can do the same with these.
467. Was dubious when I bought these but quickly saw that I have been wasting good money buying the brand name replacements; these fit perfectly and are of the same quality as the ones that cost much, much more. Will definitely order again and buy myself something nice with the money I saved!
468. Exactly what I was looking for. Just wish it were bigger.  Works great with oil and easy to hold when doing someone's back.
469. Overall for $11 is okay.We didn’t use the adhesive that comes with it because it was obvious it was not going to work so we use normal double side tape 3MMFaster and less complicated.
470. First off, I've been working with technology for literally 20 years and in that time I have set up and troubleshooted wireless networks and even with all of that experience I could not get this thing to set up. Why? Because they don't tell you it ONLY SUPPORTS 802.11b!!! This is literally 1999 technology, folks. Unless you have an antique router or a rotuer that expressly supports this antiquated standard that you would normally want to have turned off because it slows your network down, don't even bother.Terrible experience. Who would have thought a wifi scale would be a bad idea. &#62;:-P
471. This tobelife CW001 Mini Ozone Generator O3 Air Purifier works really well in small spaces.  It doesn't generate too much ozone as a lot of them do. It's rechargeable and the battery last a good long time.  It works great for my car and gym bag but has trouble with a mid sized room.  My only real complaint is they say to mount it high for best results in the instructions but only give you a very short USB cord.  Where I mounted it is hard to get to so I had to run a USB extension cable.Regardless, it's much better portable and in the car so I will be ordering a couple more for my locker, gym bag and car.  This is perfect for those uses.  I still want to see if it does anything in my workshop where it's mounted in the pictures.  I highly recommend this for the uses I mentioned and we'll see about a mid sized room but I'm afraid it just isn't designed for that use.
472. I think the use of noise cancelling is a little lost in translation but otherwise these were great and came in really handy.  When I travel and am in a secured place it's nice to be able to block out all the noise and get some good rest.  These did an excellent job.  I also used them when going to the shooting range and they worked great there also.  Having the different sizes meant I had an extra pair to give to someone that didn't have proper ear protection at the range. The hard carrying case is great to have as well or I would've lost them a long time ago.To be noise cancelling they would have to produce a counter noise, so the use of that term is incorrect but they do block out a good amount of sound.  I was very happy with them and had no problems with them at all.
473. They are okay but I need more of an arch support
474. Used for a few years but I switched to a new product
475. Used to rebuild my spine.
476. This is all new to me, what a wonderful extract I have used it for a week or so and I feel more energy and overall well being. I purchased this for a discount for my honest opinion.
477. I love the chance to try different items. Thanks
478. I like keeping these in the office for those mid afternoon hunger cravings.
479. There's not much to describe. It is a simple product and I received exactly what I wanted.
480. I love Derma Nu products in general and I have used many of their items. This toner is no exception to their quality products. First of all, it smells divine. A very soft natural rose smell;not in the old fashioned sense but soft and natural. It is more like a fresh blossom on the vine. It is very gentle to the skin and works well to cleanse as well as tone the skin when just sprayed lightly over your skin.I would highly recommend this toner especially if you have dry or sensitive skin. It's really a perfect toner for these skin types. I have used everything from high end to drug store and I have found Derma Nu products to be among the very best available and they are also very affordable here on Amazon. I hope this helps :)If this review is helpful to you, please click yes so it can be helpful to others as well. Thank you so much for reading!
481. I love this for trigger points on my neck. If you don't want deep pressure, it's not for you.
482. Very cheaply constructed and did not hold together for my elbow-- would not recommend it
483. These boxes are perfect for gifting baby outfits or shirts. I love that they come with the bows too so it's really easy and convenient to wrap a gift in a stylish way. I received these at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
484. Very good product. Expecting the maker keeps its integrity. It does help with a variety of health issues, with reliability. I highly recommend this product. The reason for the only four stars is because the seller has increased considerably the price of it. I will be searching for other options, although I trust this specific brand. I appreciate the seller's delivery, also.
485. Perfect for the window in my foyer.
486. I'm a small guy at 165lbs, so it took some breaking in for this cushion to finally give my hamstrings some relief...but now, I can't drive without it. If you're a truck driver and you're looking for a cushion, this is the one you want to get as all others WON'T cover the dimensions of the factory truck seat.
487. (original review)It's ok.Nothing really special.  Certainly not worth the $99(Update Review 33115)The razor has now fallen apart after NO more than a dozen uses since purchasing last September.  I typically use a razor to shave my head, but on occasion, I just felt like being lazy and use this electric razor.One of the blades fell off last week and I thought nothing of it. Just put it back on, easy-peasy, and kept on shaving.The next day I used it again, and the (presumably) blade fell out again.  This time it wouldn't go back into place. A plastic clip had broken, and was not fixable.Waste of $100.
488. A great collection of Ingredients in one mix ... I'm a 330 lb Male and 1 dose Gives me a good (non-jittery) energy boost, and even if I'm hungry I won't want to eat_ I don't workout, I just  take this at work about mid-shift since I have a Physically fast paced job and it keeps me going goodTHE TASTE:Rotten Raspberry - Lemon RindYeah, it's bad....However - with a simple trick you can get it tasting actually good....REMEDY For Bad Taste:When I mix me a concoction of this stuff I use an 18.5 OZ PLASTIC BOTTLE and fill it 60% full of FILTERED WATER_I use a KITCHEN FUNNEL and scoop into the bottle 1-12 scoops of the ROOTZ MIX and shake well_Get some POWDERED WELCH'S GRAPE DRINK MIX (it's actually low sugar per scoop), and scoop about only 12 - 34 a Scoop (provided in container) into the bottle via Funnel_ Shake well, fill up with Filtered Water, shake well again_This will neutralize the awful bitterness & tartness without making it sweet or loading it with sugar_If you prefer it sweet you can add a little more Grape Mix_As for a Remedy for the graininess .... If it's annoying then get a small Marble Mocaljete and pummel the powder finer_ I haven't done this yet but it's a logical solutionI only gave it 4 *'s because it seems that the makers could easily remedy the terrible taste & graininess pretty easily so for lack of a little effort I couldn't rate it 5*
489. Great Product.
490. These patches really do relieve the pain. They can be cut to whatever size you need.They stick extremely well.
491. Nice snug fit. Does give me knee pain relief. Seems better than my T Copper sleeve.
492. Couldn’t sit in at office chair all day without it. So comfortable, I could sit on it 247!
493. The package was difficult to access and a very limited amount for the price. They did give me a refund.
494. Meh. It does the job ok, but you have to clean it after every swipe and it gets tedious
495. Does a FANTASTIC JOB!! Used Cascade for 3 years. Worth every penny!!
496. These have the texture of the peppermint but not the power. I was expecting a strong flavor like the peppermint version but they fell short. A good mint but not what I want.
497. I am a woman who wears a size 812-9 in shoes, but a 3X in clothes and have larger calves.  These are too small for my calves. I could not quite get them pulled all the way up, and they slide down.  They *almost* fit- but not quite.That said, the fabric is fantastic, lightweight, comfortable. The grey and white stripes are fun.  I wear compression socks mainly for traveling, and the lighter fabric would be so much more comfortable in the tropical regions I've traveled. I like them very much, and they probably do fit most people with wider calves.
498. So far i have used it about 6 times and it has given me great results. I bought this no discounts no anything free like most others in these reviews most of these days. Usually it takes me about and hour and a half to do my entire head i have a lot. With this it cuts down to about 30 minutes or so. It heats up in about 3-5 minutes and it can get very hot depending on what you want.
499.  Some people just can't sleep with total silence. I can. My wife cannot. And, we have a hard time finding something that we can both accept. She wants the TV on. It keeps me awake. I like soft music. It keeps her awake. This Tabiger white noise machine has so many options, we found something that works for both of us, the sound of waves gently lapping on the shore. If you don't like that, there's air conditioner, train sounds, rain, frogs, crickets, a crackling fire, birds, soft piano music, instrumental lullaby, and more. Even just simple white noise. The quality of the sound is very good. And, the multi-mode night light is a nice touch. If you need sound to sleep soundly, I recommend this device. Five stars.
500. Absolute worthless garbage. Cup keeps coming off.  Just plain junk.
501. I bought these for giving my baked goods to friends. They are just the right size, sturdy, and even more beautiful in person than in the photos. Instead of light pink ribbons shown in the ad, mine are a hot pink, which makes the boxes pop to life. The thank you cards are a lovely ecru color and are packaged in clear resealable plastic (2 packages of 6). The cards have matching envelopes and are the quality you would expect to find in high end boutiques. This set really deserves 10 stars. They can be used for so many things--trinkets, birthdays, Valentine's Day, wedding showers. The boxes are the perfect size and the price is very affordable for such luxury. Thank you Amazon for this great set!
502. I read the reviews and was scared it might break when installing so I called Drive Medical and a tech walked me through each step. Not only that but he took the model number and installed one with me while we were on the phone. That way he was able to give more detailed instructions when the upper washer seemed to not fit. Well it got installed in about 5 minutes with no tools and is perfect for me. There are more expensive models but this has all the features recommended by my occupational therapist. In fact, she installed it with me. She thought it important for me to have an onoff switch in the handle and the ability to divert water into the regular shower head as needed. It's the perfect length, color and very easy for me to handle. Plus, it came in 24 hours and I didn't pay extra!
503. Our cleaning lady loves these.  IShe4 uses it to keep our toilets shining  Arrived fast and great product with the handle on it
504. I wouldn’t use the word softness to describe these. They are great go exfoliating, which is what they are designed for. I’m very happy with this product
505. Sounded TOO good to be true and it is! NOT very compatible with my Oral B toothbrush as each refill lasts maximum six uses before just stopping! Electric toothbrush is on but replacement head stops! Down to last brush head, NOT GOOD!
506. I am happy with the way this clipper cuts and the feature to be able to store clippings and emptyHoweverI thought that I was getting two different size clippers one for finger nails and one for toe nails that would be a larger size butThey are both the same size.I haven't tried yet to see if they can cut toe nails easily or not.There weren't any directions on how to empty but I figured it out just pull off the purple plastic covering.Easy
507. Complete waste of money does nothing just like wearing a regular pair of socks
508. Cured the stinky feet! Love this. Will buy again.
509. I  had lost two of my leads when we moved. I purchased these and they fit and work great
510. Handy and usefulHolds up well
511. Wow. Love this little battery powered lighter!  My candles get lit easily. Handy little item!
512. Outstanding! Comfortable, affordable, fast delivery. Order included a carrying case and cleaning cloth.I would give them 10 ☆s if possible!
513. First, they come in a Ziploc storage bag. A very thoughtful feature. They are perfect sleeping gloves. Soft, lightweight, not tight and cotton! And washable! Definitely Five Stars!
514. Perfect for keeping produce fresh. I wouldn't be without them!
515. ok but not all that powerfull like the old wahl i had
516. This has been a great help for me. Rolls nice. Its a little sketchy using it as a wheelchair. The person tends to be ejected forward often. Its held up well, I've been very happy with this purchase.
517. Good Dog P Pads, but getting too expensive with every order the price goes up.
518. Unfortunately iron tabs & some of my other meds can cause some constipation. THIS IS NOT A LAXATIVE!! Instead it makes the stool softer. Thats all, it helps with a laxative to move you along with less discomfort.
519. Took care of arm pain (nerves) that was result of shingles.  Was able to go to sleep.
520. Pregnenolone is a steroidal hormone with several powerful nootropic benefits. It is used as a focus booster, mood enhancer and energy pill. Recent studies have found it effective for improving memory, comprehension, and information processing and critical analysis.Pure Encapsulations Pregnenolone was suggested by my doctor who offers complimentary holistic medicine, when I was put on bio-identical hormones for menopause. They have improved my memory and my mood considerably since I have been taking them and are are great compliment to my other hormones.
521. This was a fun little toy. There is the potential to shallowly puncture the skin but you'd have to be pressing really hard. Otherwise, it's sensations galore and so worth the money!
522. This is a great back brace.  The only issue is that I bought it for my 80-year old father and it is difficult for him to put it on himself.  Well constructed and comfortable even when pulled quite tight.  Definitely helps with posture.
523. This backnobber works great!  I like that it comes apart.  The different sized curves let you cover most areas of your back with ease and it allows for good leverage and a firm application.
524. This isn't moisturizing but just runny. DOn't waste your money and get the simple vaseline that we all know..
525. Put out a foggy cloud of albuterol,  you can see by my picture the medicine flows quickly and fine fine mist.I put in 2 double a batteries and it was ready to go. This will be so easy to take with me when I go on vacation, this handheld little machine makes me happy. The big nebulizer I have is such a pain to drag out and use. I will probably never use it again. This comes with a USB  cord so you can plug in if you dont have batteries.
526. They're a little big, but because it is a capsules it's still easy to take. The daily dose is 2 capsules to equal 350 mg. These are made in the USA that means a lot to me. Magnesium is very important to me I take it every day. When you take omeprazole you have to supplement with magnesium which gets depleted by it.
527. I like this better than my mia.Cleans great. Get the makeup off completely, livens up your face .
528. They are soft
529. Includes a bottle brush for cleaning,  has a comfortable rubber seal that makes a good seal. This is great for an emergency.
530. These gloves have been the best to use, comfortable my hands dont sweat. I used one pair to stain my stairs. I used one pair when washing my pots and pans with pure hot water.. no heat on my hands. One pair when cleaning the bathroom. They are great multi use gloves. Its also great to wear when spray painting . I usually end up with paint all over my fingers and its hard to remove so smart to wear these.
531. It's just as good as the name brand. It's  petroleum jelly. 7.5 oz.
532. feels nice and blocks the light fits a little close to the eyeballs , but I am using nightly and I like it.
533. I tried to wear but they hurt my feet so bad that I could hardly stand up. Then it cost me more to send them back than I paid for them
534. Works flawlessly
535. This is my favorite scent.
536. Great price, perfect fit for all masks with filter inserts, best tyle and materials for extra protection. Highly recommend.
537. Sumptuous, thick and creamy. Feels amazing. Smells Heavenly. I like to put this on some rough skin on my feet. Works very well to moisture dry skin. Very neat jar, also, thick glass with a plastic lid. I've never seen better skin cream.
538. Fantastic cafe latte flavor, mixes up smoothly, tastes incredible! I was disappointed to find that this contains Sucralose, better known as Splenda, which I do not prefer to consume. But this tastes so good and packs enough of a nutritional punch I might overlook that! Very satisfying.---An hour later: woke up from a nap with a horrible taste in my mouth. Brushing my teeth won't get rid of it. Gaaah. The artificial sweetener in this otherwise tasty product is just not acceptable, which is really unfortunate. I wish they'd either left it unsweetened or used plain sugar.
539. I bought this oil for many reasons,it smells great in my diffuser and also helps me with my skin problems.. i mix it with a few drops of carrier oil and rub it on my stretch marks and fine lines on my face as franckincense is known to reduce stretch marks and wrinkles!! And if thats not great enough it also helps you when you are sick and have a cold!! Im so happy i discovered essential oils a few months ago, will order from brooklyn botany again!!
540. Shipping was incredibly fast and I actually received three. Thank goodness because one broke as I was learning to use it and the other got deformed when I finally got it in. It makes a gorgeous bun, but the product is not sturdy enough for multiple uses.
541. works great since my charging port quit working, it was a lifesaver
542. Gets everything out of my little one's nose my hubby even uses it
543. Lost my old one and ordered this one. I wanted an electric corded one and THOUGHT they sent me the wrong one. They sent me another one and then I realized DUH that the first one was exactly what I wanted! Was told to keep the second one as a gift! Wow!This product works GREAT! I use it every night on my rough feet because I go barefoot all the time. Have used this brand for years and will continue to do so
544. This is smaller than I expected but works nicely. It did have some weird discoloration on them but didn’t seem to cause any alarms.
545. I get these for my daughter bevy as it’s the only way I can get her in the bath. She was lightly scented and didn’t stain my fiberglass tub. They melted like any normal bath bomb and has cute presentation.
546. This product was very easy to put together and I love that I can use my own floor product. It sprayed nicely and evenly and didn’t leak. The pad secured nicely to the base with Velcro and you can throw the pads in the wash. It is as pictured and does a nice job.
547. This is a fun way to curl your eyelashes! Just be careful!
548. These are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. The colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. They do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. Check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. They come in a nice box that is a great gift.
549. These are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. The colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. They do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. Check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. They come in a nice box that is a great gift.
550. These makeup remover pads are nice because they have a white side and a black side. The black side is best for removing makeup and the white side is best for applying toner or whatever you use. I have other white ones that are totally stained with makeup even after being washed a dozen times. They are made of 70% bamboo and 30% cotton and come with a bag to wash. Make sure you tie that bag tight before machine washing or you will be spilling cotton pads everywhere. I did notice that the panda on the front of the packaging is the exact same logo as the WWF panda named “Chi Chi” and I’m sure that panda logo has a copyright.
551. These nail clippers work as expected and are strong. They come in a tin case with a protective foam.
552. I am loving this facial brush! I use it in the shower with face wash and so far, so good! I’m glad I could get rid of using a washcloth. It is made of a soft silicone so not damaging to my skin. It also suctions to the shower wall! I washed it in the dishwashing machine without any issues.
553. I am always looking to make regular meals healthier. I like to replace rice with cauliflower rice, replace white sugar with Stevia and use beans where ever I can. I used this sugar to replace half the sugar in a healthier homemade brownie pie recipe I have tweaked with the main ingredient being low sodium canned great northern beans. For all of you skeptics out there, don’t knock it until you try it. This recipe is one I found online however I have tweaked the ingredients and trust me: it will blow you socks off.Ingredients:2 cans low sodium northern beans13 cup cocoa powder23 cup quick oats (keep whole or blend into a flour)14 cup applesauce12 tap salt1 tbsp vanilla extract1 cups sugar (half whitehalf agave insulin powder)1 cup chocolate chips (half milkhalf dark)Oil is to drizzle in (any oil works: grapeseed, olive, avocado, vegetable)Add all ingredients into a food processor and then on low. While on, slowly drizzle the oil into the food processor until the mixture is smooth then add in chocolate chips and then on high for a few minutes until everything is incorporated into a batter. Pour into a pre-greased 8 inch circle pan, cook for 25 minutes  and then left cool in the refrigerator for 4+ hours. Slice and serve! It is best served warmed up with vanilla ice cream!
554. It’s okay. The rods aren’t very long so it feels like you are shoving the entire thing in your ear. It also came in a HUGE shopping box. I’m talking a shoe box big enough for a pair of winter boots. Total waste!
555. So far my husband loves this dental plaque remover. This is not going to take the place of your dental hygienist, but it will help maintain in between. My husband has crooked teeth so this helps.The instructions are pretty much non-existent, so that is huge minus when it comes to this product. You would basically have to figure it all out on your own.Overall the product seems to work, but time will tell. Just need to have better instructionsNOTE: Take off the flimsy rubber tips first.
556. I got these to wear to my chemo time. They are super soft around the eyes, they wrap around and velcro keeping the maximum amount of light out so I can sleep. I am so very happy I found these. My friend recommended a memory foam style and I never thought of it. So I was excited to buy them. Overall, great comfort, great sleep quality and very soft on eyes. I highly recommend these to anyone.
557. ☀ i received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. i was not influenced by anyone in any way.What I like most about this product is the long handle it has. I have issues with my arms. It hurts pretty bad when I'm trying to reach the middle of my back. This bath brush sure comes in handy for reaching that hard to reach area of my back. I use the small brush for my feet. Boy does that give a good massage on my feet. What a nice free gift that is added in. Then you can take the long handle off with ease and just use the bath brush to wash the rest of your body. Simple and easy as that.The box was damaged upon arrival. It was not by carrier because it was inside of a bigger box. But I would not discount. I just wanted to mention because my images shows the box and it's a little damaged at the end.You have the exfoliating body scrubber that you can choose from three different levels of scrubbing. Then massage out those toxins with it's built in massage therapy. As I get older, I find myself needing more of these items. Overall, these are nice, I don't really have any complaints as of now. If anything changes, I will be sure to come back for an update. Because I know it matters
558.  i received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. i was not influenced by anyone in any way of my opinion of this product.This exfoliating hand and back loofah has a soft terry cloth material, they are not too harsh. This back scrubber is about 2 inches shorter than the one I just got and about  12 inch less in width. The rope handle on this one is also thinner than one I just got, But these still do the job.I love fact that I can reach my back without hurting myself. Both of my rotary cuffs are ripped, so these really come in handy. These are great for both men, women and children. My grand daughter is 8yo and she likes to use them. These help take off the dead skin for better, cleaner skin. Taking off the dead skin also helps so you don't break out.Another great idea to use the back scrubber: Lotion. Can never get that middle part of your back? Just dad a little lotion in the middle and use the back scrubber to apply the lotion. I do this all the time.
559.  These are great for when your kids have their friends over to watch movies. They don't hold a whole lot but they hold just enough for the younger kids. They are durable, made of a think card stock, and the butter on the popcorn doesn't leak through.We used them on halloween night for just the 5 of us and we had a blast. We watch scary movies and ate popcorn out of them. Compared to the thin paper kind, these are much better.► I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
560.  This 5 piece eye make up took kit is actually pretty nice. The container it comes in is kind of just plain, would love to see a design on it, but the brushes work really well.I tried out each brush and none of the bristles fell out, they seem to be pretty durable., strong and made of good quality materialThese would make a great little gift to your wedding party girls. Give one set out to each of the girls in your wedding party. These would also be great for holiday present or birthday present. wrap a nice little bow on it. dress up the container with sequins. Overall, I would say this brush set is a good quality product for the priceI received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
561. If you're diabetic,  I wouldn't recommend these as these are very sweet. If you have sensitive teeth, I wouldn't recommend as it felt like I had a cavity.  Unfortunately I only took one bottle as I couldn't handle to sweetness. Very easy to chew, but not for me. I had lost alot of my hair after giving birth, I seen a little difference but not too much as I had to stop.
562. The product was used and had a QC test sticker on it.  That means someone had used the product and returned it
563. This is a great tissue at a great price. Buy I was very disappointed this time when it arrived all boxes crushed
564. Love these socks,they really work good . I ware them doing the day around the house
565. Thank you for the speedy delivery and most importantly a product that I can use. I will for sure be ordering more of these in the future and through you guys.
566. Fell apart the first time I used it....Very disappointed... had to throw it away...
567. High quality, works well for pain relief & support. A little uncomfortable but that's to be expected.
568. This thing is really cool. I got it for my messy fiancé and he is in love with it. The top secures amazingly which is the most important feature when you are clumsy and drop the container. It is super easy to clean as well.
569. It's very easy to use. And it wouldn't hurt your nose. It's can clean your nose very clearly. My husband likes it very much. You can try it.
570. I had previously left a 3 star review since I was able to get a smooth shave the first time I used it. I've always had trouble shaving intimate areas because of razor burn and ingrown hairs. I was very hesitant in purchasing this product because I've tried countless shavers, epilators, razors, you name it - I've probably tried it!I used this product ONE TIME and it was pretty cool that you use it wet, so I decided to try it out in the bathtub. It shaved very well, even though it was rather difficult reaching some places. Now, the aloe strips helped tremendously and I was quite pleased with the results. HOWEVER, after using this one time, the aloe strips were ruined and I couldn't use the shaver again because it caused horrible razor burn and didn't get nearly as close of a shave as before. There also isn't an option to purchase more aloe strips without having to buy a whole replacement head. I contacted customer service and sent pictures of the aloe strips and explained the situation. Long story short, they offered half my money back so I'd be stuck with a shaver I can't use and half of a refund - NO THANK YOU! I ended up returning the item. Don't waste your money on ONE GOOD SHAVE.
571. Where has this been all of my life?! This thing is awesome! I used it tonight for the first time and it got all of my blackheads. I first washed my face, then used a hot wash cloth to open my pores, then powered on the vacuum on the lowest speed and tada - nose, chin and forehead is smooth and soft. I recommend this to anyone who has larger pores andor trouble with blackheads. You don't need to spend tons of money on one of these, this one is decently priced and does the job effectively. Great purchase!
572. I have used this product for a little over a year. At first I really liked them. However, I started to have an ever increasing sense of doom and shortness of breath. I had pretty severe anxiety for about 3 months. One day, about 3 weeks ago, I ran out of these vitamins. I just didn't start a new bottle. My anxiety slowly reduced and is now all but gone. I haven't changed anything else so it had to be the vitamins.
573. I had high hopes for this as I suffer from neck pain that radiates up into my head at times. May be stress maybe misalignment. Not sure but it didn’t help me with my problem. It’s possible it needs to be used for a longer period of time to get any results but it’s very uncomfortable and a few times I felt  like it almost made it worse. Maybe it was just not  a good match for my problem but for my personal experience I cannot say it helped.
574. This is an updated review- these tissues have been improved greatly and now the lotion feel can be detected . Also a great buy being it’s cheaper than store bought. Not sure if it was a particular batch that was plain and not soft, though this time around they feel incredible. I’m repurchasing.
575. The value for the money is very good though the freshness not as intense as I would like.- maybe because Marjoram is not as strong as Oregano. I’ve had some good experience with this company and will purchase from them again.
576. Both work fine - the thinning scissors helpful
577. This made my skin feel so smooth and look so clear.
578. This brush had my face feeling so clean and my pores were smaller!!!!! Unfortunately my kids got to it and destroyed it so I’ll be buying another one soon! Note to self: keep out of reach if children!
579. Great package fit on nightstand and cat
580. Great product and quality. Purchased as gift- they loved them. Love the colored tips.
581. I used these inserts to reduce the volume on a shoe that had a bit too much room in the toebox.  I followed the included directions cutting the insert to size and then used a hair dryer to heat mold them inside the shoes (be careful if doing this on shoes with plastic parts, the ones I was using them in were leather so molding them in place wasn't a concern).  After molding they fit and feel great.. recommended!
582. These gloves are really cute, I love the pink fingertips.. and both the flocked and unflocked pairs are very easy to slide on and comfortable.  The sizing does run a bit large though, you might consider sizing down if you are between sizes.Unfortunately, the unflocked pair of these gloves has pretty poor puncture resistance compared to the gloves I usually use (Playtex nitrile).  My fingernails punched through the unflocked pair the second time I used them and I wasn't being particularly rough with them.The  extra material in the flocked pair seems to offer better durability but I prefer the feel and dexterity of the unflocked pair.
583. It did a nice enough job
584. This cushion is great and is made out of the same great material developed by Purple for their Purple Bed. I recommend their cushion as much as I recommend their bed.This cushion measures 18&#34;x16&#34;. It is perfect for smaller chairs in the kitchen or smaller computer chairs. I personally am using mine in my car (Dodge Durango) for comfort. I find that is is quite comfortable but I wish it was a little bit bigger. I would recommend if you are using this for a bigger computer chair or vehicle seat, get the cushion that is the next size up which would be The Ultimate Purple Cushion.Dimensions are 18&#34;x16&#34;x2&#34; inside of the included washable cover.Pros:*Really comfortable for 4-8 hours of sitting*Doesn't smell*Included coverCons:*Kind of small, made more for smaller chairs (-12 a star)Additional Considerations:Take a look at the purple bed and the other cushions they are great. They also have a new kickstarter out for their purple pillow which I expect will also be great.Overall: 4.55 stars (&#62;=.5 rounds up, &#60;.5 rounds down) =&#62; 5 starsIf you have any further questions regarding the product in my review please leave a comment below and I will get back to you as soon as possible.
585. These are high quality glasses, well made, frame has rounded edges which makes it easier on the user.  Professionally enclosed in its own zipped box.However the lenses aren't really tinted yellow.  A slight faint hint of yellowish and that's all, just as pictured.  Therefore the UV protection is minimal, and I can view the blue light for example, on my USB hub clearly.  By comparison, my Uvex glasses (not readers) with distinct yellow tinted lenses block most of blue light so when I'm looking on the power button on my laptop wearing Uvex, I don't see it as blue.I was hoping that having these readers will allow me to eliminate Uvex but no such luck.  For now am stuck with having to wear both at the same time, and this is no fun plus more pressure on the ears, let alone having to constantly readjust.  But will keep the readers and will have to pay a visit to a local optometrist to have the lenses replaced with the yellow tinted ones.
586. I was super excited to receive this for my sunglasses. That was until I actually opened it up. Very poorly made and lacks quality craftsmanship. Would love to see additional features such as better screws, magnetic tips that work, and good handles on screw drivers.
587. I love them so much.I have given some away and ordered more!Both orders came exactly the way I ordered them... Saturday my second orderI ordered them alone were packed 2 pks in a plastic bag with a tie and then in a strong Amazon shipping bag .Perfect Thanks for the Best product everI am struggling with this Diabetes and I am having gastric bypass surgery and how I eat is very important to me! Those bags have become a part of my daily eating regime... Thanks for making my life better
588. Hard to tell if supplements are performing well, but I certainly don’t feel any negative effects!
589. Frankly, we like this product. It does not leak all the soap out as the 3M product did, and it cleans the dishes just fine. The problem is that the sponge head comes loose from the plastic base that holds it on the handle. The first one came off in about a week or so, and now the second one has done the same. The seller is willing to send me a new set and have me return the old set, but unfortunately, the UPS store here is not a regular store, and I would need to go 90 miles to a full-service UPS store. I will see what alternatives the seller and amazon offer. Frankly, this is a bummer since the product is head and shoulders better than our previous 3M ones if only it would stay glued together.
590. They do not fizz at all. Not a good scent either
591. The price on these is too high. They work somewhat as intended but are more likely to be worth about $2.
592. I purchased this because I recently started taking online classes again and I will be spending more time in my desk chair. Poor body mechanics can cause back pain, breakdown of joints etc. This cushion was just what I needed to help me obtain good posture and prevent a sore booty.
593. Cats in the microwave,  cats in the fridge. Got this as a joke because it turns out my real cat is terrified of a hot water bottle. Jokingly got this as a "maybe if he thinks its another cat" it will be ok. Turned out to be non scary to real cats and the cutest hot water bottle imaginable.
594. Same stuff I used when I was young!
595. Just right shape for shoulders, and it holds heat well
596. Seems to be working fine.  No side effects.
597. Oh my gawdddd. This is an amazing item. By far the best one I've every owed. And I've lost a lot so I always have to buy more.
598. Felt great on scalp! Would definitely recommend
599. Easy to use and wash nicely. Love having the supply of these to grab and go.
600. I have reordered many times, fast shipping and comfortable.
601. Bought to use around the house to keep mice away
602. the worst razor I have ever tried. This unit would not cut peach fuzz. Would NEVER buy from this outfit again
603. Daughter updated her room and these look great on her dresser!
604. Best product ever created. I walk around and clean my walls like a psychopath but it does an amazing job on everything I love it definitely ordering more.
605. Smell is very strong. Read the label because it needs mixed differently for different uses  Does get rid of pet odors
606. Good sturdy basket really holds up well i just went food shopping and help up like I couldn’t believe it.Only con is instructions are a little poor so i cant take it on off my scooter like its supposed toBut all in all glad i have it and not a closed up bag where i have to fumble to get things!
607. I was surprised how well this cleaned.  Removed grease  from places I had trouble with before. Would love if it was a little larger, still, works wonders if you add a bit of cleaner or viviparous to sponge.  If you have reactions to cleanser because of odor or chemicals this is a must have.
608. It really tastes very good. And being a sugar free does it for me.A bit expensive, but staying healthy is expensive.Will buy again.
609. delicious.I have to watch a sugar lever.This is just perfect.I blend it with unsweetened milk.It tastes like a milk shake witha flavor.
610. This is an excellent hair styling tool! My hair is difficult to have lasting curlswaves! But, with this my hair style lasts for at least two days;I definitely recommend this one!I give it two Big Thumbs up!!
611. My optician recommended this brand for my hybrid contact lenses. I have used it for about 5 years without any problem. I did once try to Hydroglide option but was unable to use it. It left a sticky residue on my lenses and actually decreased my wearing time. But we are all different, so I would suggest that you confer with your practitioner before choosing any particular brand or formula.
612. I have 3 Verilux lamps, including this one, so that I can use them at my piano, reading chair, and at bedside.  These are sturdy lamps with a nice clean design and a variety of colors to compliment any decor. My favorite is the ivory.  I have presbyopia and early cataracts, so can benefit greatly from higher contrast in reading and needlework. These lamps are beyond meeting my expectations.  Whereas, I used to have a lot of eye fatigue and got sleepy while reading at night, this is no longer the case. The black print appears darker, sharper-- as if I'd up-graded my glass prescription. I find that I have sufficient spread of light for reading an average newspaper page. Even the newspaper stock quote pages are now readable, whereas this isn't the case otherwise.  I also do a lot of watercolor painting and needlepoint. It is a treat to be able to work into the evening while being confident that my color mixes are true.  Here is an amusing side note which supports that the light approximates daylight......My elderly cat, who enjoys a daily bath in outdoor sunlight, sometimes substitutes the Verilux lamp light for his "spa" when the weather is bad! It can't be the heat that he is drawn to-- as little is given off.  I can appreciate some reviewers' observations that the quality of the light is perhaps "overly white." Yet, the lamp is not intended for ambient lighting but rather for a small task area.  The light bulbs are not pricey when you consider that they last for 5 years and are, thus, an average cost of $4. a year. Also, they use less than 15 of the electricity of a traditional 150 watt reading light.  If making a decision to purchase this lamp, I would suggest that you base it upon your need or wish to have better clarity in visual work at night. It is not intended to add daylight to a room.  There are many cheaper Verilux look-alikes, but I wouldn't recommend these. There are serious complaintsthat these fall apart in a year or two-- or fail to work from the beginning.
613. the band that holds the glasses could be stronger
614. nice to have the different sizes, it does crumble a pill with a heavy coating but you can't stop that. the blade could be a little stronger.
615. My dear old husband has such thin skin, he gets little cracks on his fingertips.  These have been a real help.
616. I love using it because it is the perfect firmness for a bath body brush.  Firm enough for exfoliating and soft enough not to scratch.  Why only 3 stars?  It starts shedding bristles pretty quick, still usable for awhile- but then the plastic sheet that holds the bristles comes apart in pieces, then not usable any more.I did buy a second one, hoping it lasts longer than a couple months.
617. How much do I like this?  I have two big, oily, elderly Labradors and they sleep in my room.  Although I am immune to the doggie smell, others are not and had commented on it.  I run this in my room all day, turn off at night.  It rendered my room doggie-smell free.I'm buying another for the kitchen.  If it works as well there I'll try in the camper, too.
618. These are pretty large pill boxes. I can carry a week's worth of pills in one of the boxes. The plastic is pretty good quality. Latch is not fancy, but feels secure enough.
619. These insoles are made from EVA. They are not as durable and give less cushioning than insoles made from polyurethane. The insoles I received were much larger than my shoes, so I had to trim them down which is a hassle compared to insoles that are properly sized.
620. So refreshing! It makes you feel exceptionally clean!
621. I have loved this for years, but the stores quit carrying it.They also changed the wrapper from black to white, so I did not recognize it when it was around.It's fat free and quite delicious, not like any other I have tried.I came here looking for this, because it really is my favorite, and was thrilled to be able to stock up. The six bottles arrived quickly and were carefully packed and double-boxed.
622. Overall it's not bad! I have had better tasting types of hydration packets or powders (See: Nuun). I think that while the salt count is fairly low compared to other brands, the saltiness stands out more with this brand. Overall it does what it needs to do and I feel equally as good after my runs as I do with other brands. I think, based on price alone, I would purchase again since this brand appears to be slightly cheaper than other brands for the quantity offered. overall i would give a 7.5 out of 10.
623. The bottle is hard to get intoWhen you finally get the patch it is thin, bunches up and you cant separate it on skin when bunched upI should have not wasted the moneyPinched sciatic  nerves are miserable but patches you cant maneuver alone make it worse
624. As of now I don't like this at all, I mean, I liked the design and the price but it got moldy in just 3 days. I cleaned up the mold (soaked in vinegar) and the next day it got moldy again, the brush itself turned black. It does not lay in water, I hang it.I chose to give it the benefit of the doubt and ordered a replacement, maybe I just got a bad one.
625. I didn't know how much dead skin I had until I used it so much dead skin came out, and easily. After a few minutes it was like I have new feet.I didn't try the nail part completely yet but I did polish the nails and they came out great :)This is a great buy
626. Yes, it does say mini, but come on, is extra mini for a high price. I was not happy seeing that little box. Yes I know I should have read the size but not everyone does that every time and the pictures are misleading.
627. Great Little pill boxorganizer, it's small but yet again it very big. The slots are big enough to hold at least 5 big pill, I have in one of the slots 3 big and 1 small and still have a lot of space.I received this item for a discount or free in exchanged for my honest unbiased review. I am in no way obligated to give a good review. I am a regular reviewer and have given both positive and negative reviews ONLY AFTER using the product enough to have an initial review and I when necessary have come back to change reviews after using them for a while. In short: this review would be the same even if bought for full price.
628. not what i taught its in the garbage after 3 weeks
629. I don't know why they would make a brush so soft. It's very cute but useless.
630. This product smells great! It is very relaxing and it spreads throughout the house! I got this product with a discount.
631. I tried to remove baked on gunk on my cookie sheets but not very successful. These fell apart after use with a little elbow grease. Won't buy again
632. Very classy-looking and versatile!
633. Looks great but they are always sliding around and I have to put them in place constantly.
634. LOVE anything that gets me out of the bathroom quicker. Allergic to most cleansers and while I still have to use them with this, I'm not up close and personal and I'm done a lot quicker.
635. PROS1. The taste is typical of wheatgrass—a bit grassy. Wheatgrass powder is not bitter like barley grass powder, and for that reason, I much prefer it.2. The product is fresh.3. It is third-party lab tested for impurities.4. It contains no fillers, preservatives or artificial colors.5. It is manufactured at a GMP facility.6. It is not irradiated.7. It is made from whole leaves of wheat grass.8. It is grown from non-GMO wheat.9. It comes with a 30-day, satisfaction-guaranteed warranty.10. It does NOT come in a thick, plastic container! (Which, unfortunately, far too many other brands do, such as Amazing Grass, Biotech Nutritions, Triquetra Health, and Naturelo.)CONS1. Other brands of similar cost are organic. If you would prefer an organic brand that does not come in a plastic container, one possibility is Pride Of India Organic Wheatgrass Powder 8 oz.
636. PROS1. Vegan, with no gelatin.2. Tastes good, fresh and chewy.3. Moderate price range.4. No iron.5. Contains iodine, which is important for thyroid health.CONS1. This is a basic, gummy, adult multivitamin. You can obtain a very similar, generic version through your local big box store for about one-third the price of this product.
637. PROS1. Delicious taste.2. Excellent ingredients.3. Vegan, with no gelatin.4. Less sticky than candy gummies (but you still need to thoroughly brush your teeth after chewing these).5. At a dose of 1000 IU per gummy, you can easily titrate your dosage to a preferred dose (see below).CONS1. This is an extremely expensive way to take vitamin D3. However, the price of these gummy vitamins is fairly typical. All gummy vitamins are exorbitantly expensive. I typically use gel capsule versions of D3 from either Solgar, Jarrow, Viva or Life Extension, which is much cheaper than these gummies.GENERAL INFORMATION ON VITAMIN D3Vitamin D3 is the most bioavailable form of vitamin D, which is well known by both alternative and mainstream medical practitioners to have bone-protective properties. There are varying opinions on how much D3 to take. As you can see, this product has 1000 IU per gummy. My own alternative healthcare provider has vacillated over the years between recommending a dose of 1000 IU per day, to 2000 IU, to up to 5000 IU. I personally take between 1000-5000 IU per day depending on the time of year.If you are concerned about a possible danger of overdose of vitamin D, note that the body itself produces up to 20,000 IU of vitamin D after just 20 minutes of unprotected sun exposure in the summer, with no ill effects. However, for those embarking on a dosage of more than 1000 IU daily, if you wish to be extremely careful, and you have money to burn (because your insurance won’t pay for it), you can do it under a doctor's supervision. You do this by having the doctor regularly test your blood levels of vitamin D by ordering the 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test, abbreviated as "25(OH)D." This is touted as the most reliable test of vitamin D status. Optimal levels of vitamin D in the blood range between 50 and 70 ngmL.Of course, if you are willing to allow yourself a few minutes of sun exposure in the summer, you can get all the vitamin D you need that way during that time of year. However, in the winter, the angle of the sun is such that if you don't live quite near the equator, the body produces inadequate vitamin D when exposed to the sun--not to mention that very little of the skin is exposed to the sun when it is severely cold outside.Research has discovered that Americans as a whole are dangerously deficient in vitamin D, especially during winter months. The body's ability to produce vitamin D naturally also declines with age.In addition to its well-known benefit of protecting bones, vitamin D encourages the body to produce substances called cathelicidins which destroy viruses, bacteria, and other microbes, which is why vitamin D increases resistance to colds and flu. Research has shown that people who take cod liver oil, which is high in vitamin D, lower their risk for respiratory infections of all kinds. (Apparently this 19th Century cure-all actually was a viable home remedy.)The risks associated with suboptimal blood levels of vitamin D are many, including: high blood pressure, increased cancer risk, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and obesity. The benefits of supplementation and the risks of deficiencies of vitamin D increase as we age. In particular, in senior citizens vitamin D deficiency is linked with generalized bodily weakness, an increased possibility of developing macular degeneration, and a 2.5 times greater risk of death. In contrast, research has indicated that supplementing with vitamin D decreases the risk of developing cancer of the colon, lungs, and breast. It also improves balance in old people--which is a great thing since older people are at substantial risk of death from a fall. It also improves mood, and as such is a natural treatment for depression (it is well known that depression rates increase in winter due to lesser amounts of sunlight). Studies have shown vitamin D improves symptoms of all kinds of autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis, and that it can relieve the pain of fibromyalgia.During flu season, vitamin D3 can help keep you from getting sick or lessen the duration of bouts of colds, sore throats or flu. My healthcare provider recommended to me taking as much as 10,000 IU on a day I begin to get a cold or flu. I've been on this supplement for years, along with 2000 IU of vitamin C daily, and haven't had a cold or flu since.There have been many, many scientific studies on the health benefits of vitamin D3 over the years. Below is just a tiny sample.REFERENCESMarwaha, R., et al. Interventions for prevention and control of epidemic of vitamin D deficiency. Indian J Pediatr. 2019 Jun;86(6):532-537.Putman, M., et al. A randomized clinical trial of vitamin D supplementation in healthy adolescents. J Adolesc Health. 2013 May;52(5):592-8.Salehpour, A., et al. A 12-week double-blind randomized clinical trial of vitamin D3 supplementation on body fat mass in healthy overweight and obese women. Nutr J. 2012;11:78.
638. PROS1. Plenty of different strains of beneficial bacteria in adequate amounts.CONS1. These supplements do not have an enteric coating in order to allow the probiotic bacteria to reach the colon alive.2. This product is not listed on the company’s website, though it is promoted on their Facebook page.3. Intestinal Fortitude (IF) was founded about eight years ago in Williamsburg, Virginia. It is a very small company whose supplements, including this one, are undoubtedly produced by a much larger company, which specializes in manufacturing supplements. Unfortunately, IF has not openly disclosed on its website the name of the manufacturer of its products, including this one.4. IF states on its website that their ingredients are sourced from around the world, though their supplements are bottled in the USA.
639. Active Ingredients: Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. Shermanii, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Bifidobacterium lactis, FOS and acacia fiber.Other Ingredients: Proprietary probiotic blend, proprietary prebiotic blend, proprietary postbiotic blend, rice fiber, NGProbiome Advanced Probiotic Technology (capsule, prebiotic blend, postbiotic blend), pectin, cellulose.PROS OF THIS PRODUCT1. This product contains 8 billion CFUs per a 2-capsule serving. CFU stands for colony forming units. It is a scientific term of measurement of viable probiotic cells. As a general rule, 1 billion CFUs is the minimum dose a probiotic supplement should contain because the recommended daily dose for both children and adults is between 1-10 billion CFUs. The manufacturer’s recommended dose of 2 capsules per day (making 60 capsules a one-month supply) for this supplement is well within that recommended range for a daily dose. In fact, you could easily get by with taking only 1 of these capsules per day, which would make this product last for two months.2. This product contains a combination of four different probiotic strains. (See below for information on these probiotics.)3. This product contains the well known and well studied prebiotics, FOS and acacia fiber, which feed the healthy bacteria included in this supplement.4. This product is described as having NGProbiome® delivery technology. It is billed as being a type of enteric coating (see Kapoor and Long below on the importance of enteric coating) which is acid resistant and pH sensitive. This is crucial, because otherwise stomach acid would simply wipe out all the expensive, healthy bacteria in this product.5. This product is vegan.6. According to the website for this company, Etana Beauty is located in Orange, California. Their extremely bare-bones website states that they primarily deal in cosmetics, and yet there are only two products listed for sale on their site, this one and a combo supplement of D3 + K2. There is no information on the company itself other than their address, phone number and email. While they are on Facebook and YouTube, the company is not listed with the Better Business Bureau or Dun & Bradstreet. There is no way to know for sure where and how their products are manufactured just looking at their website. However, I did find one useful clue in the description of this product—the “NGProbiome® delivery technology” for the enteric coating of these capsules—that ultimately led me to the actual manufacturer of this product. The company that created this “technology” is Natura-Genics Labs (NGL). NGL is listed with Dun & Bradstreet, but it is not listed with the Better Business Bureau. NGL specialize in probiotics. It is located in Chino, California and advertises itself as a source for any small, nutraceutical company, such as Etana Beauty, to purchase probiotics from NGL. This involves NGL putting that company’s name on the product label. NGL has scientists on staff and appears to manufacture all its probiotics at their facility in California. They are a member of the Natural Products Association, and they are certified CCOF (California Certified Organic Farmers), GMP, USDA organic, Kosher, and non-GMO. The company websites states it has been in business for two decades. It is listed as a government contractor on the USA Opps website, under the categories of Medicinal and Botanical Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing, and Miscellaneous Food Manufacturing.CONS OF THIS PRODUCT1. Natura-Genics, Inc. was sued in July, 2016, by the Environmental Research Center, as Green Wealth, Inc. dba Natura-Genics, pursuant to alleged violation of California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 AKA Proposition 65, for non-permissible amounts of lead in all of their products. Like many other food and supplement products manufactured in California, they were required to put a warning label on all their products. It wasn’t clear from the court filing exactly how much lead the products supposedly contain or what the source of the lead might be.AN ALTERNATIVE TO EXPENSIVE PROBIOTICS LIKE THIS ONEHundreds of scientific studies (see: Tomova, Glick-Bauer, and Salonen below) have revealed that the most powerful way one can enhance the beneficial bacteria in the colon is not by taking a supplement such as this one. It is to avoid animal products and become a vegan, or at the very least a vegetarian. Animal products, especially red meat, have a well documented toxic effect on the colon, in particular, increasing the risk of colon cancer. (See Aykan and Vulcan below.) In addition, non-organic meat products are laced with antibiotics, which act to kill off the beneficial flora in the colon. (See Martin below.) In contrast, a diet filled with an abundance of high-fiber fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes has an extremely healthy impact on the colon.The purpose of taking probiotics is to, hopefully, promote the healthy functioning of beneficial bacteria within the colon, which are collectively called the “microbiome” or “microbiota” or “microflora.” The microflora in the colon have a primary task of fermentation, which is the enzymatic decomposition and utilization of carbohydrates, particularly dietary fiber. (See Williams below.) During the process of fermenting fiber, these microflora release short-chain fatty acids (SCFA), such as acetate, propionate, and butyrate, and also bacteriocins. (See Silva below.) SCFA serve multiple important functions: (a) They are a major source of energy for colon cells. (b) Along with the above mentioned bacteriocins, they provide an antibacterial function, which stabilizes the normal, healthy microflora population in the colon by preventing the implantation of pathogens in the walls of the colon. (c) They play a key role in the regulation of the neuro-immuno-endocrine system. Research has indicated that the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system are anatomically and functionally interconnected. What affects one system also affects the other two when their homeostasis (a healthy state of stability and proper function) is disturbed by inflammation, stress, or infection. When the microflora in the colon are operating at peak efficiency, producing adequate SCFA, then the healthy functioning of the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system is enhanced. But in the reverse, if the microflora in the colon are not efficiently producing SCFA, then those three crucial systems in the body are negatively impacted.EXPLANATION OF PROBIOTICS INCLUDED IN THIS SUPPLEMENTPropionibacterium freudenreichii: This bacterium is typically used in the production of cheese, in particular Swiss cheese. It is commonly found in dairy products and has also been extracted from soil. There has been some recent scientific research into its use in probiotics.Lactobacillus acidophilus (L. Acidophilus). This beneficial bacteria creates lactic acid by breaking down carbohydrates, particularly the lactose in milk. Lactobacilli grow well in milk and foods made from milk. This bacteria serves much the same function as the enzyme lactase.Lactobacillus paracasei (L. paracasei): During the past decade, research has indicated that L. paracasei is a bacterium that has probiotic properties, mainly due to the fact that it is a normal constituent of the human gut microbiota. Researchers have found it useful in treating ulcerative colitis, leaky gut, inflammation, and dementia.Bifidobacterium lactis (B. lactis). Bifidobacterium lactis and Bifidobacterium animalis used to be scientifically designated as two distinct species. Presently, however, both are considered to be B. animalis. Currently, probiotic companies have not caught up with this development and are still listing this bacterium as B. lactis on their product labels.RESEARCHAhmed, Z., et al. Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteriocin, from production to their application: An overview. African J. Biotechnol. 2010;9(20).Aykan, N. Red Meat and Colorectal Cancer. Oncol Rev. 2015 Feb 10;9(1):288.do Carmo, F., et al. Propionibacterium freudenreichii surface protein SlpB is involved in adhesion to intestinal HT-29 cells. Front. Microbiol. 2017 Jun 8; 8:1033.Durchschein, F., et al.  (2016). Diet therapy for inflammatory bowel diseases: the established and the new. World J Gastroenterol. 2016 Feb 21;22(7):2179–94.Glick-Bauer, M., et al. The health advantage of a vegan diet: exploring the gut microbiota connection. Nutrients. 2014;(6):4822–38.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.Martin, O., et al. Antibiotic suppression of intestinal microbiota reduces heme-induced lipoperoxidation associated with colon carcinogenesis in rats. Nutr Cancer. 2015;67(1):119-125.Miller, L., et al. Effect of Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis HN019 on cellular immune function in healthy elderly subjects: systematic review and meta-analysis. Nutrients. 2017;9(3):191.Salonen, A., et al. Impact of diet on human intestinal microbiota and health. Annu Rev Food Sci Technol. 2014; (5):239–62.Silva, Y., et al. The Role of Short-Chain Fatty Acids From Gut Microbiota in Gut-Brain Communication. Front. Endocrinol. 2020 Jan 31.Tomova, A., et al. The Effects of Vegetarian and Vegan Diets on Gut Microbiota. Front. Nutr. 2019 Apr 17.Vulcan, A., et al. Intake of different types of red meat, poultry, and fish and incident colorectal cancer in women and men: results from the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study. Food Nutr Res. 2017 Jul 18;61(1):1341810.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
640. I realize that the seller, in all honesty, advertises these earplugs as being disposable. That is, the seller recommends that the buyer use these ear plugs once only, and then throw them away. This is a fairly expensive way to use earplugs, and also rather inconvenient, because it means you need to keep regularly purchasing more of them. Personally, I have found, as is the case for other foam ear plugs I have used over the years, that these ear plugs can be washed and reused multiple times before they start to crack. Only then, in my opinion, is it truly necessary to discard them. I have attached a photo to show what it looks like when they crack.I make it a point, when washing these ear plugs with soap and water, to rinse them well, then pat and squeeze them thoroughly with a towel and let them air dry for at least 24 hours before using them again.Unlike other similar quality earplugs I own, when I wash these, they expand and get bigger. Fortunately, though, they don't seem to fit any tighter or more uncomfortably because of that expansion. I have attached a photo with a picture of one of these earplugs when new side-by-side with one that has been washed, as well as two other brands of earplugs I use that do not expand at all when washed and last a whole lot longer than these do over time.These aren't the least expensive ear plugs I have ever purchased, but they are reasonably priced for what is on offer.
641. Ingredients: Amylase, Protease I, Protease II, Lipase, Lactase, Cellulase, Maltase, Invertase. Cellulose (capsule), rice flour and magnesium silicate.Pros:1. This supplement is advertised to be vegan. The capsule is probably vegan because the ingredient cellulose is listed.2. This supplement is advertised as being manufactured in a facility that is compliant with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP).3. LionHeart states that they “test the potency of each ingredient that goes into [their] products.” Presumably, consumers are to assume that this phrase means this supplement is third-party tested. However, no mention is made here on this product page or on LionHeart’s website as to who that third party might be.4. The seller offers a money back guarantee.Cons:1. No information is provided by LionHeart as to whether this supplement is produced in an FDA-registered facility.2. On the LionHeart website, no address is provided for the headquarters of this company. No information is provided as to the country of origin of the ingredients of this or any of their supplements, or the country where their supplements are manufactured, or from what country they are distributed. LionHeart Supplements is not listed on Dun & Bradstreet. They are not listed with the Better Business Bureau. The only place I could find them listed is on the Justia website, a legal entity through which they have registered a number of trademarks. However, Justia provides no information to the general public as to a US street address for the corporate headquarters of LionHeart.3. LionHeart has no proven track record. It seems to be a very new company, because on their website they list only six different supplements as their entire product line. So far, they specialize in digestive support.4. No information is provided, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, as to the particular plant sources of this enzyme supplement, which the company advertises as being vegan.5. No mention is made, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, that there is enteric coating on these capsules. Given the fact that this would be a huge selling point, that omission seems to be prima facie evidence that this supplement has no enteric coating. An enteric coating is a polymer coating which acts to protect medications and supplements, in this case, enzymes, from stomach acid, which destroys them (See: Kapoor and Long below). An enteric coating allows enzymes to survive stomach acid and arrive undamaged in the less acidic environment (above pH 5.0) of the small intestine. At that point, the enteric coating becomes water soluble and swells, thereby safely releasing enzymes to begin to work.There are two main ways to obtain supplemental digestive enzymes:1. Doctor prescription. For patients who have a diagnosed disease, such as cystic fibrosis, Shwachman-Diamond syndrome, deficiencies in pancreatic enzymes, chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer or tumors, removal of all or part of the pancreas, celiac disease, and Crohn's disease, a doctor can prescribe a pancreatic enzyme product (PEP). There are over 50 different PEPs on the market. A few examples include: Creon, Ku-Zyme, Kutrase, Dygase, Lipram, Palcaps and Zenpep. Most contain “pancrelipase,” a mixture of the digestive enzymes amylase, lipase, and protease. These prescription enzymes are always enteric coated. However, unfortunately, they are NOT vegan. They are virtually always made from the pancreases of pigs. In addition, they are regulated and approved by the FDA.2. Over-the-counter. OTC digestive enzyme supplements, such as this product, are widely available. They are not medications and are not regulated by the FDA. Unless the manufacturer explains how they are derived, these enzymes may be, as is the case with PEP, derived from animal pancreases, usually from pigs, cows, or lambs. In the past, before I did this research, I never checked to make sure that the digestive-enzyme supplements I purchased had enteric coating. But I certainly will be looking for that from now on. Without it, digestive enzymes become a useless waste of time and money.EXPLANATION OF INGREDIENTSAmylase. This is a type of digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the human salivary glands and pancreas. It converts starch (a type of carbohydrate) into simple sugars, such as the disaccharide, maltose.Cellulase. Humans do not produce the enzyme cellulase in their bodies and can only partially break down cellulose (dietary fiber) through the process of fermentation in the colon (AKA large intestine AKA large bowel). Fermentation is the decomposition and utilization of cellulose by microflora (intestinal bacteria). In nature, cellulase is produced chiefly by bacteria, fungi, and protozoans. It breaks down cellulose into simple sugars such as monosaccharides, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. All plant foods, including fruits, vegetables, grains, beans, nuts and seeds, contain varying degrees of cellulose, sometimes as much as 50%. The processed food industry frequently utilizes powdered cellulose for its anti-caking effects. This enzyme supplement is the first one I have seen which includes cellulase. Usually consumers purchase probiotics in order to aid the fermentation of cellulose in the colon.Invertase. This is a digestive enzyme categorized as a sucrase enzyme because it breaks down sucrose (table sugar) into fructose and glucose. In human saliva, invertase is produced by the bacteria Streptococcus mutans, which is also the main bacteria responsible for creating plaque on the teeth and causing almost 70% of all cavities. Besides the invertase present in saliva, another type of sucrase enzyme, sucrase-isomaltase, is naturally created in the small intestine. Invertase is produced commercially from various species of fungus, most especially baker's yeast (AKA brewer’s yeast), whose chemical name is Saccharomyces cerevisiae (AKA S. cerevisiae). Invertase is most frequently commercially employed to manufacture inverted sugar syrup (AKA inverted syrup AKA invert sugar AKA artificial honey). Corn syrup is a typical example of an inverted sugar syrup. In nature, honeybees produce invertase as a means to break down sucrose into honey, which is almost totally made up of inverted sugar syrup. This particular supplement is the first time I’ve ever personally seen invertase included in a nutritional supplement.Lactase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine of some, but not all, humans. It converts lactose (milk sugar) into glucose and galactose. People who do not naturally produce this enzyme are described as “lactose intolerant.”Lipase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the cells of the tongue and in the pancreas. It converts fats (triglycerides) into monoglyceride fatty acids.Maltase; This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine. It converts maltose into the simple sugar glucose. This enzyme is found in plants, bacteria, and yeast.Protease. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the pancreas and small intestine. It converts protein into smaller protein units, such as peptides and amino acids.Rice Four and Magnesium Silicate. These are flow agents, which are inert ingredients. Another typical flow agent is microcrystalline cellulose. Flow agents are used in pharmaceutical drugs and nutritional supplements to ensure a consistently homogenous mix and also to prevent powdered therapeutic ingredients from clinging to encapsulating equipment in a manufacturing facility. Both of these things help to ensure quality control, such that the amount of the advertised active ingredients of the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical is the same from capsule to capsule.REFERENCESIaniro,, G. Digestive Enzyme Supplementation in Gastrointestinal Diseases. Curr Drug Metab. 2016 Feb;17(2): 187–193.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Kulshrestha, S., et al. Invertase and its applications – a brief review. J Phar Res. 2013 Sep 1;(7):792-797.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.McCabe, M., et al. Invertase activity in Streptococcus mutans and Streptococcus sanguis. Archives of Oral Biology. 1973 Apr;(18)(4):525-531.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
642. I have owned many different pill cutters over the years, and this is the best one I’ve ever used, by far. It is constructed of medical-grade, BPA-free plastic, and its stainless-steel blade is thin and sharp. This allows it to cut pills in half without turning them into crumbs and dust, which happens all too often when such blades are too wide and too dull.It is typical for pill cutters to have a V-shape for holding pills of various sizes in place, so that is not in itself a unique feature. However, what is a new feature, to me at least, is that this pill cutter provides a highly visible, painted line running down the center of the V space. This mark allows the user to accurately position pills which contain an indented, break line in their center, such that this break line is in alignment with the cutter’s blade. This makes it additionally likely that this particular type of pill will be split cleanly in half, with no wasted crumbs.This pill cutter is conveniently larger than any other pill cutter I’ve owned, which are usually about 1-inch x 2.5-inch in size. This one is 1.5-inch x 3.5-inch, making it easier to handle for anyone who suffers from arthritis.Finally, as an extra little plus, this handy device is surprisingly attractive due to its sleek design and the fact that it is a pleasing, aqua color.All in all, I find this to be an excellent product that I would not hesitate to recommend to family or friends.
643. QGel is made in the USA but, unfortunately, it contains gelatin, which is not vegetarian or vegan. It is manufactured in a certified Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) facility and is laboratory tested and approved for guaranteed potency and purity.This supplement indicates that it contains both vitamin E as alpha tocopherol and CoQ10 AKA ubidecarenone AKA ubiquinone. CoQ10 is a biologically active compound similar in its chemical structure to vitamins K and E. Research has indicated that CoQ10 and vitamin E work synergistically as powerful antioxidants, exponentially multiplying the positive benefits of each. (See reference below.)This supplement also includes lecithin, which additionally helps improve the bioavailability of CoQ10. (See reference below.)CoQ10 is particularly well known for its function within cells in the mitochondrial adenosine triphosphate (ATP) cascade, a crucial aspect of energy production within the body. Because cellular functions are dependent on an adequate supply of ATP, CoQ10 is crucial to the maintenance of health in virtually all tissues and organs in the human body. (See reference below.)CoQ10 is of particular benefit for cardiovascular health, especially for heart patients who have been prescribed statins, which have long been known to dangerously decrease levels of CoQ10 in the body. Symptoms of low levels of CoQ10 due to statins can include: muscle weakness and fatigue, high blood pressure, and mental fog. In the extreme, symptoms can include chest pain, heart failure, and seizures.CoQ10 has also been found helpful in the treatment of chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia, no doubt because of its raising of ATP levels in the body, as described above.Research has found that selenium makes an important contribution to the body's processing of CoQ10 in that it is required in order for the body to fully utilize CoQ10. (See reference below.) However, selenium is not included in this supplement. Therefore, it is a good idea for anyone hoping to maximize absorption of a CoQ10 supplement such as this one to add a selenium supplement to their nutraceutical regimen.Because it is fat-soluble, it is recommended to ingest CoQ10 with a meal that contains fat and to take it at a dose of 30-200 mg per day. The dosage of this supplement is 100 mg per each softgel. That is a pretty standard dosage for persons such as myself who take it to promote good health and not for a specific health condition.RELEVANT RESEARCHAlehagen U, et al. Still reduced cardiovascular mortality 12 years after supplementation with selenium and coenzyme Q10 for four years: A validation of previous 10-year follow-up results of a prospective randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial in elderly. PLoS One. 2018 Apr 11;13(4):e0193120.Saini, R. Coenzyme Q10: The essential nutrient. J Pharm Bioallied Sci. 2011 Jul-Sep; 3(3): 466–467.Xing, L, et al. Cosupplementation with vitamin E and coenzyme Q10 reduces circulating markers of inflammation in baboons. Am J Clin Nutr. 2004 Sep; 80(3): 649–655.Zhou H, et al. Improvement of the oral bioavailability of coenzyme Q10 with lecithin nanocapsules. J Nanosci Nanotechnol. 2013 Jan;13(1):706-10.
644. Barley grass has been well known as a superfood for at least 30 years, which is when I was first introduced to it and began taking it. Some of the well documented health benefits of barley grass include:--It is a source of high quality protein, vitamins and minerals.--It is filled with chlorophyll, which is a powerful antioxidant. As such, it is very helpful in controlling or preventing many diseases, due to enhancing immune function. Some of these diseases include: heart disease, cancer, diabetes, arthritis, osteoporosis, inflammation and diseases impacted by inflammation.Barley grass powder is similar to wheatgrass powder as to its health benefits, and both tend to be quite expensive. Buying this organic green superfood in bulk from this vendor is a cost-effective way of obtaining this wonderful supplement.
645. Raphanus Sativus is a very helpful homeopathic remedy to alleviate a common cause of pain from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), trapped intestinal gas. Gas is one of the major causes of bloating and pain that people with IBS endure. Trapped bowel gas can also develop after surgery. General anesthesia causes the bowels to “go to sleep,” and the first step in them “waking up” is to release painfully entrapped gas. Raphanus Sativus can strongly assist the bowels in that recovery.There are other excellent sources of homeopathic remedies besides Boiron, including Hyland's and Dolisos. I tend to choose Hyland's when possible because of their easy-open bottles and quick-dissolve tablets.I have included below some important general information on how to take homeopathic medications for those who might need it.Preparing for Taking HomeopathicsIt is a good idea before using homeopathics to brush your teeth well with baking soda, which has no odor of its own and removes any food odors from the mouth. It is important to avoid mint toothpaste because mint negates the benefits of homeopathics. Do not put anything else, including water, into your mouth for 20 minutes after placing a homeopathic remedy under your tongue. It is also a good idea to avoid food and drink with a strong taste, such as garlic and spicy food, for as long as possible after dosing with a homeopathic remedy, ideally waiting at least an hour.There are two ways to take homeopathics, dry dose and wet dose. Below are instructions for both.Dry doseNote that when taking homeopathic medication, the compounds are volatile, so you should not touch these tablets with your hands. Instead, shake 2-3 tablets into the bottle’s cap and drop them under your tongue. Be very careful to not touch the cap to your lips or tongue such that saliva gets on the cap, and from there contaminate the remaining pellets in the bottle. Placing the remedy under the tongue allows it to be absorbed directly into the bloodstream through the thin membrane there. Hold the remedy there for several minutes without swallowing until it completely dissolves.Wet Dose1. Use a clean, dark-glass, 2-ounce dropper bottle or spray bottle.2. Place 3-4 homeopathic tablets in the bottle.3. Add 12 ounce (14 of the glass bottle) of vodka or rum as a preservative. Screw on the cap and shake well until the pellets are dissolved.4. Add 1-14 ounce pure distilled water (that is, fill the bottle about 12 inch from the top). Screw on the cap and shake well, and shake each time before you take a dose.5. A dose is 1 dropperful or, if a spray bottle, one spray. Drop or spray the liquid under the tongue and hold it there for several minutes.
646. The taste of this meal-replacement powder is palatable. It also mixes well, and as advertised, it is very filling.If you are used to supplementing your diet with vegan protein powder, it is important to note that this product is not the same thing. It has about three times the calories of vegan protein powder (such as plain, unadulterated, organic, rice protein powder) for about the same amount of protein, and a lot of other ingredients as well. Two rounded scoops have 400 calories. They provide 20 grams of fat (about 12 the average, daily allotment of fat calories), 41 grams of carbohydrates (with 15 grams of sugar and 6 grams of fiber, which is 15 the daily fiber requirement), and 20 grams of protein (about 13 to 12 of the daily requirement for protein).This expensive product is advertised as being a healthfood and, on the surface, it has some of the elements of a healthy product, including vitamins and minerals. However, for my money, as a frugal and health-conscious consumer, it has too many issues to deserve to be called healthy.First, this product is NOT organic, and its protein content comes entirely from soy. Over 93% of non-organic soybeans grown in the USA are GMO. There is a similar problem with non-organic canola oil. Since 1995, the notorious chemical giant, Monsanto, has been consistently genetically modifying rapeseeds, the source of canola oil, until currently about 90% of the world's canola crop is GMO. (The leading producers of rapeseed include the European Union, Canada, China, India, and Australia. The USA is the largest importer of rapeseed in the world and receives the bulk of its rapeseed from Canada.) Note that, if organic, canola oil is not a bad choice in and of itself. It consists mostly of healthy monounsaturated fat (61%, which is almost as much as olive oil) and a relatively low percentage of unhealthy polyunsaturated fats (32%). It contains a relatively small amount (7%) of saturated fats.Second, in and of itself, even if organic, soy can have a negative impact on the thyroid, particularly in women. So it is not a good idea to consume soy products, such as this one, on a regular basis.Third, this product contains the artificial sweetener, sucralose. Health conscious individuals avoid it because there are strong indications that it can reduce beneficial gut microflora. It is also harmful to the liver, kidneys, thymus and lymph nodes. For these reasons, it should rarely, if ever, be ingested, making it a bad idea to include it in a product such as this, which is intended for frequent consumption.Fourth, I try to avoid products which include natural flavor. The definition of natural flavor under the Code of Federal Regulations is: "The essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional" (21CFR101.22). That essentially means that natural flavor is derived from a real food, but the process by which it is derived is unexplained and there is no way to know how safe or healthy a natural flavoring is.Rather than using this product, I think it would be cheaper, healthier, and definitely safer, to simply take a multivitamin pill and drink some plain protein powder in water, juice or in a smoothie and consume healthy, organic fats, such as coconut oil, nuts or olive oil, rather than the GMO canola oil in this product. I certainly would not consider buying this product again.Ingredients: Soy protein isolate, high oleic canola oil, maltodextrin, isomaltulose, soluble corn fiber, modified food starch, potassium chloride, magnesium phosphate, tricalcium phosphate, soy lecithin, dipotassium phosphate, mono & diglylceride, salt, choline chloride, natural flavor, xanthan gum, sodium ascorbate, mixed tocopherol, DL-alpha tocopheryl acetate, ferrous gluconate, zinc sulfate, D-calcium pantothenate, niacinamide, sucralose, thiamine hydrochloride, copper gluconate, pyridoxine hydrochloride, manganese sulfate, riboflavin, vitamin A palmitate, potassium iodide, chromium chloride, biotin, folic acid, sodium molybdate, phytonadione, sodium selenite, vitamine D2, vitamin B12.
647. Research has indicated that this supplement is helpful for arthritis as it helps maintain the health of cartilage. It has also been used for asthma, allergies, sports injuries, inflammatory bowel disease, and long-term low back pain. I personally use it for arthritis in my hands, but because it is so expensive, I add it to a base of hand lotion. This way it is absorbed directly into the area of the body where it is needed most without having to go through the digestive tract and the liver. I find it works very well that way, and it is massively less expensive.
648. These gloves work really well, and they are an extremely time-saving, efficient means to dust both mini blinds and knickknacks.This product is a pair of gloves, and I wear both at the same time, one on each hand, to dust. A handy plus is that once one side of the gloves gets too dusty, you can switch the gloves to opposite hands, in order to reverse the gloves so that you are dusting with a clean side, in order to continue dusting and get twice as much use out of the gloves before washing them.You can throw these gloves into the washer on cold, gentle cycle, but you need to air dry them. I have so far washed them by hand in order to make them last longer.Highly recommended.
649. This is about a month's supply of LIPH. It is very expensive, but comes highly recommended to prevent or help heal cancer by helping kill microbes inside cancer cells, which some research indicates can cause cancer cells to revert to normal cells. There is also evidence it can help cure MRSA, which antibiotics increasingly cannot cure.LIPH is highly concentrated and this 2 ounces are diluted in 1 gallon of purified water. The result is very bitter in taste but bearable.
650. These are a perfect fit for the Scotch-Brite dish scrubber and they work much better than the name brand refills!! The quality of the materials seems better, the green scrubbing sponge seems thicker and more durable, and they don’t appear to sit and leak soap everywhere like the Scotch-Brite heads do. I will buy again!
651. it makes good shakes and love the fact I can put my pills and protein powder in their too .shaker is super useful, good size and you can bring in it everything you need for your before and after workout.. the word can wash of the bottle
652. 5 mins to deep clean the pores; 5 mins to do facial treatment prep; 5 mins hydrating; 5 mins moisturizing (once a week).if you are in a hurry, just take the 1st step and 3rd step. The machine is well made. (dont's: no alcohol or oil on the metal head, do not use machine during shower, keep it away from water)
653. Absolutely love this! Was a bit hesitant about it using the cordless feature but it held a strong charge for the entire process of grooming my extremely fluffy dog. Love that it came with different clipper  settings , nail clipper and file, comb, and sharp scissors. Be aware it does not have the outlet adapter but u can plug as it’s a usb charger and I just used my iPhone plug to charge it.  It’s also not too loud and my dog remained calm during the process.
654. Great value, consistent product. Happy with subscribe and save - so far as I can tell, these are the same as in big box stores and similar value for the money.
655. I hate to admit it, but I do snore. I have tried every method possible to stop, even buying a very expensive pillow to move my head up and down. It worked, but eventually made sleep uncomfortable for me. My husband used the cone shaped foam ear plugs, but we often found them in the bed in the morning and not in his ears. These are perfect!. The are easy to insert and do a great job of blocking unwanted noise. Best of all, they are still in his ears in the morning. Wish we had found these sooner!
656. From what I have noticed these fit most of my heels and seem to work well.
657. works as advertised when u spray cats wont come around until it wears off but it really worked
658. Great stones for the price. These aren't as big or smooth as others I have, but for the price, I can't complain. I was surprised that these didn't come with a list of what stones are included, since it sounds like they aren't the same with each order. I know what most of them are, but I have no idea what the others are.
659. Bought the dog-themed matches for friends; bought these matches for myself.  Cute.The matches themselves are low quality but the dressed-for-success cats are purrrfect (meow).
660. Cute military-dressed dog matches. Gave away with candles during the holidays.  I like them. Price was too high though; I purchased on a whim.  None of those who received them as gifts mentioned how adorable they were; guess I'll have to choose my friends better in the future!
661. My posture is excellent--everyone says so. (smile) Including multiple physical therapists. But, I began to have some irritation in my clavicle collar bone area, and a new curved car seat back was killing me. Combined ... just awful. This gentle posture corrector helps hold my shoulders back. That's retraining my back muscles and relieving both issues. It's easy to don and very adjustable. Comfortable. Remember, only 30 minutes at a time--especially to start.
662. I'm a really big fan of Rez Block. Essentially, what happens is that when Rez Block is added to water, the water is then able to trap a lot of the resin that would normally accumulate in the piece of glassware OR end up in our lungs.You will want to change your water more frequently with Rez Block, as it fairly quickly shows just how much gunk it is stopping.
663. They are bgreatbfor the price
664. Very heavy ackward set up used once stuck it in drawer
665. I had a good buying experience. Items are what they say. Only 3 ⭐️ because they unfortunately do not work for my hubs. Maybe it’s just him & not the products.  There’s a chance it may work for some & not others. For the price, it certainly doesn’t hurt to try.
666. Unfortunately this flavor has milk in it... disappointing, but I will continue to buy the COLD BREW COFFEE flavor that tastes good & has no dairy.
667. Nothing but love
668. This is a very useful container for Baking Soda. I use it for cleaning my stove top and sink.
669. just what i wanted
670. Both my boys are grease monkeys..this stuff is amazing!!
671. My dog is allergic to fleas and this helped him very much and he didn't even mind the smell of the cedar.  Me - I don't really like the smell but I LOVE the results.  No tick bites this year!
672. My brother has allergies and has had problems at our house before; we plugged this in his room and not only did he have no problems, he slept like a log.  The unit gives off a slight white noise; it also has a blue light that is a little too much for me but can be blocked, I guess.  We are very happy with this in an old house that has had some mold and pet hair issues.
673. Just what I needed to balance my walking step due to one leg being slightly shorter than the other which my doctor prescribed for me. Perfect plus very fast shipper. I am highly satisfied.
674. Have been using since I thoroughly cleaned a mini split to shine up inside it for a half hour or so a day.
675. I recently scavenged a pair of these nose pieces from another pair of glasses and this order of, 10 Pair D-Shape Screw-on or Click-on Silicone Nose Pads 15 mm (10 PAIR, D SHAPE 15MM SCREW ON) was placed just after the change out.  These are soft, but still firm and will first be used to replace the scavenged pair and then be a reserve for future nose piece problems.  I anticipate it to happen, as my daughters parrots have chewed two off now.  I'm ready for the next assault.
676. These Generic Oral B Compatible Toothbrush Replacement Heads - 4 Brushes are good replacement toothbrush heads for the Oral-B battery operated toothbrush.  I like them.  Good price.
677. I purchased based on Serios Keto review on U-tube.  Ugg! They taste horrible.  I love the carmel collagen powder, so I’m disappointed these are so bad.
678. I've bought a ton of different cotton since I started vaping, from overpriced mavaton and egyptian cotton, cool whic American grown cotton, fire bolt, cotton bacon and more, this cotton here beats them all, it's super absorbent and high quality, I've never been more happy with a cotton before. Not to mention you get 13 feet of it in this package, I've already rewicked 5 different builds and gave my buddy a big chunk of it to try and it doesn't look like I've even touched this package yet. You can't go wrong buying this!
679. How hard is it to create a scent that smells like the label and doesn't make your eyes water,  nose burn and coat your throat like vapors from a tire fire?  I've been very discouraged by all the Glade refills I've tried. Harsh, unpleasant and only a passing resemblance to the claims on the label.
680. To me this is just hand lotion with a label to make a person buy it. It is not worth it
681. Update: my package finally arrived, thank goodness. I'm having no problems peeling off layers, they actually peel extremely & almost TOO easy. Feels sticky. Removes hair. Works for me.
682. I like that I can use these bottles and they wrap up with the safety catch, like a brand new bottle of whatever.
683. These are almost perfect.  I've recently painted several rooms, cabinets & shelving.  I don't like having to go to the garage and haul in a big, heavy gallon of paint for a minor touch up.  I filled the tubes using the pumps which was easy & quick.  I used them once, wiped off the felt applicator & stored them in the hall closet.  I got them out again last week for more touch ups and 2 of the felt applicator tips came off.  I wasn't surprised as I read some previous reviewers had the same problem.  This really isn't a huge concern for me as from now on, I will just keep a few of the cheap foam brushes next to the tubes.  I consider it a very minor inconvenience & well worth it to not have to go back to my old way of doing touch ups.  I will be buying another set.
684. When our twin grandchildren were born, I saw the nurses using these and they seemed to work very well.  Since the hospital used them, with good results, I figured staying with a proven product was the way to go.  I bought these for my daughter and son-in-law to use.  They find them very convenient when traveling or those times when a real bath is either unavailable or inconvenient.
685. Sneak those crazy beet nutrients into your yogurt or curry, and fool even yourself! And never waste another calorie with useless seconds of chewing! A-Plus! Nice beety flavor, too!
686. These things make my vagina feel like she licked a candy cane! They are awesome. I keep it stocked!!
687. Four bucks for a prune is very expensive. You can get a 8 oz. bag of prunes at Wally World for $3.Another economical solution for bowel regularity is to take a daily magnesium supplement. Pennies a day.
688. As a healthcare worker I wear masks 14+ hours. The straps dig in my ears causing blisters. A N95 mask would be better but all we get all the thin disposable masks.These strap extenders take the straps off the ears. The silicone extender is barely noticeable. Finally my ears are getting some relief.
689. The cat was interested in this toy for maybe 5-10 minutes, then it was batted under the couch never to be seen again.The problem is that it shuts off almost immediately when stationary. It would be better to have a 1 minute cut-off, at least keeping the cats attention a bit longer.Cat says, "Meh".
690. This cushion works as it should. It's not some wimpy cushion made for your dining room chairs. It's made for people with coccyx and back issues, along with those that need better support than normal wheelchair cushions. That being said, I did buy many of these for our hard-as-a-rock dining room chairs and they work as they should.The padding is thick and not soft. I'm a big guy who can suffocate most chair cushions. This cushion holds up to my big buttocks, even for extended game nights which can run 5-6 hours.My buttocks are happy and that makes me happy.
691. This is a small, lightweight medical bag. You can customize your own first aid kit or a bare minimum trauma kit. I use this bag for my routine home visits as a hospice nurse.There are two zippered side pockets and a main section organizer. The material is a bright orange, so they know you're coming!My kit contains auto blood pressure machine w cuff, stethoscope, digital thermometer, raptor trauma shears, pulse oximeter, LED light, measuring tapes, and nitrile gloves.Perfect for lightweight use. Adding any significant will make the bag collapse upon itself as there is no bottom stiffener for support. I will definitely consider this bag again for light field use.
692. I bought this glycerin because it was *supposed* to be Essential Depot brand. Instead I got the glycerin with the red, white, and blue label.I expect to receive what is in the picture. I will send a note to Essential Depot informing them of the switch.I ain't very happy right now.
693. I use these clips when I make paracord lanyards and key chains. They work well with very few moving parts to break like traditional clips you see on dog leashes. The price was right.
694. The good.I absolutely loved this thing until it came apart.It was easy to install and adjust to my 2004 Colorado taking only about 10 minutes. with a wrench, ratchet and socket sitting at the car door in my wheelchair. It could have been done with two pair of pliers though. Once adjusted it simply lifts out of place when someone else needs to drive the vehicle and is easily returned to position when I am ready to drive again.It was only a short learning curve until I was completely comfortable driving with it.It was the only left foot gas pedal accessory that I found that didn't have to be bolted to the floor.The bad.After only two months the glue that held the plastic base that has the spikes that hold it secure in place by engaging the vehicles carpet, completely let go as shown in the pics. I would return it but for two reasons, I don't want to be without it and I am afraid that the glue on the new one will give out in two more months.This is a potentially dangerous problem and you should be watching for it if you already have one or intend to buy one.Conclusion.I am not saying that you should not buy one but you should be aware of this fatal flaw and be aware that you may have to re-glue it. Furthermore, for $300, there should be some thought at the manufacturers level as to how to fix this serious problem.
695. I needed a wheel. It is a wheel.
696. i like using the heart rate monitor, thats the only thing i liked. its kinda bulky and only has time in military form. the app sucks i didn't understand a thing on it just the settings, that was the main reason why i didn't like it. so i decided to just buy the new fitbit ulta. I'm still keeping the morefit though because of the heart rate.
697. The gel is really refreshing.
698. My feet are horrendous. It’s genetic and also I wear a lot of flops or go barefoot all the time so callouses are just a normal thing for me. I get a pedicure once a month and even that never did much. What I actually do it use the blade shaver and shave most of the big callouses off and then use this to smooth it all down. My feet aren’t baby soft, but they’re no longer rough. I love that they send you so many extra sand paper discs. I do my feet like once a week and I’m no where near halfway done and I’ve had this thing for months now. I do have to us one disc for each foot because of the amount of callousing all over my feet, but the end result is great. I then lotion my feet up and the next day they are nice and smooth. Totally worth the money!
699. This is perfect for college students and anyone wanting to meal prep or store left overs. I love how the containers stack together easily to keep a clean cabinet. Comes in a set of 30 which I will actually be using at the neck family gathering to store leftovers for guests to take home instead of using zip lock bags. Easy to clean and store away. I've been using these for a while and they were a lifesaver in college. Glad I can get these in bulk here. Highly recommended! As a warning, if you do microwave pasta, the sauce may stain if it's tomato based. I usually have designated o es just for that reason. Other than that, it's perfect to freeze and reheat your meals in.
700. Real review,  this stuff solved our problem! >>>>We were having issues with our front loader and our clothes having a continuous musky smell. After doing some research I discovered the paraben in a lot of soaps and harsh perfumes etc causes smells and such to "stick" to your clothes and a residue in both the washing machine and your clothes.  I deep cleaned our machine running very hot cycleswith beach and againwith vinegar,  and added vinegar and borax to the first few washes on each load of clothes (along with this soap) to help loosen up the residue and then continue to wash exclusively with this Charlie's liquid soap (using vinegar as a booster on towels and heavy soiled things) Since then the problem is GONE and our clothes are clean and soft and scent free! I do occasionally use Meyers brand fabric softener as well which is paraben free too and gives a lovelyscent withresidue....it really made a huge difference and I can feel the difference on our clothestowels (hard to explain,  but lighter and fluffier, soft!) We will repurchase again and again!!!******PS THE HUSBAND HUNTS AND CAN USE THIS ON HIS HUNTING GEAR AS WELL SINCE IT'S SCENT FREE  saving even more money and the need for other products!
701. I was a bit skeptical of the 'one size fits all' claim, but I thought I would try.  Lets start by saying that I am 5'6" and wear a size 12.  I have long legs and more of a tummy than a butt issue.  I expected these to be a bit of a challenge to put on and I was right - it was like putting on pantyhose.  I did not these on, and I was impressed that the waist actually did reach my waist, and even slightly above.  I was even more impressed when I moved around and discovered that these did not even attempt to slide down.  The over all fit was, well let's just say 'snug'.  The only way I'd consider wearing these out of the house would be with a long, loose tunic (about like the mini dresses I wore as a teenager).  These leggings looked as though they had been spray painted on.These are nice leggings, although the fleece is not particularly fleece-y or thick, and appear to be well made out of quality material.  I would recommend these for somebody a size 10 or less.
702. I am quite impressed with this toy, it's flashing light and chirping sound caught my cats attention right away.  Unfortunately it also attracted my labterrier dog whose interest rather intimidated my cat.  I will introduce this to my cat again when the dog is busy elsewhere.  Others have expressed concern about the size of the ball, but my senior tom cat (9 pounds) had no problem smacking this ball across the floor before the dog pounced on it.The ball comes with additional batteries (to operate the chirping and lights) and a small tool needed to open the battery compartment which shows a great attention to detail on the part of this company.
703. This portable sound machine has a variety of sound options. You can set the noise level and also choose how long for the effect to play. You can set it for a half hour, an hour, etc. I do find it relaxing as background noise when I am reading in bed or just wanting to destress while doing household chores.
704. First time trying. Highly recommend.
705. I put this on my sofa, I ran out halfway through because you need to apply two coats. The liquid is white and the bottle is white, so I didn't realize it was almost empty. At a glance it looked like the bottle was still full, then I realized it was opaque. A lot more must come out with the sprayer than I realized!Honestly, I have not noticed much dirt and water-repelling qualities. I still have to use my Bissel Green Machine to clean up spills. It helps the liquid pool up without totally soaking into the upholstery, but it's not 100% waterproof. However, in exchange for that, it's not stiff like ScotchGuard or anything. With the small quantity I would use it on something like dining room chairs. It took too much product to cover an entire sectional.I wouldn't view this as a stain prevention method, but rather something that buys you time to clean it up with a stronger product.
706. I got this because it says that it's flavored, portable, and figured it would be good to add into my water bottle during hot  yoga. It tastes GROSS and you need a comedic amount of drops if you have a large water bottle.  It's not that I am not used to the taste of stevia, it just has a bad berry flavor. The bottle also isn't portable, it's pretty big. Probably because you need so many drops to make it work. If it leaks then you've got another mess on your hands.Stick with Nuun tablets. They taste a lot better, one does the job, and they are in a portable container that can't spill.This is bitter and I'd use it if I were sick or something, but it's really a slight degree away from Pedialyte.
707. I love the flavor and the creamy & smooth texture. It’s thick and satisfying! I’ve had the milk chocolate and at 20 cents an ounce, I think it’s a great value and I’ll order it again. Love the fiber, protein, vitamins and low carbs! The viewing strip on the side is handy!
708. I’m grateful for these Framar nitrile gloves because it’s critical that I protect my hands, and especially my fingers, at this stage. Years of cleaning have made them sensitive to even mild dish soap. So I consider these powder free, no latex gloves a godsend! They’re easy to put on, and easy off, tough against chemicals, strong, and they don’t bother my skin. Size M is a great fit, allowing me to do tactile tasks with ease. Protection from dish soap, cleaning solvents, oils, dyes, paints, turpentine, garden chemicals, soil and more - 9” Framar gloves are perfect for my needs.
709. This silk face mask is nice against my skin and it does a great job of keeping out the light because of the lower strap. There are two adjustable straps. I had to adjust mine to be as wide as possible. The mask still fits me tightly and because of this, it keeps the light out, completely. Excellent materials and workmanship!
710. Taste good, quite costly, but Dairy Free which I needed
711. My husband is so tight in the pocket he squeaks when he walks.He washes and disinfects and stores plastic neti pots.Great, but when I need one, I just cannot bring myself to use someone else's snot washer. I mean, really?This is a good deal nicer, and it's not going to break my bank. If you are really strapped for cash, there are videos on how to flush your sinuses without spending any money at all. For my sensibilities, this two pack is great.
712. Magnesium oxide powder is pretty straightforward. But you want to make sure that what you are getting doesn't have other things in it that are bad (like lead, for instance). According to the label, this is all 58% magnesium oxide (the 58% is how much magnesium it has and is pretty much standard).My issue is that I cannot find any information on who Nativo Harvest is, where they source their minerals, where they make their supplements. Is this being packagedtested in a certified good practices lab? In the United States?Kind of apprehensive here.
713. I almost always buy recycled andor environmentally correct tissues, but when my whole family gets a cold, we end up with at least two boxes of these. Having the skin peel off your nose and upper lip just plain stinks.
714. This prebiotic really does work within hours to reduce stomachache and bloating. I have lupus with Sjogren's Syndrome, and I have to take prophylactic antibiotics. I get bowel inflammation, and I am reasonably sure that my gut biome is a mess. Probiotics have been in my pillbox for years, but I'm getting serious about it now. This formula doesn't cause gas, and in my case, it seems to be curing it.Recommend.
715. My son wanted something that would put pressure on his cranium.He has ASD and having someone squeeze his noggin helps alleviate anxiety when he is on overload. Has been that way since he was a little kid. We scoured Amazon and this looked like it might do the trick.It doesn't. HOWEVER -It's really cool. It comes with an adapter, but it will run on 3 AAA batteries (not included). It is somewhat adjustable and does put some gentle pressure on your skull. The massage speed is very adjustable, and it is super relaxing. It made my neck feel great and made my headache go away. My kid likes it, too - he's keeping it. Even though it wasn't exactly what he was looking for, it does help with his anxiety. Go figure.
716. These ear plugs are on the large side. I ordered them, because the picture looked like they were similar to silicone ear plugs my cat stole from me. The design is pretty much the same, but the SIZE is not. These barely fit into my ears, and don't go in far enough to block much sound. I still like them better than the foam ones (those itch), but these are not for me.If your ear canals are not on the small side, I do recommend this type of plug. It's cleaner and more comfortable than foam, and you can wash it.
717. I got some of this at an online naturalorganic foods shop, and, unlike every other kind of untraditional noodle I have ever cooked, my husband and son both ate this and liked it. I had made pasta with garlic and cheese for me, and they ate my snack.It's good. The noodles are thin, and the texture is nice. They taste good, and they take the flavor of the sauce you use, but they don't become the flavor of the sauce the way, say, shiritaki noodles do.Four servings to a bag, and when they cook up, there's a lot. Tons of fiber in these as well (11gserving, I think).
718. I got this one as a Christmas gift for my husband (he asked for it). He really likes and enjoys it, but had said that he wished charge would last longer.
719. It does what it suppose to,  but I needed to cut down my calcium intake - found other one without calcium.
720. Love it!  Can't get enough licorice!
721. You get a number of tools for just $9.99. It's not ideal for gifting since it doesn't come boxed or include a storage pouch like most other sets I've ordered. I'm surprised everything arrived safely because the pieces were just packaged in plastic or bubble bags. I did question whether the pieces were genuine stone or plastic. They don't feel as cool as other stone tools I've ordered. Aventurine doesn't have as much natural patterning as something like amethyst, so it does tend to look more like plastic. There are some natural defects like pitting. The roller is smooth and quiet so far, but it's not the best quality. For instance, the glue is a little messy. Overall, it's a decent set for the money.
722. I got this for my husband. He just showed interest in trying a shaving brush after I got him a beard soap, so we're lacking experience here. I'm pretty confident this will last a lifetime considering how often he'll probably use it, but it appears well made. It looks just like the brush the previous reviewer posted. I would've liked a darker wood with more grain, but I knew there would be variations. I'm not deducting anything for that. I'm just not sure if $49.95 is a good price? Maybe if it lasts forever. This was nicely boxed for gifting.
723. I didn’t really know what I was getting into. I’ve been discovering all sorts of new beauty and health tools - mostly good - and was especially excited to see this might help my hair. I didn’t really know what I was getting into here. Thankfully, I read the instruction manual before starting and saw the warning about using this if you have metallic implants. I messaged Eternal Clear and received a speedy response that it was safe to use this as long as I stayed 1.5” away from my metal rods. Yay!So I had already noted that everything arrived safely, neatly boxed and sealed. I was worried the bulbs were defective at first because they didn’t light up right away. I wasn’t even sure if they were supposed to, but I persisted and eventually they all lit up. I don’t know if it was a coincidence, but one finally lit up when I moved my hand closer toward it. They all seemed to light up much easier after the first time. The electric buzzing and smell is kind of scary, but as soon as I was told I could proceed, I plucked up the courage to try this on the lowest setting. I’m not even sure it was a setting because there’s a pretty wide range between on and where the dots indicating intensity start. I’m slowly working on getting used to the sounds, smells, and feel first. I found the dial easy to turn. I’m proceeding cautiously but optimistically.
724. Honestly, I can't afford to take this long term, but I was curious if the higher EPA and DHA makes a difference. Is it even good for you? We buy the CostcoKirkland Fish Oil. You could take 2 capsules and get 2,000 mg fish oil (it only suggests 1), but 2 capsules only provides 500 mg EPA+DHA and 100 mg other omega-3 fatty acids. Dr. Tobias is 800 mg EPA and 600 mg DHA. I'm waiting to see if there are any noticeable improvements. I do think the Kirkland fish oil helps my cat's coat and inflammation, but it doesn't seem to be helping my husband's inflammation. Maybe he should try 2 capsules. The bottles were sealed.
725. Tried once
726. This is giving me alot of relief on my back and legs don't fall asleep
727. with constant 'dry eye' this is a great soother when applied with a mist bottle... great for an added moisture to the face & mouth at the same time.Healthy, odorlesstasteless CONSIDER: the most convenient in a mist bottle!  Such comfort & convenience wo a lot of 'toxic ingredients'FYI: this same product can be acquired @ BRIVOL w free shipping  only.....17.47...I'm just sayin'...
728. Like the textures and flavors.
729. Quality product.  Good price
730. This is very sturdy foot stool.  The handle makes it much safer for reaching the cabinet.  Mom is less than 5 feet tall; perfect for her to reach pantry shelves safely.
731. Love them, much better than others I have tried. Nice and big too, work on glasses, and all screens for I-Pad, Fire, Smart Phone etc.Recommend them highly!
732. I have used these for about 2 months now and I  really like them, I have had a torn  rotator cuff and these help some with the pain as well as some exercise to keep it fluid! I just do not want surgery as I know of a friend of mine who had the rotator operated on and it really did not help! I will keep taking these and see in another month how I do. I'll come back and update then!
733. Very good salve! They gave my hubby some to take home from the hospital for wound care on an infected toe and this is nice stuff. (he's a diabetic so crucial for healing) these pads a doubled and saturated with salve, you can cut them to size for smaller ares (I did) and they help the healing nicely!
734. I bought one of these and another smaller as I just have had a knee replacement. Icing is crucial to help healing and pain, and the large ACE is really great, I bought 2 extra 3 days later and just now ordered another to have spares for the rest of my Phys. Therapy duration.I like the fact that you can put them right on the skin, they do stay pliable after freezing and the size is great for the area on the knee. I have used them for 2 12 weeks now and had no problems with leakage.They freeze really fast ( within 30 to 45 min.) and last for up to 30 minutes, just perfect for what I need.These will also be nice to have on hand for other aches and pains as they crop up after I'm done with my rehab for my knee replacement.For this they are perfect!
735. I gave this product four stars because they can clean, but as I scrub with them they tend to fall apart.  I run through a large amount of them just for cleaning my glass top stove, and if something is particularly burned on these just tear apart trying to get it off.  I cut the flattened ends off of them until there is nothing left of the pad to try and get more use out of them, but they just don't stand up that well for the price that a person has to pay for them.
736. Got this on a recommendation from a nurse for home use if wax buildup became an issue.  It hasn't, so this is onhand as a &#34;just in case&#34; item.
737. Product as described.  As others have mentioned, the scent is more akin to a walk in the woods than a Christmas Fur in the living room, but it does lack the heavier handed disinfectant tinge of other types and it gives a nice mild foresty scent to the room.
738. Horrible tweezers . Only one pair grabs the hair .  They came packaged very nicely .Handles are wide but the ends are thick and dull . Maybe I got a bad batch of tweezers?
739. Received my first container on time. However, I’m still trying to pick my jaw off the floor after opening it only to find less than a container of powder.  I included some images along with a tape measure to show the depth of the plastic container.The contents is a very fine powder that looks thinner than Cacao powder if that helps understand the consistency.It has a sweet yet bitterly aroma to it.Since mine is missing the scoop, I used a teaspoon full into my evening coffee.The taste is not overwhelming in my coffee. As I’m using unpasteurized honey to sweeten my beverage.I have taken capsules of Lions Mane the past few months . However, due to a quicker delivery system the powder is supposed to have, I’m trying this.Maybe my container was  at the end of the line getting a fill up?I will update my review asa I can feel the effects of the powder verses capsules .
740. Love this tea it really takes your appetite away
741. Dear cats decided to hurl my old one off my desk and cracked the lid in half.So I got this replacement. It's the same, but was hard to get together and hard to get apart, and rattled.I got some Vaseline, ran a little around the grooves, and now it's easy to open, easy to close, and doesn't rattle, feels much better. Yay vaseline.
742. Saved me from getting seasick!
743. Smells great! I have to keep using to find how long it's effects last!
744. These seemed to work well at first, but they loose their effectiveness after a while. Don't work as well as they are supposed to.
745. this is all over the web as a miracle cleaner - I think a homemade paste using baking soda, vinegar and dawn.
746. Hubby needed ankle support, he wanted the kind with the heel open so I got these.  I was worried the XL would be too big - actually they were way too tight.  He has thin ankles and it cut into him.  I purchased another brand without a heel cutout in a L and they fit like a glove.
747. I generally like to use my bento box and glass containers, but I do like these Amazon Brand - Solimo Plastic Food Storage Containers with Lids. The feel of the storage container is comparable to brand name containers. The lid stays secure. They are a decent size. The plastic isn't 'bendy'. It can be re-used a few times. Even though it does indicate that it is BPA-free, I do like to stay to a limit on re-use and the container seems durable enough for at least 5 re-uses. I should also add that I generally do not re-heat in the container so if one re-heats on a separate plate (which I prefer), it extends the use. It is also has a pretty good price point in that it is around 90 cents per container. It is worth a look if you like containers like this style.
748. I like Revlon brand and I especially like that the end isn't so pointed you stab your finger underneath the nail. This is a file I've used before and was glad to see the quality hasn't changed. AND you get TWO - yay!  I am happy with my purchase.
749. Did the job. Definitely remember - dry fingers only when pulling out the soap sheets. For a pair of washable black trousers, I had to use two sheets, but they came clean in the hotel sink!
750. While this is a good chair for watching TV, it is not very comfortable for longer use.  It is easy to assemble but not a good purchase for the price.
751. I wasn't sure if the light meter on my Canonet was still functional, but I popped one of these cells right in and it worked like a charm!! Glad Glitzy still carries these batteries as they are becoming increasingly more difficult to source. Definitely recommend.
752. Your job won't let you use smokeless tobacco on the job?  No worries, friend!  Get some of these Teaza pouches and they'll help get you through the day.  They taste good and (temporarily) satisfy cravings.
753. I have short and thin lashes and this curler works beautifully!
754. This product is exactly what it look like. A big bucket. Is deep enough and large enough to soak those big dogs after a long day at work or the gym. If that is all you need from this- you are in luck. No bells, no whistles.  I'm a wide 11.5 and my feet fit with room to spare. I can only estimate that a 12 would make it but 12.5 your feet may not fit comfortably.
755. I love this foot rest! I just moved from somewhere with a showertub combo to a place with a separate shower and tub, and was wondering if there were any sort of small steps I could use to make shaving easier now that I didn't have the bathtub ledge to rest of foot on. This works perfectly! I've used it several times now, and it feels nice and sturdy (though it's not meant for sitting or standing on!). I love the little section that's designed for a razor - I actually put my soap in there so it doesn't stick to the tile. It has holes on the bottom, so it will drain through which is a nice touch. I'd definitely recommend this!
756. This weighted pencil holder is not a bad product. The grip on it is large, so if your kid is more comfortable with a bigger pencil to grip, it's got that covered. The outer portion isn't squishy, it's sort of a sandy grip, which isn't a bad thing either. The trouble is that you need to attach this using a tiny allen wrench to tension the grip onto the pencil, which means that you have to have the wrench out EVERY TIME THE PENCIL NEEDS SHARPENING. My boys mash their pencils into the paper, resulting in many broken pencil tips. The allen wrench never gets put away, greatly increasing the likelihood that it'll be lost. There has to be a better way to make this grip adhere to the pencil, but other than that, it's a great device for helping kids that need this kind of aid.******BE ADVISED********This listing was not for the kit, I only purchase (as per the listing) the delux grip third from the top. It's a bit pricey for what you get, and I've found a better option, so you might want to see if you can find this locally so you can have a look at it before you buy.
757. I use kinesiology tape on my bad knees, and I had hoped this stuff would be a support to my back while I try to reduce my belly.  Yeah there's one born every minute.  You get ONE!!! application that is not reusable.  The information says that it can be used for multiple days.  I don't know how to express how dumb that statement is.  Pregnancy doesn't last a couple of days folks.  It's not a sprint, it's a marathon.  You'd need to buy these every few days at best.  But if you use kinesiology tape you know that it's likely to peel up or loosen well before that.  So you're paying for one or two days of relief which you probably won't even get.Just don't, okay?  Get one of the ones that are reusable.
758. I found the sound and the light difficult to adjust to exactly what I wanted, and the selection of sounds left something to be desired.  I'd say this is more for kids than adults.
759. I've used a lot of different nasal irrigators, and overall I prefer the ones which pour rather than squeeze water through your nasal passages.  The latter makes it too easy to force too much water into your nose and sinuses, and that's a horrible feeling.  Gentle pressure is the key here.  Beyond that, it's pretty much as good as any other irrigator.
760. Yes you can buy peroxide for less money, but this is mixed to a 3% strength, and has a nice scent to it, so it saves a lot of time and effort.  Does the job, good disinfectant.  Unless you want to fool around with mixing your own, I'd say just bite the bullet on this one.
761. I can't say that I see a lot of difference in the way my toes align, and since I can't wear these with shoes, I can't use them for very long.  As with all things body oriented, YMMV.
762. This is a great price for a 4 pack of very nice household gloves.  The medium size fit me perfectly without flopping around, always a plus, and the lining makes them more comfortable that classic rubber gloves.  They may feel a bit light, again by comparison with your classic rubber glove, but so far they've held up to whatever I've thrown at them.  I suspect they'd be good for gardening, though I'm pretty sure they won't stand up to rose thorns. The only protection you'll get there is from dirty hands.  Four pair means you can dedicate a pair to specific tasks if you like. It's kind of nice to have a pair of these-are-for-scrubbing-the-toilet gloves. But then toilet scrubbing is one of the things I'm squeamish about.  Nice selection of colors too.
763. Using hemp products is a bit of a crap shoot because you're never quite sure if the product is going to have any effect on your condition.  So I'm giving a (cautious) thumbs up for this because I've been using it with great success on an inflamed muscle in my leg.  I didn't expect it to work this well; I tried it because when I test a product I put it through all sorts of paces.What I found was that within about 5 minutes of application, the pain in my leg and backside had eased considerably.  It didn't go away entirely, that required the addition of some NSAIDs. But it did make the discomfort manageable, which is a blessing.  When I tried this as a sleep aid, it did nothing for me.  Results on a headache were mixed.  I will say that some advice I was given - always look for hemp products that are CO2 extracted - was good advice because I find such products to be across-the-boards more effective than any others.What can I take away from these experiments? Mostly what I take from most such experiments: We are all different, and products like this, which are created without set standards, will inevitably vary. So if this works for you, for some conditions, be glad, use it, you lucked out.  If it doesn't, hand it off to someone else who might have better luck, and try something else.
764. With 8 adhesive pads and two channels, and any number of operating modes, this unit does it all, and does it well. I love that I can run different programs on different parts of my body. I love how much better I feel after a treatment.  This TENS unit is wonderful. I'm tossing all the rest of mine.
765. I'm sad that I can't use these. They throw my gait off just enough that they affect my back, and I ended up in a lot of pain as a result of wearing them. I think they were good for my feet, but the back pain was more than I could tolerate. Going back to my old insoles alleviated it.I will try again just to be sure, but I wanted to post this review as a reminder that if you have serious foot, knee, hip, or back issues, you might do better to have professional advice about insolesorthotics.
766. No, I don't have a baby.  I have wicked dry skin that's also sensitive, so I thought I'd give this a shot.  And it works.  I smooth it on in the shower, pat dry, and my skin feels so much better.  It's got a very mild scent which is not at all offensive, and it's easy to apply.  I wish it was a bit cheaper, and that's the reason it's only four stars instead of five.  But it's a good product so I suppose it's worth whatever it's worth, right?
767. great for scrub making
768. They don't do any better at stamping than regular nail polish.  In fact, the white is useless.
769. I just received this Beeswax, Paul's Pail, and I must say it is fabulous. I have a very expensive genuine leather brief case that I purchased well over twenty-five years ago.  I washed my brief case off with a damp towel and then applied this wax in circular motions to my briefcase. I allowed it to dry according to the directions and polished it with a soft cloth. My briefcase looks new again. I then tried this on a new leather pencil case I just purchased and it even made the new case look fabulous. Great find. Thank you Paul's Pail.
770. I am very impressed with the quality of these bags.  They are at the same level as Hallmark and for a much lower price.  Several of the bags have a 3 dimensional aspect to them.  They have a nice ribbon handle and attached gift tag as well.
771. This does nothing to make foundation smoother. If anything it makes it look like I have tried to put makeup on with a plastic bag.
772. My Aria scale has worked great for over a year. Easy to use daily. I just wish it wasn't such a pain to reset it and reconnect to the new network when I changed the network name. Ultimately works great though.
773. This is pretty good stuff.  I enjoy the mix up flavors in the bag, I dislike all the peanut casings on the bottom of the bag when you get to the end.
774. I liked the extra suction cup hook and rubber scrubber that came with the box. You get a charcoal, green tea, and normal sponge. I've used the charcoal one so far and you don't have to worry about the color robbing off or leaving lumps of charcoal on your face. The charcoal has no smell or feeling, I would go as far as to say, the added charcoal is cosmetic. The sponges are very soft and slightly slippery (like  how bleach feels) and it cleans the face. I can't say this is a must-have product, but it is a good product for people who don't have anything to wash their face with but water. The sponge will help exfoliate the skin without any exfoliates so it's natural and safe for all kinds of skin. You can use it with or without soap. I don;t see any noticeable difference with using the sponge vs using the washcloth, but it is a much gentler substitute for washcloths if you are in the market for something gentler for your skin.
775. I'm a 60 year old woman who has been fighting against extreme oily skin, acne and large pores since my teens. This product has absolutely changed my life.  I've been using it for six weeks. My skin is clear and radiant in a way it has NEVER been before. I am able to go without makeup now with no embarrassment about red, oily, blemished skin. I honestly didn't think that would ever be possible for me.The first week I used it, I diluted it 50% with witch hazel because of the way it made my skin burn and tingle. Since then I've been using it full strength morning and evening, every day. Sometimes I use it at noon if my nose and chin start feeling oily. During the first week a few pimples emerged, I think my skin was purging submerged problems. However those pimples healed incredibly fast.  The spots on my face from old healed pimples have completely disappeared. I no longer have huge greasy pores to contend with. My skin is soft and smooth and radiant. If I feel a pimple start to show up, it heals before it actually gives me a problem!This does sometimes make my skin burntingle rather unpleasantly, but it's only for a couple of minutes before that subsides. It's well worth the momentary discomfort!  Worth mentioning is that even when it feels irritated, I've never experienced any redness from using it (which I do with many other products). It doesn't make my skin dry and there has been no peeling for me.  It does burn unpleasantly if you get it on your lips, so I like to apply lip balm before using it.This is a superb product and an answer to prayers for me. I will be trying their other products to see if they are of the same quality. I consider it a bargain at any price and at this price it's a steal!
776. We used these for our wedding, cute little bags, there were a few broken but for the price not bad.
777. Works quickly and accurately. Exactly what I wanted.
778. well worth it.
779. Had one of these Obusforme seat cushions in my car years ago - and it lasted for years! I'm retired now and was having trouble finding a cushion for my computer chair that was big enough for the chair seat AND stayed put. This cushion fills the ENTIRE seat of my chair and does not slide around much at all. Very comfortable. I feel like a couple of big soft hands are holding me. Really, really nice.Note: I don't have serious back problems when sitting, so I can't speak to whether this will help with sciatica or back issues. It IS more expensive than many of those curvy things that are designed for ergonomics, but this is waaay more comfortable for me, so worth the extra $$.
780. Best socks ever. Warm, loose, no slip. I don't wear anything else. Love these!
781. I’ve used the pour on version of this for several years on my gas commercial type stove.  This was after cleaning it by hand several times with everything else on the market and a straight razor blade to scrape off residue.  Then came Carbon Off!  It’s miraculous.  What used to take me hours now takes only minutes with some down time while it soaks.  My most important hint involves use of water. DONT!!!  Water deactivates the chemicals so if you put it on a a wet surface or start playing with it with a wet sponge, you’ve just stopped the cleaning power.  Found this the hard way.  I used to have to find a restaurant supply shop to buy it but now that it’s available on Amazon, it’s a no brained. Five star all the way!!!
782. Biz beats every other laundry additive I've every used.  My mom used it decades ago when I was growing up and it still works better than anything else on the market.  I can't figure out why it's so hard to find in stores.  I guess because they don't spend a lot on mass advertising so there is little demand.  Most sellers on Amazon were pretty expensive IMO but by buying a pack of 4 boxes I got the best price.  It'll probably last until my grandkids grow up but at least I have a good stash now!  For really tough stains, make a paste and spread the paste on stain.  let it sit and work for up to hours before washing.  Ive never had an issue with this technique damaging colors.
783. We use these in the Jazz clubs to tone down enthusiastic players.  Don't take them to the gun range and expect any kind of protection.  That's not their intention.
784. I need dark to sleep.  These do the job, blocking light perfectly and comfortably.
785. Some of my relatives take many, many medications. This little bottles help organize and keep them safe from ODing.
786. Just okay. For dusting, probably good. For actually cleaning the floor, not so much.
787. not sure it is stainless  or stainless plated- it is awfully light, and the face is much darker than in the picture; fyi - doesn't come with a battery
788. got out a set grease stain, but didn't get out some dirt, so i dunno; but since then it has been wonderful
789. Nice nail files.  They are really pretty.  It's kinda hard to tell which side is rough and which is fine.  But, they get the job done.
790. Didn’t work for me. I tried to use them to stick on the current nasal pieces to make them more comfortable (on heavy lead glasses). But the adhesive keeps falling off after use
791. The socks are very well made and provide a lot of compression (at first wearing maybe a little too much) but after wearing them a few  times they are very supportive and not quiet as tight.
792. In overall quality these are one step below Foster Grant folding glasses.
793. I frequently cut my fingertips and I also have very dry skin which causes my knuckles to crack I use these quite a bit to help my fingertips and my knuckles, they are very handy
794. I carry these in my full tactical aid kit, the one in the cargo area of my vehicle. They are well made, solid and durable. I’d definitely recommend them for anyone fitting out a large first aid kit. They’re too big for compact personal aid kits, so be mindful of the space in your kit. Recommended.
795. Reviews for first aid products like this are more passfail than 1-5 stars. The product packaging will hold up and keep the tube sterile. The tube itself appears to be well made. So yes, I can recommend purchase for your first aid kit. Pass.
796. I carry this around with me all the time. It is set up to my stride, lets me know when I've reached my daily goal, how many calories burned and keeps a 7 day record. It's also extremely accurate.
797. I do like these clippers. Wish they had one of those little metal bits to scrape under the nails. Also, the catcher part works great but slides around a lot depending on how you hold the clippers, which is a big flaw. Cuts well though! Good medium size which I like!
798. Used this soap the day that I received it.  Haven't a negative thing to say about this product.  It is just exactly described justas it is.  Very hard in the container and looks as though it's been poured in,  while it was hot.  Very rustic looking in the plasticcontainer,  as it is supposed to look.You can tell that some serious work went into the making of this soap,  by its performance.  After running hot water into thebowl and using a fine shaving soap brush,  you will get a very rich creamy good smelling lather.  You will get a close shavewith minimal nicks and irritation.Another fine point is,  you will enjoy a unique old time barbershop scent while shaving.  An important point is,  this soap isin line with other brands of shaving soaps according to price.  You cannot order a good quality can of shaving soap for lessthat 15 dollars.  This shaving soap is somewhat a cut above your average shaving soap on the market today.  Therefore,  Ican comfortably say that this shaving soap is a fair price for the quality that it  factually is.It appears that you will able to get months of shaving from this reasonably large can of shaving soap.  The container is not a cheapplastic,  it is a heavy duty plastic jar with a screw on lid that fits precision and will screw on tightly to keep your soap fresh.This container will not allow your soap to dry out.  All in all,  I cannot find fault with this product or the seller...
799. These are great and well made. The material is sisal so it’s a little scratchy, but considering you’re using it to get clean it’s a plus. Similar to a loofa. The bags hold up in the washer too; I throw them in with my towels.
800. The ear plugs didn't fit well, nor did they lessen the noise.
801. Plus: plastic smell dissipates quickly;  hand pump fills chambers within 2 minutes, adjustable Velcro straps secure neck openingMinus: does not seem to provide vertical traction without impacting blood supply- at the point I felt the stretch, my head was pounding...Also the unit leaks air even with valve closed.May be useful for sleeping whole upright, while travelling??I would not buy again.
802. Warm and fuzzy - only wearable in the winter though. Great for lounging in the house!
803. Its sadly not that good! ISO100 Fruity Pebble for some reason tastes miles ahead of this product, why? It sweet but not in a great way and is just disappointing but its easy to drink the rest of it since I spent the money on it.
804. These were a comparable value to local brick & mortar stores. The texture is soft and absorbent.
805. Let's just say....it work. For everything that Magnesium is needed for, it works. Especially since it's in a higher dose form. We're already all so deficient in it, might as well get a higher dose.
806. This product helped me to have bowel movements without my stomach cramping up.
807. Love this for my bowels and headaches!
808. Pretty rock necklaces with a nice box, great deal. However did have to replace the chains with more sturdy tangle free chains.
809. Great product and shipped fast, is what it says for a decent value
810. I bought this because I read that it helps with constipation issues. After taking this supplement for several days I found my constipation issue were much worse and I was bloating a lot. I would not recommend this supplement if your looking to alleviate constipation.
811. Delivered quickly - easy to take.
812. I read reviews on different types of magnesium “compounds” and it was stated that mag. citrate was most effective to ease digestive issues. It is gentle, good for heartburn and for mood. No complaints.  I do not take every day but will continue to use every other day to ward off GERD symptoms as well as possible constipation. It is not harsh ..as I had feared …and could be taken every day, in my opinion.
813. Good product! I’ve been using it for about a year now.
814. This is my second time ordering. First time taking this vitamin. It was suggested to me by a herbalist that I am working with. I appreciate that it is plant based. I take one each night before bed. The benefits were noticed almost immediately. ;) My body got used to it and my days are very balanced now. Thank you!
815. I use it as part of my IF routine for regulating BM as well as for muscle and bones. I only take 1 capsule a day because the suggested dose was giving me diarrhea.
816. I have been taking magnesium for several years to help ward off leg cramps.  This formula is the best I have found.
817. Chemotherapy back in 2012 really messed up the nervous system of my intestines, so they need a daily stimulant and this magnesium works better than anything else
818. I take this for sleep, regular bowel movements along with one Dulcolax every now and then since I have diabetes and my bowel has slowed down. I take two every night and it really helps the heart. Read up about magnesium! It helps a lot of things including muscle cramps.
819. God product
820. I have been taking 1000mg of another type of magnesium. This is only 400, but must have superior bio-availability because I only need a single 400mg caplet! Awesome!
821. I feel a bit better and sleep better... will update later on.
822. Seems like quality magnesium and exactly the kind I wanted.
823. Love this product.  Received what was described and it worked perfectly.  I will definitely order again.
824. Bought this for myself (leg cramps) and my 90 year old parents for muscle cramps and stool softener.  It works great for my leg cramps but too strong on the stool softener side for me.  My parents on the other hand experienced good results on both.
825. Not bad! Been taking magnesium daily for over a year and did not notice any difference between this brand and the OTC one I was using prior from TargetWay better for my wallet so definitely repurchasing
826. This summer, my pops ended up looking like Rudolph the red nose reindeer from the weightfriction of his glasses. Luckily, these were available & I got em for him. He's now back to his normal grouchy self, minus the red nose. :)
827. This definitely works!! Its very strong so do as the instructions say and take it with a good meal. When I take on an empty stomach or with a snack it makes me feel nauseous.
828. MY hubby and I use the product to relaxAnd help with Sleeping. Product Works WellWe'll order again.
829. This is the first time I tried a Turmeric Curcumin product for chronic joint and muscle pain. I was surprised how quickly I found relief. Within the first few days I noticed a reduction in inflammation my knees and the pain was gone. I am a believer in this product!
830. I tried another product once and it did not work as well. I went back to this and am very satisfied.
831. This is great, it works as it should. I only take it every other day because it makesme nauseated if I take every day. I started on the Keto diet and didn't want anyconstipation and end up with ulcerative colitis. I am happy with he results.
832. Magnesium is an essential supplement for women.  It makes a noticeable difference in my everyday life in many areas from lessening anxiety to keeping me regular.  I’m happy with this purchase because it’s a good deal for a quality product.  Thank you!
833. Use this product to help with restless legs. Seems to work well and for the price it’s better than picking up at the grocery store!
834. I've been taking magnesium citrate for years after totally not being able to go.. I've tried other brands and wanted something that wasn't a horse pill.. Though the pills are smaller, just one will make me nauseous.. I thought for a while I might be sick until I ruled it out to these pills.. second day of not taking them and I feel normal again.. just keep in mind these are potent and while they may work for you it didn't work for me.
835. Pain in my limbs have greatly lessened  from taking this.  I can finally enjoy walking again.
836. Great product speedy delivery would rest again
837. I haven't been taking it long enough to review.  It is easier to swallow than my former brand.  I love that it has more mg than any other brand.
838. Works well, will order again.
839. This product contains lead! Completely shocked it’s still on the market and being sold. Disgusted that this product is being sold on amazon
840. Im soglad i got this electric razor. In the package it says it is for men, but this works great for me. I tried it dry on my legs and did a great job. It doesnt irritate my legs even when they were dry. I love this comes with a storage case. And i like it show the battery life so i know when to charge it.
841. These would of been great if it wasnt for the smell. I washed it before using it and my baby seemed  to like it. Then i smelled it, the smell of plastic is so strong even washing it wont go away. Kind of smells like the slime kids play with or worse. So now im not sure if i want to put it in my baby's mouth again. They do work for what is intended though, it is just the smell. Not sure if others have noticed it.
842. We bought this to keep the horde of feral cats in our neighborhood from using our front yard as a litter box. We followed the directions (and even extended the daily application by 4 days) but  it did very little to deter them from using our mulched area as a bathroom. If keeping wild cats out of your yard is your intended purpose for this spary, my experience is that it doesn’t do the trick.
843. This was a life saver for me on my last long trip.  I typciially use a powder formula for my prebiotic, but traveling makes this very inconvenient.  These capsules worked just as well and were easy to use and travel with.  Very effective product that I will use in the future when I travel.
844. Good product.  Shipped quickly.  Thank you
845. Stronger than my old dollar store readers. I needed new magnifiers for crafts. My old ones got chewed by my puppy. I decided to try stronger ones. These do the trick and are stronger than what I needed. Like the fashionable colors. I might take a pair to work and keep on my desk. This is very handy to have spares. I have super high powered ones that only work for jewelry inspection, but not very useful. The +5.00 is good for hand work and miniatures.
846. Look at the way these came ... I have to straighten them  out! I don’t even know if they’re going to taste like because looks like they’ve been in some ways back office or store room for a while Forgot for sure I will upgrade this when I get that information
847. Great alterative paper towel. Wipes up stuff easily and is as durable as normal paper towels.
848. These drink packets are perfect for rehydrating after a long bike ride. They are very compact and light, which is nice for being out and about. The drink has nice flavor and isn't overly fruity or sugary.
849. This worked very well for covering my dish to take to the potluck. It was clingy like what I am used to but had the added bonus of being compostable!
850. These are a decent option if you are looking for a reusable period product. They are easy to use and clean, but I do find them a bit bulky. I like that the inner lining is black so I don’t have to worry about stains.
851. This is ok if you are only going to use it for a short time, but I would invest in something better if you are going to wear it all day every day. This item came with one set of glassesframes that you could stick the 5 disposable shields to. It was pretty hard to get it to work. It looked like there was a groove for the shield to fit into, but I could never get it in. The adhesive was pretty lame. By the end of two hours it was coming off. So much for extra protection.
852. This provided a nice relaxing bath. I personally prefer traditional lavender scents. This one smells more floral than lavender-y. It did bubble and fizz, which created  an inviting bath.
853. I was so looking forward to this foot soak, but it failed to deliver. It seems to me I may have just gotten a defective product. It is super oilyliquid-y instead of dry salt. It is almost as if the machine adding the ingredients to the bag malfunctioned and added 1 cup of oil instead of 1 tbsp. Also, it isn’t 16 oz like it says on the listing. The item I received was much lighter and smaller which also might be tied to the defective mixture. On the bright side, the scent is powerful and lovely.
854. Great coq10. It is a higher concentration than most which is super nice. No more taking multiple pills for just one supplement.
855. This is a lifetime supply of nasal relief packets. Just add them to your Neti pot with some distilled water and you are good to go! They really help if you have a sinus infection or really bad allergies.
856. This product is pretty disposable. I will work for some cleaning, but not for very long. It is pretty equivalent to a sponge from the dollar store.
857. Gotta love the good old clif bar. They really delivered on their original quality and creative ingenuity. These are just the right size for a snack at work (see my picture comparing the size of the mini bar to an original sized one I had on hand). They look really dark in color...probably just because of the coffee that has been added. You can really taste the espresso flavor, though it is very pleasant.
858. This is just the thing to have on hand. With the whole COVID outbreak this is the kind of supplement that you don’t need until you really need it. I like that it has elderberry, vitamins and b in addition to the standard vitamin c.
859. This is an easy switch to make both for the planet and for your wallet. I have had a set of dryer balls (a different brand) for 3+ years and they are still going strong. These don’t feel like they are wrapped quite as tightly as my old set, but I fully expect them to last over a year. They don’t leave any fuzz behind on my clothes and they don’t have any weird chemicals. This is a very affordable option to substitute for dryer sheets.
860. Pretty standard Tupperware. This is a great bulk option if you find that folks aren’t bringing back your borrowed containers. I just wish there was more than one size.
861. I am very happy with this supplement. I have purchased from this company before and have never had issues. Magnesium is great to help with muscle soreness.
862. Soap just falls right out it feel nice but ur soap doesn’t stay in it at all I filled it up put it down the grave it again all of soap was where it was sitting
863. The perfect straws for a Root beer float!
864. This product is a great idea. It works pretty well, although it doesn't always register when I drink and keeps flashing. Doesn't work at all with a straw. Still, it reminds me to hydrate and I really need that. My only real complaint is that it is worth about $5, not the $25+ that I paid for it. I hate that it is the only thing I could find that does this job. The manufacturerseller should be ashamed for charging so much for a very basic gadget. If you can, wait until someone with ethics makes something that does the job that this product does.
865. I like this brush for cleaning the inside of my decanter.  I can bend the tip to reach the top inside, as well as the bottom inside.  The best thing is this brush is dishwasher safe.
866. Great value and really nice sponge that has substance to it, not just a piece of netting tied together.
867. This is exactly what I need. I need the extra protection against harsh chemicals in my work environment. It goes on soft and does not feel heavy or greasy. This size jar will last me quite a long time.
868. I travel a lot and don't always have access to food. I like to carry these as they are convenient and tasty for a nutrition bar. The other types tend to be too large and too sweet tasting for me. This size is much better. I can eat enough without getting tired of the taste and is just enough to satisfy my hunger until I can get a proper meal.
869. Excellent! No twigs or anything like that. I also checked it and it turned my flashlight on so it's the real deal.
870. I got one of these temporary sunglasses from my eye doctor. I am tired of buying clip on sunglasses just to have them get scratched or broken. These work great, and when one is scratched up, I’ll throw it and grab a new one. Perfect.
871. It works, but it's not really powerful enough.
872. Though the price per pound is as good as  Anthony's Erythritol, which I usually buy in 5 lb bags, this product has slightly larger granules and will not pour through my sugar dispenser.  Since Erythritol in general does not dissolve as easily as sugar, it seems unwise to make larger crystals which may not dissolve in baking and in other recipes.  The taste and quality (GMO free) are great and there are no lumps.  The package is attractive and re-seals.  I bought this to try using a smaller, more a convenient bag  since it was the same price per pound, but I will not be buying this brand again.
873. When I work out, I like to supplement my protein, so I've tried many brands and flavors including Solgar and Quest.  I've also tried a number of Syntrax Nectar flavors - some I like, some I don't, but Fuzzy Navel is my favorite. It's just a little sour for me, so I add a little stevia, and voila!  A fruity treat that helps me meet my protein goals on workout and after-workout days.  No weird smells or tastes, fairly easy to mix up, great when stirred into water and then blended with ice!
874. I am forever putting my glasses down and covering them up when I am working, so I am constantly searching for my glasses when I could be working! These are a great buy for a set of three different colors, and are well made. No more losing my glasses!
875. Works great on sensitive teeth, has reduced tartar buildup, superior quality, really holds a charge, hard travel case an awesome bonus.
876. No Assembly required.  Very sturdy and safe to use.  I used this in my bath room as tub is little higher to get in.I give five stars because it is very sturdy and safety when used in wet places. My Aunt is of 185 pounds and easily get in after taking step in this and get in to tub .
877. Perfect product for what we needed them for! I scooped ice cream into each one, fed a straw and a spoon into the slot of each lid, and put them all in the freezer...at party time, we scooped ice into the tub I had them in, everyone could choose their own flavor soda to pour over the ice cream in their cup, and each person got to have an easy, no mess ice cream soda. It couldn't have worked better. Thanks!My only complaint is that the lids stuck together really badly and took me forever to separate some of them.
878. The plastic bottle it comes in is cheap and useless it sprays poorly and it leaks when you tip it on its side to spray. Probably transfer into a manduka container.
879. This Japanese style bench is a great addition to my bathroom, I love the ease of sitting under the shower and washing my legs and feet and not having to worry about balancing myself, Get one I think you will be very happy with this purchase.
880. I like that it has the combination of supplements in this since I take each daily anyway. I especially like that it helps to improve my skin but I also take for my overall health and to help with my joints
881. As far as gifting tissue-paper goes, it's great quality at a great price for the amount. I have had no issues with tearing easily. I love the teal color!
882. My two girls went nuts over these bath bombs.First of all they are packaged nicely and none of them came chipped or broken.They are lightly scented and lightly dyed. This makes me feel better as us ladies have to take precaution when bathing especially with harsh soaps and dyes. They are definitely not "LUSH" quality but still work well and look nice.
883. I have very thick course hair and not only did this straighten my hair perfectly and it added shine. I did use a heat protectant. The brush side allowed me to straighten at the root and while it did get bone straight it did not straighten as well as other side.  But I love the brush side, Love the rotating cord. It’s just perfect!
884. These Aneercare washable menstrual pads are okay overall. I haven’t tried any other reusable pads like this so I can’t compare. So far I have used them as a pad after the 1st and 2nd day of my cycle when it is lighter. I was too nervous to use when I first started this month because I had to work all 16 hours t and didn’t want to risk having a huge mess on my hands. I find them to be comfortable and and they don’t make any crinkly noise while wearing. They have washed well so far. I always do a nice hand wash before putting in the washing machine.  I dried them also and wonder if the plastics button will warp eventually
885. WOrks like a charm.  Has the bottom of my feet feeling baby soft.  I have,  the funkiest, sweatiest feet ever seen in a woman.  I have tried the “As Seen on TV” products, and  slathering my feet in coconut oil and wearing socks, etc. to no avail.  But when I found this all the other went in the trash.  I have been using this product on my feet for a few weeks .  After use  I apply some foot cream to smoothen my feet. Foot cream and this scrapper are a  good combination to have healthier looking feet soon.
886. Used to line up my undercut.  Works like a dream.  It cuts close and does not bite the skin.  I also use on my brothers hair and he wants to steal it.  nope get your own
887. This is far better than drinking the teas.  I do not enjoy tea, or the taste.  So this is a great addition to my detox days.  Just pop a pill and I can instantly feel like i am more focused and less bloated.  I do not get the sudden urges to use the bathroom, i am eased into going.  My skin is clear, my stomach is less bloated, and i have more stamina.
888. My joints are slightly better with this supplement.
889. Garcinia Cambogia is a small, sour tropical fruit used traditionally as a condiment and to prevent formation and increase release of intestinal gas.  This herb used as natural appetite suppressant. Aids in weight management and does not taste bad.  I mix it in with my yogurt and shakes.  Hopefully it will help me loose weight.  I've taken for 2 days now, 3 doses total, and I already have more energy and notice a suppression in my appetite.
890. (4.5)These Zep cleaners that came in the Zep cleaning bundle work perfectly. Just like brand names, if not better than some.This bundle comes with an all purpose cleaner and a streak free glass cleaner. The all purpose cleaner is a degreaser as well and it works brilliantly! We had grease splatter on the stove top and I was dreading the clean up but figured it would be a great test for this stuff. I gave it a spray, let it sit for 60 seconds, attempted a wipe up, and wow! The grease came right up. I was impressed. I wasn't 100% in love with the smell but the cleaning power sold me.The glass cleaner I would definitely say is in line with other blue glass cleaners. It only streaked if I wiped it really poorly (I can streak any windowmirrorglass surface imaginable, I am so bad at that). It had the normal smell that you would expect. I liked it a lot.I thought both these cleaners were very good. I'm not sure about the price and how it compares to other cleaners though. Even though I definitely recommend these for their cleaning power, I did have to take just a tad off for the slightly higher cost.
891. These gloves are excellent. They work well. The gloves have granules in the palm and fingers that help to cause friction which leads to a better grip. All I know is that these gloves hold on to things like those pesky dishes much better than some others I've used in the past. These are latex free, waterproof, and go up a good distance on the arm to help keep you dryclean and the waterdirtetc. out. This pack is very good because the gloves come in different colors so you can use them in different rooms without confusing, say, the bathroom and kitchen gloves! I love these.
892. So far so good with these capsules. I've had no bad side effects and some good so that works well. They seem to do wonders for the hair and skin. They are said to have antibiotic type effects as well which is always a plus. These are rich in antioxidants and the capsules are vegetarian. Since you are supposed to take one capsule twice a day this is only a one month supply so that's something to consider when deciding if you are going to start a regimen that includes this exact brand of Neem Seed Oil Supplement. It's a good supplement to use and seems to work so it may be worth it.
893. The shampoo is very good. The lid is a bit shaky as I'm sure other reviews probably state but the shampoo is very good. It gets right into your scalp and works so well on all that annoying dandruff. My scalp is very dry and upset with pretty much any type of weather all year round. Currently it's mad at the sun and the end of summer weather. I used this and after three uses if felt and looked quite a bit better. I still have dandruff but it's an ongoing battle and this shampoo is really helping in the fight!I would recommend giving this a shot if you are having some issues. It does help. The lid is not the best made and it can leak a little but it's still worth it. Just be careful with the lid.
894. I’d been using Burt’s Bees drops, saw these, and thought to try them.Bad idea.Bad taste.Bad texture.In addition – they’re far too pricey.Not something I’d get again or recommend.
895. This is just one of MANY at-home tests out there.I actually have experience with a similar test – my mom’s A1c test that is sent every few months. In fact, she got one just a few days before I posted this review.This works IDENTICAL to that one.Each has:✉️ Pre-paid mailer to send back💉 Lancets (at least 3)🧼 Alcohol Prep Pad🩸Card for blood droplets📃 Instructions☣️ Bio-Hazard bag for sample card🩹 Band-aid(s) for afterThe idea is simple – prep the card (with the sticker and fill out info), wash hands, prick fingers, droplets on card, wait until it dries, package it up, mail within a certain amount of time.As for the accuracy …My mom’s A1c was pretty accurate when done this way.This allergy test? I was a bit surprised by the results – no to nuts, which I thought I had an issue with. Turns out – maybe not. Goat cheese (feta) – no allergy there. STRONG reaction to goat’s milk. That’s interesting, but I wouldn’t doubt it.The cost? Under $150, probably comparable to a lab if you don’t have insurance.It is from a certified lab and the results are viewed by a physician. I wouldn’t use it to self-treat, but it isn’t bad to know what’s going on.
896. I didn’t expect much from these, and I didn’t get much. Thankfully, I didn’t get them as a bathshower substitute so I have to admit, that I was able to get SOME use from them.There was a point when my hot water heater went out that I was taking a bath with baby wipes. And, yes, I did manage clean my entire body. No issues there, though I don’t recommend it for everyone.New hot water was installed by the maintenance team where I live. So, that ended my makeshift bath option.Seeing these, and remembering that, I decided to snag them.🧼 They are thick, about 4x thicker than the baby wipes we like (Huggies natural care)🧼 They do have some suds🧼 They are easily discardedDo they clean?Well, I decided to test them on the dirtiest part of my body – MY FEET. I wear my flip-flops a lot, and since the shoes are black – you can well imagine how dirty my feet could get. Add in stepping outside for bit here or there or driving without shoes (which, yes it is legal) – my feet can get nasty fast.Which, in that case – PERFECT test for these wipes.My feet are a size 7 – I say that so you can gauge how big my feet are in relation to how well these worked.After getting them wet – not a lot of suds. Okay …I wet my feet first and scrubbed them with this pad. It isn’t scratchy, but it isn’t soft either. The dirt came off and I splash rinsed before drying my feet. One “towel” did both feet, but no suds were left after. I threw the towel away and was satisfied.It didn’t dry my feet out the way other soaps do – that was good.Would I trust ONE for my entire “larger” body – NO. Not at all. I would definitely need at least one for my back, one for the back of my legs, at least three for my front region, and perhaps one for my arms.Total: at least six (6) wipes. As there are only 30 in this pack – not a great value at all. I did better with cheaper baby wipes. In addition, I’m not sold on the “no-rinse” deal.These are not something I’d get again, and I honestly don’t recommend them.
897. The carpet in my town home is 13+ years old, so it has seen better days. It wasn’t even new when I moved in. And, the management doesn’t offer carpet cleaning anymore (the old one did). They also don’t replace the carpets either, unless you move out.So, naturally I want something to refresh.And, with all the bad things out there, trying to find a nice “good” refreshener is a chore.Seeing this, I thought – “why not” …And, I found out why not.The package is atrocious. The product, despite having a seal, sprinkled out. The seal wasn’t easy to remove, and more product flies out.Let’s talk about scent – if you have a problem with strong scents … STAY AWAY!!Since it is just my mother and I in the household, we have no small kids or pets – we sprinkled this on the carpet.It says to wait 15 minutes. Now, we only sprinkled a small area. But, after 5 minutes, we had to get rid of it. So, we vacuumed it up.THAT MADE IT WORSE! O-M-G!! It smelled like old tuna cans and peppermint! Gross.Effective? I cannot believe any germ would stay around with this. It did lighten the carpet, but I had to toss the rest of this due to the scent.It is definitely not worth the $9.99 it is currently listed as. It isn’t something I would get again or recommend.Now, I need to find out how to get the stench out!
898. Having eczema and psoriasis on my fingers, sometimes I have to protect them. And, using latex finger cots when I have a sensitivity to latex isn’t easy.Also, I tend to go through a lot of them. Some fingers they are too tight, others too loose.These seeming like the perfect idea – some kind of fabric, reusable (even washable), and easy to store.The problem is the fabric – it is MUCH too rough for my skin. They’re itchy, a bit tight at times, and not easy to use.I’m sure someone else would like this, for me it’s a hard pass.
899. Looking to get some “good for you” stuff added to my routine, I decided to get this.Now, for the price – I’m not exactly impressed. It does smell rank, but when I mixed it with milk, it tasted pretty good. Even my mother was impressed.I did feel a bit more energetic and it was easy to use.This isn’t something I would get again, but it wasn’t as bad as I thought for my first protein powder go around.
900. Thanks to the VINE program for a complimentary bottle. A positive review is not required and all thoughts are my own.At my mom’s last doctor’s appointment, they did a bone density scan and it was recommended she get vitamin D as well as calcium.As we don’t go out much due to the pandemic, I thought this was a pretty good way of meeting her needs.The small, easy-to-swallow, capsules are a BONUS. As she lives with me, she hasn’t complained of; nor have I seen any; side effects.Manufactured in the USA and gluten free. The GF is important as she is trying to reduce her gluten intake.Pretty fair price as well.
901. I very rarely wore sneakers or athletic shoes prior to the pandemic as no matter what brand I bought (Dr. Scholl’s; Etnies; Reebok; Skechers) they hurt my feet. I even tried gel inserts – nothing would help.I often, and with great success, wore flip flops. I wore them at theme parks, at a racetrack, running errands.But, I still craved the security of a sneaker.I decided to get these, and thought they’d work.The BIGGEST issue – no guidelines to cut the insert. And, for what they’re charging paying customers (I got a complimentary review product) – that is really unacceptable. Even the cheap Dr. Scholl’s have guidelines.As far as comfort? These inserts were a tad too stiff and rough. With my feet already having issues – I didn’t want to wait a good two weeks to see how well they worked. Then again, due to the pandemic – that two weeks might be months as I don’t go out. I mostly due curbside, drive-thru, or delivery for what I need.Given the mixed reviews – I don’t think I’d get these again and I would caution against anyone I personally know, purchasing them.
902. This is one of the RARE color sets that has base, matte top, and glossy top coats. The colors are pretty much “YGWYS” – you get what you see in other words.The base coat does have a HINT of pine scent to it, but the top coat doesn’t. Speaking of smell, these are low odor.Duration? Because my nails grow out so quickly,  I am changing my manicure every 7-10 days. So, I can say they last at least THAT long if done properly.You will need an LEDUV lamp to cure it.
903. As someone who does their own nails ... these are COARSE buffers for regular, gel, or acrylic nails.However, I really got them for my rough feet. I live in the desert and most of the time I wear flip-flops out. That results in rough, dry, scaly feet. Not even scrubs work. So, I choose a coarse grit buffer andor file.That does the job! These are also way easier to hold than a file. And, I get into most of the places.Pretty happy with them. Packaging could be better for storage though.
904. Finding alternate “straw” options can be overwhelming. Do you want disposable or reusable.In the disposable case, there are only a few choices. Paper is one of them.These are a bit less reliable than other paper straws I’ve used, and they cannot be used for a lengthy period of time weather in soda or tea.They might work temporarily, but they might need to be replaced if using for a lengthy amount of time.
905. This set is WONDERFUL!The back scrubber, the facial scrubber, the body brush, the sponge. My goodness! Each shower is a spa experience that is definitely relaxing.Definitely happy with this, would get it again.
906. I tend to go through back brushes pretty quickly, and I decided to look into a back scrubber like this.I had originally gotten it for my mom as I had gotten another set.She didn’t enjoy it as much as I did and prefers a brush or a chain sponge.For me? I liked it. The bristle side I use more often to scrubwash my back after shampooing and conditioning my hair.I have a pink one like this and they both work the same – and given my size, it is really easy to use.It also seems long lasting. So, I’m fairly happy with it!
907. While shaped like bears – these are vegan vitamin C gummies.They are a bit “harder” than some of the other supplements out there, but do work pretty good. There is definitely no after taste.If you’re healthy or have a few issues, you might not see much difference.I use them as a supplement to stay well and healthy which is crucial with the winter months coming up.
908. Sometimes we often need a fork and don’t want to have to wash one up.Weighing the disposable factor against the use of water and soap for ONE fork is sometimes stressful.These forks eliminate that. 100% compostable and disposable.These are more like the “salad” size fork, but could be for smaller kids who can’t yet manage a bigger fork.Durable and better for the environment.Pretty happy with these and I know they’ll last a long time in my house. In the event I need to get more – I’ll definitely get these!FYI: The bigger fork is from a different set. These are the forks on the right.
909. These are the higher end gloves that you might see at fast food places or in higher end hair color kits.They are really “tough” but also comfortable to use. I got them for food use at home because I got tired of scraping food out from under my nails and re-washing my hands countless times as a result.These make food prep and service easy, even though I am only serving myself and my mom.I also don’t have to worry about anything from my nails (despite washing countless times) from getting into the food.They’re pretty easy to slip on and off. They're not quite "true to size", but there is barely wiggle room.
910. Thank you in advance to the Amazon VINE program for providing an item to review. A positive review was not required, nor was it requested, and all words are my own.My mother and I suffer from chronic pain – knees, back, shoulder.Part of pain management is heat therapy. In some cases – moist heat.It is difficult to get a “moist” heating pad. And, it’s also difficult to get it to contour or FIT the difficult areas – knees, shoulder … ankle. Either you’re awkwardly sitting, laying, or balancing something.I’d been seeing and hearing about these “microwave” packs and took a chance on it.This was a dual pack so that meant one for my almost 70 year old mom (who lives with me) and one for me.First thing that struck me when I got the package – WHAT THE HECK DID I ORDER? It was HEAVY. I almost worried that perhaps I’d gotten something I couldn’t use.I took one, and gave one to my mother.She was the first to use it. She LOVED it! Only 120 seconds (2 minutes) in the microwave and it lasts for about 10 minutes. She can place it on her shoulder and it stays put. The moist heat does the trick in alleviating pain.A few days after she tried hers, my knee was in horrific pain. It was so bad I was dragging it around. So, I warmed mine up. And, as hers didn’t get that warm – I went three (3) minutes. I wrapped it around my knee with the Velcro, and …. WOW! It was HOT! I could barely tolerate it. So, this really gets hot. I’ve had regular heating pads on HIGH heat and barely felt it. This – I FELT IT!I didn’t have it on that long, but I can state – this gets warm! And, it stays warm.The Velcro closure is heavy duty and I felt like I might end up tearing the poor thing. The weight makes sure it stays in place.We love it and honestly, it might the last heating pad we ever get! Also – they’re HUGE!
911. I like form  of these, where i don't have to store big plastic bottle of detergent.  they are easy enough to use.for normal dirty clothese, these work fine.  The scent is not too strong, at least for my taste and my husbands.however, he worked in the yard putting up decorations and his clothes were a mix of sweat, dirt and i don't even know what.  I did use double dose and not all the dirt came out.  Most of it did, but there were still a few spots where i can see dirt spots.  My husband said it's ok becasue they are his work clothes but for me, i need my clothes clean, really clean.  the sweat smell came out nicely but i don't think this is strong enough for really tough, deep dirty clothes. We started using different things around the house to be eco friendly and this is a really nice way to add to that.  I did have to wash a few things again and i did use my normal detergent and it came out fine.
912. i've seen these on the home shopping channels and was always going to order for my husband, who drives a mini van and is ALWAYS complaining that the windshield is foggy.  The windshield is huge and it was always a big job to be able to twist around to get the windshield, especially at the very bottom.  This does the job.  it protects your knuckles too.  We tried it yesterday and it worked perfectly.  We still had to stretch but not contort ourselves to get the job done.  I used a bit of window cleaner and it really removed the haze effortlessly. It stays secure on your hand too. We haven't tried it on our stainless kitchen yet but that's next.  I think if the microfiber pad would be a tad bidder, it would work too.  it's just a nice product that makes the job of cleaning the windshield much easier.
913. these are nice and sturdy bags, with tie handles, which is important to me.i put them in our bedrooms, offices and bathrooms.  I also have on in our garage for our kitty litter scooping bag.they are strong.  after a week of scooping kitty litter 2 times a day, i just yanked that bag out of the can on trash day without even thinking about it and it didn't stretch or tear.  i was using another eco friendly bag for the kitty stuff and a few times it did tear.  these have no scent and fit perfectly in those smaller trash cans like bathroom, offices etc.  its a good and sturdy bag that works.
914. let me start off by saying, i'm from philly, home of the superbowl champs, the Eagles !  Dallas is not very welcome around here however, i do like to jab my husband every now and then.  I will be using these for tailgating.  We have season tickets so I will be taking these to a few games, just to freak people out.  I used one to hold some cut up watermelon and take it to work for a few coworkers.  it zipped and unzipped fine.  it didn't leak and didn't stretch.  When i unpacked it at lunch, there wasn't even a drip that came out of it.  for me, that's important.  i take fruit to work every day and also pack fruit for my whole family. i use smaller bags for them but i was treating some coworkers so i needed a large bag like this.  i used a bag to store some soft pretzels and put them in the freezer.  you really can't go wrong with ziploc.  the only thing different is the logo on the bag.  it's really a beautiful star, dallas cowboys star. if you are a dallas fan or know one, this would be a great gift for them.  what i like about ziploc bags is the zipper.  i have had others that the zipper gets stuck and i land up breaking it and the bag is useless.  i used 4 of these bags and the zipper was easy open, and easy close and strong.  i have broken zippers by tugging too hard also.  these are great bags.  this is my normal brand that i buy and have always bought, without the dallas star lol
915. This has a very nice cherry almond scent.  As soon as i opened the box, I instantly recognized the scent.  It didn't spill or anything and i'm not quite sure why the box smelled but it's nice.  I really like this brand.  This is not my first lotion from them.  This lotion absorbs instantly.  My one pet peeve is putting lotion on and having greasy hands.  I can't stand it and over the years have thrown out expensive lotions because of it.  This absorbs into my skin instantly.  I'm currently wearing a brace on my  knee and from all day wearing it, my skin is extremely dry when I take it off and I put this on and no more dry skin.  The pump is nice and works well.  If you put this on right after a shower, you will smell the cherry during the day especially if you sweat or get overheated.  I really like this scent and of course really like this lotion.  It reminds me very much of Aveeno.  For a long time, Aveeno was my lotion of choice.  It didn't make my hands greasy and absorbs and it is a nice product but this one is just like it and for less.  I really think this is a great lotion.  If you don't like greasy hands or skin and like Aveeno, try this one
916. I love this dryer, I'm not coordinated enough to use a brush and hair dryer at the same time. This makes styling and drying so much easier. It's also helpful to freshen up a look later in the day. It has 3 modes, cool, warm, hot. You can use this right out of the shower or use a blow dryer to partially dry and then use this blower brush.Great for a smooth look, have as much volume as you want.
917. This is a must have for anyone who gets migraines. Keep this in your freezer and use as soon as you start to get a headache. The cold plus the blocking out of the light helps so much, it will shorten or decrease the pain of your migraine.
918. I prefer whitening strips, it’s hard to get toothpaste placement according to the directions. I really don’t like holding the tray in my mouth for 30 minutes.
919. I wish I could give a zero star rating. These do nothing, they have so little scent that you have to put your nose right up to them. Nothing happens in the shower except it turns the water color before it goes down the drain. I have to throw these out as they have no other use.
920. I love the disposable eye steam masks, they are so great for dry eyes. I like having an electric version that I can use for much longer. Sometimes I use this over wet cotton flats for even better results. Same with under eye gel pads. The heat really helps the serums absorb. There are 4 heat levels and 4 time options, the longest is 30 minutes. Great to relax you for sleep or a amid afternoon break when your eyes are tired from the computer screen. The lavender part comes separately, you can  insert it if you want to use it.The heated part is inserted into the sleep mask or can be removed from the sleep mask. There is also a cold pack that can be inserted as well or it can be used as a regular sleep mask.
921. I wasn't sure what to think about this, but I saw an infomercial and had to give it a try. I've been wearing glasses for over 20 years and never thought about needing to stop my glasses from slipping off my nose because I usually buy well fitting glasses. However, after trying this I realize that I move my glasses back up my nose ALL THE TIME! With this Nerdwax, I was finding myself trying to move my glasses back up my nose, and realizing they were still in the same place. There is a slight smell of peppermint when you first put it on, but it is pleasant and it does not bother my skin or my nose with the scent. I forgot to put it on one day when I went into work, and I was actually disappointed in myself, which is I guess a good way to figure out that this product actually works, and I truly enjoy it. Great job!!
922. These are decent quality cleaning gloves that will fill all your basic household needs.  These gloves are of good durability for basic household tasks.  They are not heavy-duty, but they are well-constructed for tasks like doing dishes, and cleaning the kitchen and bathroom.  They are thick enough to protect your hands enough that you can use hot water for dishes or other cleaning.  Two different-colored pairs in a pack is great because you can easily designate one pair for kitchen and one for bathroom, and not worry about mixing up the two (or use one for toilet cleaning and one for sink and tub cleaning within the bathroom.)  These gloves are both useful and comfortable and I would not hesitate to buy again.
923. I'm a big fan of mint and a big fan of chocolate.  Many see Girl Scout Thin Mints as the apex of chocolate-mint cookiedom, but I was looking for something more.  I think I've found it in these York Peppermint Pattie cookies.  The cookies consist of a chocolate cookie, covered with mint creme and dipped in chocolate.  Here's what's so great about them.  First, these cookies are dipped in dark chocolate, which I, personally, prefer to milk chocolate.  Second, they have a nice layer of mint creme, which gives a nice texture compliment to the crunchy cookie.  Third, the mint creme is a true, strong peppermint- great for those who love their mint.  Overall, this is a great cookie.  I'd happily munch one anytime.
924. I am always looking for ways to curb my appetite so I thought I would give these a try. You are to take so many pills each day I think that is hard to remember to take them and with the smell it is hard to force yourself to do. but I was determined to give it a fair shake. I did take them for a week, and I did notice that it helped my appetite. I am not sure if that is because of what is in them, or because of the terrible smell, who wants to eat after you have smelled that? It did work though, so you have to give some stars for that. I defiantly noticed that i was going to the bathroom more often do the detox part worked as well. This is not something I could add or take for my regular routine, but if you are looking for a way to loose a few pounds, or a way to detox for  a week or so, this would work.
925. So I got them because of my knees.  I never had an injury or sugary or an operation or anything, just some joint pain. I liked the idea of all the ingredientssupplements it had in it.  But especially liked the herbs Ginger, Turmeric and Boswellia Serrate extract.  I have read many reports that say these natural compounds that can help to support a healthy inflammatory response. I am not sure what the other ingredients do like  chondroitin sulfate, glucosamine sulfate, and MSM. But I was not bothered by them either.  I do not know if taking this supplement will actually grow and strengthen my tendons as claimed, but I suppose to be fair it just says it "helps with".  I have a hard time remembering to take 3 pills a day, but to help feel better it is worth it.
926. I like the style of KF94 masks, they fit my face the best and are comfortable for me to wear all day, if necessary. These masks are made in China. They are individually wrapped in plastic bags, which I prefer. I keep backup masks in my car and bag, and this way I know the masks are clean until I need to use one.These masks have smaller ear loops than other KF94 masks I have used. For me, the smaller ear loops are good -- I have a petite face, and the small ear loops help me get a tight fit over my cheeks and chin. If you have a larger face, the small ear loops might not be a positive.The masks have the expected nose clip, but above the nose clip, the masks have a V-shaped cutout. In theory, the V-shaped cutout should help the top of the mask fit better against the sides of your nose, since it’s not a straight line like most masks. But for me, the sides of the cutout stand away from my nose, so they’re right at the bottom of my view. And I worry they are a spot for air to slide in and out of the mask, since they aren’t tight against my face.
927. I have the Galaxy-D color option, which includes 2 adult size masks and 4 PM2.5 filters. The Galaxy-D color is a blue, green, and teal nebula.The masks have adjustable ear loops but no bendy nose pieces. However, the cut of the masks does keep them in place over my nose without the need for the nose wire. The masks also go under my chin.They pass the candle test. The masks have three layers of fabric even without a filter in place: the outer layer with the nebula print, a white lining, and the filter pocket. The filter pocket is open on both sides.At the longest point, the masks are about 10-10.5 inches. The widest point, from nose to chin, is about 5-5.5 inches. I took these measurements after washing the masks in warm water and line drying.The masks are quite large on my face. I usually wear smaller masks. The sides on these go nearly to my ears, and I have the ear loops adjusted to be as small as they can go.The masks are made in China.
928. I always end up with streaks when I clean my windshield, no matter how many times I do it or how careful I am. Same with the television screen, or the stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. Streak city.I like the design of the inShield Wiper. The two elastic straps hold it tight against my palm or the back of my hand. The white plastic board, between the black foam and the microfiber sponge, holds the sponge firm while cleaning various surfaces.The microfiber sponge itself is thick and looks well-constructed. According to the instructions, the sponge is machine washable.The wiper works pretty well on windshields, removing streaks. It’s certainly a lot easier to get the awkward spot right by the dashboard (works best to take it off your hand and hold an edge for that area).The instructions say to use DRY, but I had the best results using glass cleaner on the windows. Same with cleaning my television screen and stainless steel appliances -- using glass cleaner worked much better than using the sponge dry.
929. I spend a lot of time working at my desk, so I’m always looking for ways to add comfort to my day. I have a shiatsu chair massager, but it’s not something I can leave in my chair for the whole day, I have to set it up when I want to use it and move it when I’m done.I can leave this back massager pillow from FAPO on my office chair all the time, which is one big plus for me. The massager has a velcro strap on the back, so that it can be put around a headrest. But the strap is a little short for some office chairs. I have a gaming chair and the strap is too short to fasten if I want to put the pillow at the base or middle of the chair. So if you have a chair with a wide back, the strap might not reach.The back massage pillow has a heat option. I personally wish the pillow got hotter. I can barely feel the heat through a shirt. Higher heat, or even heat levels, would help relax my muscles more.Otherwise, I like this massager pillow a lot. I like that I can leave it on my chair and plug it in whenever I need to work tension out of my neck, shoulders, and back. There are three levels of kneading power, and the flap on top can be removed or left in place. If left on, it dulls the massage power just a bit.
930. This set of 12 bath bombs from MCleanPin is made in China. The back of the box lists the ingredients: sodium sulfate, tartaric acid, deep sea mud, citric acid, sorbitol, mineral oil, plant essence.The bath bombs aren’t labeled with their scents. I wish they were, because I don’t want to look up the product photos every time I want to use one. Some of the colors match, like the white bath bomb for Milk, but I could also see that one being Vanilla (Vanilla is actually blue and purple).Performance wise, I was quite impressed with the fizziness of the bath bombs. They fizzed and floated around the tub for more than 5 minutes! I didn’t expect that, since the bath bombs are on the smaller side.I tried the Cananga bath bomb first, because it’s blue, and I figured that would be the most likely color to stain me or the tub. The bath bomb turned the water a vibrant blue, with a few little specks of gold glitter. Happily, there was no blue residue left on my skin or the tub afterwards. There was a slight gritty feeling in the water as the bath bomb did its thing, but once it was done fizzing, I didn’t notice that any longer.The bath bomb had no fragrance. The whole box of 12 has a slight scent, but on their own, I couldn’t smell anything. I didn’t pick up orange from the Orange bath bomb, or rose from the Rose bath bomb.
931. I wish the labels for the Scented Candle Bath Bombs included the fragrance(s), rather than just “Lucky You” or “Princess” or “To Life!” Since the bath bombs are described as “aromatherapy candles and bath bombs,” the scent is clearly a big part of Purelis’s intentions.But I couldn’t make out any of the scents. I tried “Passion,” since I figured if any color would stain me or the tub, it would be the deep green bath bomb. Did the scent evoke passion for me? Nope. I have no idea what it was supposed to smell like. It didn’t smell bad, but my nose was clueless.The bath bomb didn’t fizz at all. It floated around the tub and slowly dissolved.The “Passion” bath bomb did color the water a deep green color that did not stain at all, so that’s a plus.
932. These Metatarsal Pads by RelaxTony are very thin. For me, they didn’t provide any significant padding.I found it impossible to put on socks when I had the pads on. The pads rolled up before I could even get a sock halfway on my foot.So I thought I’d try wearing the pads barefoot, for times when I’m cleaning the house and could use even a little bit of cushioning. But the pads are made from the sort of rubbery material that picks up *everything.*Lastly, the pads are flimsy. The section that holds them around the toes thins out when the pads are on; I can tell it won’t last long. One step the wrong way, or pulling too hard trying to put on socks and the plastic will rip.
933. What can I say that hasn’t already been said about a box of tissues? Well, the value for this pack of 10 cubes is amazing. Great for stocking up.When I’m sick and my nose is redder than Rudolph’s, I really do notice a difference between Puffs and other tissues. Puffs are much softer against a sore nose.I always thought the lotion was a gimmick until I tried a generic tissue and a Puffs. Yeah, there was a big difference, and you can bet I’ll be keeping a closet full of Puffs.
934. Hubby has this in the oatmeal cookie flavor and prefers it. However, this one wasn't bad, blended well for a vegan protein powder, and the nutrition on it is excellent.
935. This smells amazing. Blends well. All around surprisingly nice for a vegan protein powder. It has risen to the upper ranks of hubbies favorite protein powders.
936. I like the neutral colors, they are a bit smaller than others I have purchased. Okay for the price though.
937. This is a nice set for a kiddo. I say that because it smelled sweet and fruity more than flowers and wow did it color the water. LIKE ALOT.Great skin softening too.
938. This is my new favorite bathroom Pre-spray. And I have tried a bunch. I use to love "unicorn gold" but they have discontinued it and the replacement brand Pootanicals from the same company are terrible. They clog and don't spray. HOWEVER this line from Oopee is amazing.Sprays without getting clogged, smells great, covers the "business" , and is reasonably priced. My only beef is that so far of the two I've tried neither smells anything close to their name.Pear smelled like powdery old lady perfume, bleck.Seasalt smells like a faintly fruity soft floral that is just lovely, but not anything remotely close to salty.Of the two I've tried, Id say avoid Pear and I give an enthusiastic thumbs up to Seasalt.
939. This smells nothing like pear, not even sort of vaguely fruity. What is smells like is an overly powdery old lady perfume. It sort of covered bathroom smells but not as well as other brands I have tried.That said this same company makes another scent called "seasalt" that oddly enough smells nothing like saltwater but is a softer fruitier smell that works extremely well. So while I cannot recommend "pear" I do think the brand does make some versions that in fact do a spectacular job.
940. The container is so pretty and the small footprints make them perfect for my desk. However they are not soft at all and while they are three ply those plies don't really stick together. The also have a faint odor. I will use them but they are not the quality they should be for the price.5 stars for the packaging, but a generous 3 stars for the actual blowing your nose experience.
941. Hands down hubby's new favorite protein powder. He has been on the search ever since having to go off whey protein for something that didn't taste horrible. Vegan protein powders can be pretty rough taste and texture wise but he really liked this one. It dissolved well and the only downside would be the price.
942. These are delicious, to the point that its hard to just suck on them and not eat the bag. They didn't do much for my throat, but they were tasty enough to take my mind off it. They are overpriced though, not worth a 50 cents a lozenge.
943. I opened the bag and was like "oh geez what have I gotten myself into". Rather than a pretty purple powder its a darkish purple tinted brown, not at all appetizing to look at. Since I'm lazy, I tossed 12 tsp onto my Greek yogurt with some blueberries. Took a bite and was pleasantly surprised. It tastes almost like mild raisins. Slightly sweet but not too much, just enough to take away some of the tartness of the greek yogurt. I like the protein and probiotics found in Greek yogurt but I don't enjoy the tart. I put fruit in, but I really don't want to crank up the sugar and carbs. This stuff added less than 1 carb and 0 grams of sugar, but took the edge off the tart. I will be adding it to my morning yogurt from now on.
944. I know it shouldn’t matter but I really like the pink, rosy color of this automatic hair curler. It’s easy to use and works really well. I like that it gets super hot, up to 430°F, because that’s what I need to get the curl to stay. It gave me bouncy spiral curls and doesn’t tangle. It comes with a pair of clips. Pretty good a little hair tool.
945. Taking Trim Probiotic for Women has definitely made me feel better overall. I've taken probiotics for quite a while now and I always look for ones with a high CFU. 25 billion is a great number. I don't think they've made me any trimmer, but I think I've had less bloating overall. The serving size is one pill per day. Easy peasy. $50 for a month's supply isn't the most affordable, in my opinion, but I do think this is a good product.
946. I was really looking forward to this biotin and collagen liquid supplement. However something is wrong with the bottle I received. I noticed a thick clumpy white film in the syringe but regardless I went ahead and tried a dose. It was so disgusting; it tasted like sour milk and made me want to vomit. I’m not sure what happened but something was definitely bad with this batch.
947. When I pulled this out of the box I initially was caught off guard by how old school and basic this hair dryer looks. But when I used it, it completely changed my opinion. This hairdryer blows… but in a good way. It dried my hair really fast, way faster than my old hairdryer. It’s wind-tunnel-level airflow and the high heat setting is super hot. Maybe even too hot sometimes. It’s also lightweight and easy to handle. I hope this lasts for a long time.
948. When I was growing up my mother was always trying to sneak healthy ingredients into our food without us knowing. Spirulina powder is a much more subtle way of doing just that. Mixing it in with acidic sauces or dressings completely mask the flavor. I add it to spaghetti and lasagna and no one suspects a thing. Great way to sneak in some iron and protein!
949. I've been using this primarily on the PC, and today I had to use it nearly the entire day. I have to say, they are among the very few comfortable enough for that. The sound quality is spectacular. I had one important phone call where the person on the other end was on a bluetooth headset and the pickup wasn't very good, but I was able to understand him because the headphones were able to block out noise on this side.
950. Issue #1.  I couldn't hold it down.  It was nauseating. Not bad taste, just made me feel sick.Issue #2.  There is no scoop.  Pro tip: it calls for 29 grams. A tablespoon is 15 grams.  Two tablespoons is close enough.Issue #3.  The safety seal was open.  If it came from anyone other than Amazon, it would have gone straight to the garbage.Issue #4.  It clumps and does not dissolve well at all.It tastes good.  That's about it.Basic nutritional information (and I'm going to run a side-by-side with Muscle Milk  and Muscle Milk Light for comparison):115 calories (MM 170; Light 90)2 g fat (MM 9; Light 2.5)1 g saturated fat (MM 2; Light 0.5)45 mg cholesterol (MM 10; Light 5)4 g carbs (MM 8; Light 4)21 g protein (MM 18; Light 14)15% at 140 mg calcium (8 Light 15%)8% at 290 mg potassium (21%; Light 2%)Allergy warnings:MilkSoy (though not soy protein)EggWheatTree Nuts
951. I ended up not not being able to take this.  Myo-Inositol is great for Hashimotos.  I have elevated TPO antibodies and elevated TSH.  But I missed the addition of D-Chiro which *IS* great for PCOS.  But the D-Chiro portion lowers cortisol and my cortisol is actually already on the low side.  One needs well functioning adrenals to help with the Hashimotos so it is a catch 22.As a side note ... Cordyceps is supposed to lower TPO antibodies by 45% if that is something you need.So while these capsules are easy to take and did not upset my gut, I could not continue taking them.
952. Got these for my granddaughter.  She is breastfed but I understand the importance of a good gut biome, especially at an early age.  My daughter was having issues with yeast overgrowth with my granddaughter.  Their doctor recommended good probiotics.  Bio Gaia is a REALLY good one too.There are some great studies that show a more robust gut biome in naturally birthed & breastfed babies, but even that can wane with all the toxins, anti bacterial products we use, and prolific use of antibiotics.  I, personally, understand this.  I am a 70s child, the product of a C-section and was formula fed.  You can say, babies grow up just the same, but they don't. You can never get back or recreate all those bacterial species passed from momma to baby.  I had a number of "auto-immunes" at an early age & they continued with me until my 40s (plus some additional ones) ... it wasn't until I took things like grains and sugars out and started correcting my gut biome that I really reversed and "cured" lifelong ailments.Anyway ... my point is .... if circumstance has led you to C-section or formula feed, because stuff happens, life is not perfect or fair, consider really trying to build babies gut biome back up.  You may not notice it now, but they will thank you decades from now.
953. Was having good success with Bulletproof Stress Gummies, but they contained "malitol" so I started looking for a viable substitute.  THIS brand seemed pretty close.  Same "Sensoril Ashwagandha" just more, same l-theanine, a little more B6, plus the addition of GABA and magnesium.I find this blend helps with anxiety that started for me with peri-menopause.  The kind of irrational anxiety that you KNOW is just anxiety ... the sudden dwelling on all things bad & stressful, the sense of impending doom ... THIS blend helps a LOT with that.  I also find it useful as my brains leans toward overstimulation ... I probably would have been labeled "autistic" as a 70s child had it been a thing.  My brain does not shift gears well.  It is not good at surprises.  Although I cope and try to be rational when hubs asks me to do something suddenly, my brain just won't let me sometimes.  I call it my "gears jamming" ... THIS supplement helps that.  It backs my brain down of the ledge and makes me think reasonably again.Overall ... super pleased with these.  They are just what I was looking for.
954. Super big bottles and ample amount for the price.  I was already familiar with this brand and have trusted it.  Easy to swallow.  No fishy aftertaste or "burps".  Really, no complaints or regrets.
955. Still not my favorite lab.  Although they seemed to fix the shipping label issues from the past.Company asks too many personal questions on their website compared to other like companies.  I end up answering NA to many of the questions.test taken 31722test picked up by USPS TX 31722delivered WA 31922checked into lab 32122 (email was rcvd stating results "should be completed today" - they were not)results ready 32522Punchers were shallow compared to Everlywell punchers.  Took me 3 times on 3 different fingers to get enough blood to complete the test and I have never had that happen before.Test showed no allergies to anything.  Which was odd because my whole life I have been allergic to *tuna*.  So either I fixed my gut biome to where I no longer have the allergy, slightly possible because I have been working on intestinal permeability issues.  OR ... the test is not accurate.I think in this case I still prefer Everlywell as a lab.  I trust them more.
956. Fits well on my average sized female head.  I keep it in the freezer for use whenever I need.  I was almost scared to use it for fear it would be too tight but it is not too too tight and the compression feels good.I recently had an 18 hour migraine triggered by sleeping wrong on an old neck injury.  The type of pulsating headache that no amount of changing positions in the bed would relieve the pain.  Light and sound were unbearable.  I cannot take any meds for my migraines so I use a variety of supplements, showers, ice, heat, etc to try and bring comfort. A nice tool in my migraine arsenal toolbox.  I rotate it out with other things and it helps take the edge off.  With this last "spell" this compression cap was just the ticket.  It allowed the pain to numb just a hair and I fell into a much needed mini nap.  That was the beginning of the end of the this particular migraine.No complaints or regrets.
957. Good & trusted brand.  No flavor.  Easy to consume straight or mix in water or coffee.  No magic results of course, but good for cells and especially intestinal permeability issues.  I tend to have issues holding on to trace minerals and these acids are unlike others found in other formulas.  The two together are supposed to be excellent for healing inflammatory disorders.  No complaints or regrets here.
958. I chose these for their touted "cholesterol lowering" properties.  I am aware that eating cholesterol does not cause cholesterol.  I am aware that eating saturated fat does not cause cholesterol.  I know that inflammation causes cholesterol and any other school of thought is like blaming the bandaid for what the boxcutter did.That said ... because I have a mast cell disorder my body seems to rebel on me and causes high cholesterol.  The first time is was 363 high and I lowered it to 217 by eliminating dairy only.  This was on the recommendation of a nutritionist. We were already on a clean keto ... so no added sugars or grains or other inflammatory foods.  In MY body however, even though I am not allergic to dairy, or intolerant, or 'sensitive" on tests, my body doesn't like it.So ... I again popped a 288 cholesterol 3 weeks ago.  LDL was high and everything else good.  I told my doc I could lower it with dietary changes.  He said sure why not.  So ... about 3 weeks ago I cut out all dairy except butter & heavy cream (which are mostly fat), and added in Citrus Bergamot.  I checked my cholesterol last week and I was 204, which to me is great and I am happy with that.  But I have continued taking this supplement and keeping dairy out (because my pain had gone way down and my energy way up)  I also ended up taking almonds out too because they were making my lip swell and throat sore (again mast cell disorder).  I took my cholesterol today and it was 114.  Is it a fluke?  An outlier?  No idea.  I will get it tested at a lab in a few weeks and I will update my review.But I will say, this supplement seems to makes a difference, coupled with a proper diet low in inflammatory sugars and things that spike insulin and I believe this is a winner.  I would recommend it.
959. I chose this because it is a DK combo and encapsulated in fat. Here is why ==>  K helps you absorb the D and both D & K are fat soluble vitamins.  For about a year now we have been using DK combos in our bulletproof coffee in the morning. (more fat for absorption)  Both my husband and I have had our D checked and we are both slightly over 100.  With the present climate, one wants to be over 75.  If one has an auto-immune, one wants to be as close to 100 without going over.  When I first started last year I was tested at 41.  Which is normal, but not high enough for certain things.  That was considering, I already took a standard D supplement and we were very much outdoorsy people.  Most people just do not not realize they are deficient.So ... all that said ... I appreciate this product.  We still use it in our coffee.  It seems to work well and keeps out levels where we need.  We have gotten our D checked about every 6 months.  No regrets here.
960. Yeah, I know.  Strange thing to purchase and talk about.  Here's the scoop ... we are owner operators and so we own our own trucking company.  Every once in a blue moon, I go with hubs in his truck.  I also have a baby bladder.  I inevitable have to urinate when I should be sleeping at night.  Who wants to get out of the truck and go into a truck stop or otherwise in the middle of the night.  Don't want to have to wake hubs to take me.  Also ... the current health situation in our country ... who wants to use public restrooms?This one is cumbersome. It ends up leaking. Too much tubing. The gasket thingie falls off. I don’t loke this at all
961. Have bounced around a decent amount of collagen powders and we have our favorites.  THIS one just does NOT have a good rich flavor. It is kind of bitter actually.Our favorite in the chocolate category is: "KetoLogic Grass-fed Keto Collagen Powder" ... that one is like drinking hot chocolate.  THIS one is just bleh.  My husband said it was just "alright" ... so edible but nothing special.  Was so jazzed to try another chocolate collagen powder sweetened with monkfruit.  We have been on a clean keto for 2.5 years and love collagen powder in our coffee.  THIS powder, I would not repurchase.  We will go back to Ketologic when we want a chocolatey kick.
962.  ★ free product given for evaluation & review ★This is a nice 4 ounce amber glass bottle of pure Moroccan rosewater.  The amber glass bottle keeps the contents from going rancid as quickly.  Rosewater is excellent for toning and refreshing the face as well as, for me, various household projects such as soaps and such.A few reasons I took this review from a five to a four.  The smell.  Compared to another USDA Organic Rosewater I have, the other brand is more light and refreshing.  Smell for smell, I like the other one better.  On the skin, this spray actually feels a little heavy.  It makes me skin super soft, which is great, but it leads me to believe these is oil in it somehow, but what do I know?  My other rosewater, as well as rosewaters in the past, have been light, like water, and delicate in consistency.This seems to be a nice brand and I truly enjoy using it, but when compared to a like product which I LOVE, this one falls slightly behind it.
963. This was an unexpected little surprise.  I will admit upfront, I *purchased this free to review* it.I do not end up purchasing everything I am offered, I do not believe in purchasing things, or taking things I will not use.  This, however, was intriguing to me.  I have long hair that is past my waist and I already use hair straighteners and curling wands.  I am 43 and with long hair, one must be careful to not fall into the category of having old lady hair that should not be long.  I love my hair and love good hair styling products and hair products in general.The brush registers in Celsius, but the instructions tell you what settings to use, so, getting past the learning curve, it is easy.  The thing can get HOT!  And I would not just set it on the counter.  The back of it gets very hot, even when it is cooling down.A CON is where the buttons are located.  When I am using it, I keep turning it, either, off, or hotter or cooler.  The buttons are in a very, very, bad spot.I have used this on slightly damp hair and dry hair and I say it works best on slightly damp hair.  Small sections also work the best.I have not had any problems with melting plastic or anything.  No weird smells.  No hair burning.Does it make my hair straighter?  Actually ... yes!  And softer too.  That was the pleasantly surprised part.  Do I like this better than my name brand hair straightener?  I don't know.  I think I like them both differently.  I think this straightener is faster.  I think my name brand straightener makes for smoother hair.  I guess I am also afraid of damaging my hair and since this is made out of country, I do not know much about the ceramics used and so I am very conservative and cautious when I use this.I have attached a picture of before and after use.  This was damp, just showered hair.Overall, a good purchase.  I plan on using it often.
964. You would think every pain relief cream is the same.  I guess that is what I thought, but I was wrong.  In the beginning, I would use BenGay.  You can get it at every store and it works.  I like the smell of pain relief creams.  The mentholy smell actually is relaxing in itself for me.  BenGay works for us.  But then, at the chiropractor, I started using BioFreeze.  I guess I should back up a little:My husband has scoliosis, so his back always hurts.  Personally, I have a neck injury (including a spur), a mid back injury from a car wreck, so I have a lot of scar tissue under my shoulder blades.  I have also just been diagnosed with arthritis in my foot.  I probably have it in my knees and elsewhere, going to a rhuemy in a few weeks.  Anyway...I guess what I am trying to say, we have pain.  We are both pretty active, don't like to take a lot of meds, but like most, do not like pain.  Who does?So, Biofreeze, I like BioFreeze, you can get it in a big pump bottle.  It is more of a gel and spreads okay, it just seems like I have to use a lot.  IcyHot, I had to buy that, we were running out of BioFreeze and the store didn't have BenGay.  IcyHot is 'okay'.  It is hard to spread and it seems like you have to use a lot of product.Now RELIEFOR.  I honestly like it.  I had a chance to try it for a discount in exchange for an honest review.  I am glad I did.  I like the consistency.  It is not a lotion, not a gel.  It is a light blue liquid cream and spreads so nicely.  I used it on my husband's back and it it spreads around so easy.  He said it didn't feel as 'hot&#34; as others he has tried, but I had also just given him an alcoholic beverage and he was feeling pretty relaxed.  --- Me...I tried it on my neck and shoulder, knee, and foot.  I like it.  It brought relief.  It brought warmth.  It was easy to put on and absorbed well and is non greasy.I would like to look and see if they carry bigger sizes.  I would buy this again.  It is probably my favorite out of all the creams I have tried.  Really!  So, I recommend trying it and seeing for yourself.
965.  I heard about these a few years ago, how great they are for your teeth. Well, after finally trying them I must say that they did not disappoint. First of all with these, each one is individually wrapped and they look very sanitary. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all peeling off the outer bark and chewing on the stick. It does have a flavor which is sort of indescribable, but bits can come off in your mouth and they are much like shredded coconut. Anyway, after softening and chewing the tip in your mouth by gently chewing on it, the fibers fan out to form a brush. While the stick is long, it's impossible to get the inside of your teeth, but as you use it up it's easier to get your hand in there.So, I wouldn't use these as a replacement for my toothbrush, but they are a wonderful accompaniment. My teeth feel great after using it. It brushes all the plaque away and leaves you feeling super clean but without any mint. Each stick lasts quite a while because you only use half an inch each time, and then use a scissors to snip off the used part so that it remains sanitary.If you've never tried these, all I can say is that my experience was pretty good and I would definitely recommend them. I hope this review and the video has helped you to decide if you'd like to invest in these.
966. I've noticed that very few lemon essential oils capture that fresh lemon fragrance. Too often they smell like bathroom disinfectant. So now, orange is usually my citrus of choice when it comes to essential oils.Move over orange, this grapefruit is sparkling and spectacular.You would swear that you are peeling a delicious grapefruit when you are defusing this organic oil.Clean citrus fragrance that is 100% true to the fruit peel.Cold pressed, you won't find even a hint of a solvent aroma with this high quality oil.Highly recommended.
967. This is a nice little pill box at a reasonable price. Much nicer than the translucent plastic ones that are so common. Even so, I definitely wouldn't call this an upscale product.  Not sure how long it's going to last, especially since it bounces around in my purse. Right now, it stays closed.  I would suggest keeping it in a makeup bag so that it doesn't got a lot of hard wear.  Three compartments that can keep medications or supplements separate.  Very cute.
968. Does this product actually help? Yes, I believe it does. How much of it is the placebo effect? I don't know the answer to that question, all I can tell you is that I did feel some of the benefit that this product claimed.It's not a huge investment, and I'm of the opinion that when it comes to things like this, they can't hurt and could very well help. Keep in mind that every person's body is different.Wishing you the best of luck on your health journey.
969. After trying another brand that was just off enough to not fit my OCedar spin mop, I was really hoping I wouldn't have a problem with these.Fortunately they fit and are a pretty good substitute as a generic form for your spin mop.You have to press down really hard in order to get them to stay, but they are a much more inexpensive option.
970. Although taste is subjective, I found these to be sweet and tasty, not too vinegary. When you first open the bottle it smells stronger than it tastes.If you don't like diluting a teaspoon of vinegar in water and drinking it, these are a nice option.This company has been around a long time and has a wonderful reputation, so I feel confident taking their supplements.
971. These heads were just a fraction off for my O Cedar spin mop. Difficult to get on.
972. I ordered this tourniquet to bring with me in my bag when I hike with my dogs.  Any of us could get an injury requiring a tourniquet.  It is a very handy thing to have with you.  This one is similar to the other tourniquets I have purchased. It is easy to use and light to carry.
973. This provides a subtle, as in VERY subtle, difference.I can't say that it was enough to justify the price, but everyone is different in that area. In addition, everyone's body is different, and yours may respond better than mine.I definitely believe in the theory behind it. But I'm the sort of person that can't wear certain watches because they stop, or I touch light switches and get a little shock, even when there is no activity that would cause it such as walking on a carpet creating static electricity.So do give it a try, this is one of those items that can't hurt and might help. My hope is that it helps you more than it's helped me. Best of luck to you.
974. This oil has the classic sandalwood fragrance. Kind of woody, with a powder and incense base note.It seems to be one of those things that you really like it or you don't.It's a wonderful addition to homemade soaps, especially for gentlemen.
975. I confess that I'm a sucker for any kind of skin or beauty gadget.The hook with this one, of course, is the water cycle.Is it better than the other type? I found to be slightly more effective but it wasn't anything earth shattering. And just like with the other type, be careful because the suction can be quite powerful.
976. While this product might not be for everyone, for my situation, it's fabulous.I have to watch every drop of water I use. Each of these generously sized mitts is in its own individual pouch. As opposed to the more common dry mitts or cleansing towels that you add water to, these are presaturated with a soapy smelling solution that cleans every inch of your body.A quick rinse, and you're done. With almost no water usage.This would be great for campers as well.
977. I was really looking forward to trying this product, after having a good response introducing aloe vera products into my body. The help it's given to my digestive system has been really good.Per serving, this has 50 mg of inner leaf aloe vera powder extract. It also contains vitamins C and E. L-glutamine, alkalizing, silica, blueberry, and a host of other nourishing ingredients rounded it out.I wish that the blueberry powder were organic, but that doesn't diminish its health enough to wear I would give it a lower rating.The sweetness comes from stevia.Australian owned and operated, and who doesn't love our Aussie neighbors?!
978. This radiates a red light, and seems to relieve some discomfort. It's easy to use, just make sure to protect your eyes, the same way you would in a tanning bed.
979. This line is perfect if you have sensitive or irritated skin. It doesn't contain anything that bothers me, and I feel it helps calm down rosacea flare ups.This well-known and upscale Korean company puts out some amazing products. I've been using this with a moisturizer, and the two of them help to maintain as well as repair my 60-year-old thinning skin.
980. I feel that taking these towards evening helps me to sleep better. It takes the edge off some of those racing thoughts that happened to many of us at night. Along with melatonin, this product is helping get some Z's.
981. As a baby boomer, this is a supplement often suggested to my age group.Since taking it, I can't say I'm noticing any big difference, but it's recommended by so many reputable sources that it's now in my regular regime.I also learned that it's best to take in the morning when you first wake up.This one is a decent value and from a reputable company.
982. With three dogs, we get our share of little accidents, and sometimes not so little accidents.This spray works very well on pet odors, including urine. It's very easy to use thanks to the spray bottle that directs the product just where you want it.I've used it on a variety of surfaces. It cleans just about everything, but really shines when it comes to my fur babies. One of them is pad trained but sometimes misses the pad. This cleans it up quickly and effectively.It has an orange fragrance that's actually quite pleasant.
983. I love my dogs. However, one of them had a habit of ripping out the insoles of my shoes when he was a puppy.These insoles are nice and soft and are certainly an upgrade from the insoles that were torn up. There's just enough cushioning, they aren't going to crowd or cramp your feet. On days when you aren't wearing socks, they feel so comfortable against your bare skin.A little bit of luxury for your feet.
984. I used to put a warm washcloth on my face prior to doing extractions. It's messy and inconvenient, and the cloth is only at the right temperature for a short time.I like this unit because it delivers the steam that helps open the pore prior to extraction. And if that wasn't enough, it even includes some extraction tools.So far so good.
985. This product smells wonderful. Oddly, as you can see, the label claims it to be unscented, and the listing claims it to be scented. I believe it might be mislabeled, but it doesn't matter because this product is very good. You spritz it on to the stain and work it into the fabric. After letting it sit for a couple of minutes, run water through the fabric or blot with a wet cloth.I found that with most stains I had to do that twice, but on the good side it's clear that this is safe for a lot of hand washables, as long as you are gentle and don't rub the stain too hard.I've had those big commercial brands of stain removers make things worse by fading the area that you spray them in. That was not the case with this product. It might not be as effective, but it's not going to damage your clothes. If you have something delicate andor your clothes are a huge investment, invest in this product as well.Another plus is that the 2 oz spray is good for travel.So, this might be a product that you need, or another one might be best for you. Hopefully this review has helped you to decide.
986. Generously sized and lint free, these are perfect for so many cleaning applications. They keep our 3-D printers spotless.Good for electronics and glass.
987. Taste is subjective, but I happen to like the flavor of this.It's berry but earthy.Chock full of superfoods, it's nice swirled in strawberry yogurt.Especially if you have a hard time getting all your fruits and vegetables, this is a healthy  boost.
988. I normally get another brand of moringa powder, so I'm comparing it to that.And in comparison, the only difference is that this one is a slightly better price.Both are a fine powder, with a slightly vegetable type of scent and flavor.If you use a small amount, it can be mixed in just about anything. But the more you use the more pronounced the flavor is going to be, and it's definitely vegetable, not fruity or herbal.You can bake with it, put it in the smoothie, or put it in a salad dressing. It's a good way to bump up your super veggies.
989. Collagen is a part of my daily routine, usually in coffee, since coffee is part of my daily routine.Each packet has 35 calories and 9 g of protein, all from cow collagen peptides.Unflavored, so nothing to interfere or overly sweeten.Pricier than similar collagens, and the serving size is larger than some others as well.Still, these are convenient packets for on the go. The packets are thoughtfully designed, very easy to open. No scissors needed.
990. This broth is not going to be salty or flavorful enough for most people.Mixing a scoop into any big bowl of soup, however, adds a boost of healthy benefits.An added plus is that many ingredients are organic, such as the spices and flavor.Making my own bone broth is a process that takes forever. And every minute of that process means that my dogs are whining because they know something good is cooking! It's easier on everyone, when you can just take a scoop and mix it into hot water or soup.I'm in my sixties, and always get comments on how youthful my skin looks for my age. Part of it is the serums and moisturizers, but a big part of it is taking collagen. Prior to using this, I used the Amy Myers MD chicken broth. I'm more than satisfied with the quality and effectiveness of both.
991. I like adding a photograph to most my reviews.That definitely won't be the case with this one!Why?Ummm, because this is one skin care gadget that actually works. And it's pretty gross! It does what it says. It vacuums out your pores. And yes, it collects, and it's pretty disgusting to see on the clear plastic heads.But a clean pore, while not actually smaller, LOOKS smaller, so this is a worthwhile little device.Keep in mind this isn't going to work on regular acne. It's for soft clogged pores, like most people have on their nose and the crease on each side of your nose.
992. This is a perfect little set to become familiar with this ethical and organic brand.It's even made in small batches, in order to ensure that you get a fresh product that hasn't been sitting around in some warehouse forever.The toner is refreshing, and preps your skin for the vitamin C serum. Both have a pleasing fragrance, especially the serum which is citrusy.Wonderful natural ingredients like berries and aloe vera.Afterwards, skin feels clean and not bogged down by chemicals. It even helped calm down a rosacea flare up.Skin care you can feel good about, in every way.
993. Right off the bat, when tasting this, I was rejoicing that it wasn't too sweet. Many products of this nature have stevia or monk fruit, which not only have an aftertaste, but they use so much that the sweetness is cloying.Not only is this product not super sweet, but it has just a little sweetness that occurs naturally from the organic berry powders.And speaking of berries, what a powerhouse! In addition to beets and chaga mushrooms, you have the superfruit goji, maqui, and acai.Since berries are on the hot list of being highly contaminated with pesticides, this is a product you can feel great about because all but the collagen peptides are organic.I love that I can just sprinkle it into my yogurt or oatmeal, as well as mixing it with a liquid. It tastes slightly sweet, slightly earthy. It gives a nice flavor to unsweetened yogurt especially if it's sprinkled with nuts. Perfect healthy breakfast.And only 25 calories for a tablespoon!The formulation is geared for beauty, and by now we all know the benefit of collagen when it comes to skin. But this is so much more than just skin loving, I feel that it's an all-around health tonic.Definitely will be getting more when this canister is done.Update: So, I think I have found a breakfast nirvana. English muffin with cherry preserves, and  this powder sprinkled on top. So darn good I go to sleep happy, knowing I'm going to have this fantastic breakfast in the morning!As another update, since taking this regularly, I feel that I have more energy and my mood is elevated. Now granted that could be a coincidence, but I can tell you I'm going to keep taking it.
994. Unlike the plastic tubs, this canister looks good on the counter. Yes, that matters to me. Of course, what matters most is what's inside.In addition to type 1 and 3 collagen, there is whey and instant whole milk powder, which helps boost the protein to a nice 20 g.The chocolate tastes high quality, but then it's ruined by too much monk fruit extract as a sweetener. At least for me. I know a lot of people will appreciate the sweetness because this is a product you can mix in just water. As an aside, personally I'd rather not have the oft used stevia either. If they insist on it being sweet, a bit of organic sugar would make it taste more natural, and I wouldn't mind the extra calories. It makes a very nice hot cocoa type of beverage. Even in water, it tastes creamy.Another thing I like is that there is no plastic scoop hiding under the powder. Thumbs up for friendlier packaging.Something else to like is the bottom of the canister which has both the date of manufacturer as well as expiration date. That kind of transparency is greatly appreciated. It instills trust.
995. Multitasking cleaning products can certainly help to make more room under the sync. I like this product because it's so versatile. It has a nice citrus scent, and its very effective on sinks and tubs. Cuts soap scum.I decanted into a spray bottle. Cleans refrigerator fingerprints beautifully.I poured some in the toilet bowl, much nicer than harsh chemicals.
996. Very comfortable to wear. They really are as comfortable as a pair of glasses, even with a shield attached.Unfortunately, there is such a gap on each side, I would not wear this without a mask underneath. These face shields would be useful if you are only expecting something to splatter right between your eyes, or in the exact middle of your face. Nowhere else.So these are fine, depending on the level of protection you're looking for.The shields attach with a pull-off tape that sticks to the eyeglass portion.
997. These don't weigh a ton and take up a lot of space.At first I thought that the fragrance would be too strong, but it was just light enough to where it didn't irritate my nose.So easy, as easy as a dryer sheet.Cleans well.I had a conversation with a person in the waste management and recycling field once, and it was pretty shocking.I was under the impression that when you correctly place plastics to be recycled, they ARE.Not so. He said that cardboard is, but only a fraction of the plastics in recycle facilities go to the next step.No big plastic bottle for laundry is fantastic.
998. This is one of the nicer sets, having had one in the past that was chipped and cracked when brand new, and another that literally fell apart after the second use.The stones are nicely polished, and rollslide over skin easily. So relaxing, although if you are looking for this to remove wrinkles, prepare to be disappointed. Puffiness yes, wrinkles,no.Boxed nicely to make for a thoughtful gift.
999. Could these straws be any cuter? Photos don't do them justice.So much better than plastic. We use various brands of paper straws, and have since I first saw the turtle YouTube video a few years ago. We're used to them now. Yes, they do take some getting used to. Not only is it a different feel, but you usually can't come back to your beverage hours and hours later without some slight meltdown.Worth the minor inconvenience.And did I mention cute?
1000. I have these on my Amazon subscription.When it comes to supplements, sometimes even top brands are adulterated. Independent studies have shown that often what you think you are getting, ISN'T what you're getting.Amazon says these are tested, and since I've had very good luck with most Amazon branded products, I trust them.
