1. I’ve always had great luck with Radha products.  You definitely get what you pay for, and in this case it is a quality product.  This is excellent for cleaning--I use it directly on wood, and add it to a vinegarwater solution to mop my floors. Very nice, clean scent.
2. No complaints about these replacement brush heads. The bristles are a medium soft -- a bit harder than the Braun ultra soft, but not as firm as the regular heads. Although I prefer an ultra soft bristle, these have not irritated my gums even though they are a bit firmer than I normally use.They fit fine on my Oral B, without needing to force them on or have them be too loose. The fit is as good as the Oral B heads.These are packaged very well. Each brush is individually sealed in a plastic wrapper, plus it has a plastic cap to keep the bristles from deforming while they are in storage. The set of 8 come in a cardboard box. It's a much better way of packaging them than the usual blister packs for both ease of use, as well as protectionkeeping them sanitary while they are in storage for use.All in all, a good alternative to the brand name brushes.
3. This toddler bedfootresthammock is a game changer.  You can tell the design was thoroughly thought out.  It is easy to setup so that you are not interrupting the passenger in front.  The material is lightweight and durable.  It's easy to store and small enough to place in your carry-on.  It even has a bottle holder and a non-slip back.Get one.
4. Received sooner than I expected and were better than I expected!!!! LOVE these roller balls !
5. The Rhino boot cleaner was out of stock. We have one and love it. This one looked similar.  However it has one fewer horizontal brushed for the boot sole, and is shedding bristles.
6. I have Plantar Fasciitis and it is very painful.  I hoped these insoles would give me some relief but they did not.  I tried to use several time and alternate with my original shoe inserts but didn't help at all.  Thanks.
7. I have only had this product for 4 days.After using it for 2 days I had great relief from my allergies.  On the 3rd day I woke up with my combo migraine allergy headache that I get from junipers this time of year.  Because of this inhaler I was able to function & get out of bed.  I would have normally had to stay on ice & flat in bed because I could not function with that pain.This was & is the only thing that has ever stopped that pain from continuing!  It stopped it dead!!  I am amazed!!Try it!
8. When it's working right ...WOW but tends to cut in and out with movement.
9. I love my dogs. However, one of them had a habit of ripping out the insoles of my shoes when he was a puppy.These insoles are nice and soft and are certainly an upgrade from the insoles that were torn up. There's just enough cushioning, they aren't going to crowd or cramp your feet. On days when you aren't wearing socks, they feel so comfortable against your bare skin.A little bit of luxury for your feet.
10. I love beets- I'll take them any which way they are available, including powdered. This powder tastes like fresh beets in powdered form. I buy beet powder a couple times a year, and my experience with this so far is that it seems to be of great quality. Easy to add to anything. While I normally do smoothies, I am inclined to start adding it to batters and soups. What a great addition to muffins, pancakes, and breads. If you are into sipping broths and you happen to like the taste of beets, it is nice stirred into a mug of hot homemade broth. MMMIt does impart a beet taste, and it does turn everything pinkred.
11. Wow. Love this little battery powered lighter!  My candles get lit easily. Handy little item!
12. Did not Fixed my unit .Would not shut off stuck on open when turned on sprayed continuously.Returned for a Refund.
13. These liners are best if your boots do not have fur inside, otherwise they will not fit inside without bunching. They keep the cold out very well.
14. It took some time to tie each word together, but it was worth it.
15. They used this for mother in the hospital so I ordered a case. It's great protein. It's good for wound healing. I am an RN and I recommend high protein for wound healing.
16. This works very well for my mom.
17. Love love this product!
18. I sometimes get a stiff neck and my neck always hurts a bit to tilt back from some whiplash I got. I thought this would feel good on my neck, but it kinda just feels like it’s sharply jabbing into my neck. Maybe I need to do it more. Easy to use and well made. Need to give it more time to see if it makes a difference.
19. We have a cat who needs to take half of a very tiny pill twice a day. This worked great to split the pills in half.
20. These look good and feel good. I use them while road biking and it allows me to not just have protection from the rays of the sun but also be able to clearly read my bike computer.
21. Pricey but pretty. Work nicely
22. This product smelled so bad I kept it in the original box & put it in the garage.  No way would I use this product.
23. They worked just fine.  Now to get the broken underground wires fixed!
24. Looked great
25. theyre nice, but expensive. Pretty good moisture without feeling greasy. Like the differrnt flavors
26. I drank this yesterday as directed on the side of the container and I seemed to have more energy than I thought I would at my evening tennis practice.  I had worked out pretty hard using the tennis ball machine earlier that day and was kind of dragging before tennis practice time.  I drank a full 8 oz of water with one scoopful of Gen One Nutrition-Intramino Intra-Workout BCAA Amino Acids Powder and I really did feel pretty good and played well at practice.  I wasn't even very tired when I got home and our coach had us doing conditioning drills.  The flavor was sort of coconut-like and sweet.  I wish it was not so sweet but it seems that most of these type powders just load up on sweetness.  It dissolved well in water and I didn't see any clumps.  I like this but will have to add some lemon juice to it next time to tone down the sweet.
27. This is a great scrub brush! I have always wanted to try one of these out and I like it for the most part.  I did think that the brush spun on this but I almost think its for the better that it doesn't because I think it would be a little too harsh if it did spin.  This facial brush vibrates at different speeds while you scrub your face.  It comes with two different brushes, one is a typical soft brush and the other is a very soft sponge.  I really like to use both heads on this!  It does come with a separate base so your face brush can stand up wherever you store it which is convenient!  I really like the green color of this item too, it matches many other things I have.  There is one button which turns the device on and off and also turns the speeds up or down.  The brush heads are very easy to remove and replace even if you are someone who has painful hands.  I really enjoy this product! I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
28. This seems like a revolution or complete reinvention of electric razors for women.  (Of course, it is telling my age to say that my first one was used in the 1960s, but boy, razors have come a long way.) This one can be used as soon as it arrives, before you even finish charging it, because the charger cord is long enough to permit flexibility of use while charging.  It comes with a type C power cable, but you will need your own type C charger (which I fortunately already have several of). The shaving head easily follows the curves of my legs. The body of the charger is longer, sleeker, and much advanced ergonomically-speaking than the short square-shaped ones of my past. There is a cleaning brush and a carrying case.  I am totally satisfied.
29. Love this product.
30. This is a very solid and large pin. Steel shafts are thick enough to not bend too easily, but that does make it harder to work in through thicker cloth material.
31. Yum!! This tastes so good in your coffee mixed with a hint of chocolate... Just like an Almond Joy candy bar!! I only docked 1 star because it’s a bit pricey for such a small bag. Tastes good though!
32. This supplement has ingredients that are known to help joint health - Chondrointin, Glucosamine Sulfate, MSM, and I was glad to see turmeric added.  I'm a big fan of turmeric and use it mostly for maintaining my joint health by making what is called, "Golden Paste" - extremely good for health.  I think this is a good supplement but it will take time and patience before noticing any improvement.  If you want fast improvement Google golden paste, make it and take it as directed.
33. Love this product. It was inexpensive and was delivered quickly. I love all the cute patterns on the wrap. Worked well for my dog’s foot. I love that you get two different sizes as well. Great product!
34. Love these for my little trash cans throughout my house. Makes for easy changing. They are thin, but that is ok for the purpose they serve.
35. they work
36. This is absolutely durable and is a fantastic idea.
37. Only got one that was right.
38. I started wearing sleeping masks to bed a few years ago. They really help when my husband stays up and watches TV or in the summer when the sun rises so early. These are light weight and very soft. They're adjustable so you can get a perfect fit. The block most of the light. I have found that a little light still comes in around the sides. They are comfortable to wear during sleep. I tend to forget to bring one with me when traveling, so I'm putting one of these in the pocket of my small suitcase so I have it with me.
39. Did not purchase from Amazon, but got for Christmas. As soon as I put batteries in and turned it on, the batteries exploded. It seems very dangerous.
40. Love this stuff. Smells better than Aqua Reef and just like all of the other Old Spice gel deodorants it goes on smooth and lasts all day long. Recommend this to anyone who wants to smell great!
41. Gimmick product. Save your money. Get a classic eyelash curler instead, it will do much more!
42. A good bath brush. The handle is nice and long snd we’ll built but a little heavy which makes it sturdier
43. my wife loves it, finally a place to put all her oils in and keep them organized
44. Blue bags, blue bags.  Whatcha gonna do? Blue bags, blue bags.  Love 'em.
45. Pictures create the illusion is bigger, so watch areas around it to know it's true size.It was quiet, needs a bit longer cord & is size makes it ideal for your car.
46. Love their unflavored peptides. But this cucumber aloe flavor is absolutely disgusting.
47. Biggest issue I had with these, besides having to replace filters, was the very poor fit around my nose. No matter what I tried I constantly fogged up my glasses which was a huge pain.
48. We have been trying to eat a whole food, plant based diet.  Part of this effort means finding ways to consume more vegetables in regular food. We also try to "eat the rainbow", increasing the different types and colors of produce.While we use mostly fresh and frozen vegetables, this spinach powder is easy to add to sauces, soups, even baked goods. I have just started using it but it has a mild flavor that adds to tomato sauce. It is very convenient.
49. This daily shower cleaner is fantastic and hard to find. I have been using it for years and was thrilled I was able to order it online. It works great and was even recommended by the guy who came out to fix my shower.
50. If you have a need for vegetable glycerin, this is a great product. Wonderful packaging and a very reasonable price. I've purchased a few different Essential Depot products and I've never been disappointed!
51. I really enjoy creating my own custom essential oil blends. Black pepper is a new discovery for me. It has a warm and spicy scent that adds an extra kick of something exotic to your blends. It pairs well with woody scents like pine, cypress, and cedarwood. It's also nice with citrus notes like neroli and bergamot. It's ideal to use in rooms where you want to feel relaxed. Surprisingly, it can help you sleep better. Overall this is a good buy. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
52. I have some sun damage on my face and I was hoping this would help fade that, since that is a feature, but after a few weeks I don't see any change. The pads and serum feel really nice on my face, but there was no coloration change to my complexion.
53. Very nice album, I will have to chose some very special photographs to insert. :)
54. No problems with the order.  It was shipped quickly.
55. These gloves are excellent. They work well. The gloves have granules in the palm and fingers that help to cause friction which leads to a better grip. All I know is that these gloves hold on to things like those pesky dishes much better than some others I've used in the past. These are latex free, waterproof, and go up a good distance on the arm to help keep you dryclean and the waterdirtetc. out. This pack is very good because the gloves come in different colors so you can use them in different rooms without confusing, say, the bathroom and kitchen gloves! I love these.
56. Nice quality, thick, soft without perfume
57. The color variety is stunning!
58. Good fit. Be sure to use soap and wash the nose oil off before a swim so they don’t slide off while swimming.
59. This product has a lot of B vitamins and caffeine that will surely keep you awake. If you have one of those days where you really need to be awake at night, this most definitely will be beneficial. And after taking, if you feel a heated flush on your face, that is from the niacinamide and is a normal side effect and goes away in minutes.
60. I was given a second hand wood table with "character marks" like 40 years ago. The marks were not bothersome as it gave character. What I could not stand were the hideous white heat or water rings that were created the last 5 years. I figured this product could not make it uglier and gave it a try after viewing videos and reading other reviews. Applying the product was easy; I went with the grain and wiped it off. The white marks took lite elbow grease and these magically disappeared! Some of the character marks are gone also. Almost looks new. There wasn't much of a smell which I was happy about since I don't have much ventaliation living in an old city apartment with few windows. I am soooo pleased with the product that I might do my desk that I purchased in a second hand shop 40 years ago. For the price, I suggest to try this first before considering going to furniture restorer.
61. 125 mcg equals 5,000 IU which is about what I take on a daily basis, more or less.  These vitamin D3 pills are very small and easy to swallow.  D3 is fat soluble and should stay in your system longer.  I think one small capsuleday is plenty, at least for me.  The bottle is too big for the quantity because it looks like the bottle is nearly empty but it contains 60 little vitamin D3 pills.  The vitamin D3 is in coconut oil.
62. Sorry to give this only a 2 star review, but my biggest issue is the steam. The steam button is supposed to be automatically pressed when the 2 plates touch, but I tried several times & with several settings and NO STREAM IS COMING OUT. The steam was the main reason I bought this, but now it's just a regular iron. If you work for this company, please let me know what to do to get the steam out automatically. This is not convenient at all, and I'm very disappointed.
63. I generally work from home, and my kids are homeschooled, so the number of germs we bring into our household are generally minimal. Recently, there were a number of flus and colds going around that I really didn't want to catch, so every time I would go out to meet with people or go grocery shopping, I would use the travel protocol for this which is to say I would take a few in succession to really amp up my natural immune system defenses in my throat, salivary glands, etc.While it's hard to say for sure what works and what doesn't when it comes to probiotics, this gave me no bad side effects, and I do feel the research is clear that it does help prevent illness. I appreciate having the option of adding this to my line up of wellness supplements. I had been taking another brand of oral probiotic, but when I realized that this was the brand that actually invented this type of oral probiotic, I switched over to taking this, since I trust that the strain is pure.
64. Previously I used Elderberry capsules but wanted to try a syrup and it was time to restock for this winter. So I bought this product because it was organic. This tasted really good. Not sweet or overpowering but good. So I’m looking forward to the winter knowing that I have this on my shelf.
65. These are very nice. Lots of capacity and such a pretty color.
66. I have been using this product for quite a while.  Just a bulk purchase versus small packets of similar if not the same.  Close enough for my use.
67. I have sensitive skin and use this to spot treat dry areas. During colder months, I apply all over face and neck before bed and my skin looks amazing in the morning!
68. It works ok. The onoff and temp. buttons are in a bad place on the handle  -  I keep pressing them by accident.  My hair is medium length,  the curling action would work better on longer hair.
69. My son absolutely loves them!  They arrived two days ago and he couldn't be happier.  They are very realistic looking and his father, from a short distance, actually thought he had been scratched by some kittens we are fostering.  My son loved fooling his father!  I bought these through a promotional event, but the price was not discounted, it was available to everyone who purchased them on that date.  I am so happy I took advantage of the opportunity.  I purchased four sets and my son can't wait to use them for Halloween!
70. Speaking for myself, product failed to produce any increase in alkaline. When I tested daily, I actually lost, or had lower levels, after using this product. Had better levels using sparking mineral waters (Italian & German) purchased at Trader Joe's.
71. Great for those bitterly cold nights when cold feet won't allow you to fall asleep.  Runs a little tight.  It does its job.  Don't try to walk in it.
72. Maybe for small bust but not for full size. Tape came off not sturdy durable and not wide enough.... just a big roll of band-aid tape.
73. Stopped working after half of one use.
74. I found these Bamboo makeup remover reusable pads to be a good concept.  It has a large surface area (3 inches diameter) for applying makeup remover, facial lotion, etc.  I found that I can soak it with cold water and place each one over my eyes.  It fits exactly over each eye.  It is a nice, relaxing treatment for my tired eyes.  The material is very soft, but not as absorbent as I wanted.  There are two sides- a white and black side.  I found the black side to be more absorbent.I gave it one fewer star, because:1) Because of its size, it’s hard to apply around the eyes.2) It is recommended to wash the 16 pads in the provided mesh bag in cold water and then to dry on a towel.  It took a few hours to dry them.  I will put them in a dryer from now on.  It is made of 70% bamboo and 30% cotton, so it shouldn’t shrink too much.It comes with a nice bamboo holder that looks minimalistic on my bathroom counter.  This product is a nice way to avoid using endless cotton pads which can reduce waste and help with expense.
75. It quit working after only 3 times. Light will not come on. Suggestion, don't purchase this product
76. This is a great eye mask.I thought that the ear muffs did a good job at cutting out the noise while I was sleeping. It wasn’t loud noise - just the sound of my humidifier in my bedroom.My problem with these is that I’m a side sleeper. I felt like the donut smashed my ear.I don’t have the largest ears.I think with some adjusting these could be more comfortable.The outside of the ear muffs are a very soft silicone which I like.I like how these didn’t move around or fall off while I was sleeping.I think I will keep these for my travel eye mask for when I’m on an airplane or train.It will be nice to be able to not have to worry about messing with the small ear plugs in those places.The eye mask does a good job at keeping it black and it’s very comfortable.
77. How come every time you find a cleaning product you really like when you go back to buy it again it becomes a mission.  This is one such product.  Many years ago I discovered the saving that could be had buying bulkconcentrated cleaning products.  From orange cleaner to Murphy’s oil soap the saving is staggering. So when this product first came out I jumped on it.  And have been using it ever since.  Thankfully I had bout an additional bottle to see which scent I preferred way back when because now this product isn’t at Walmart, Kroger, Lowe’s, etc in our area.  Thankfully amazon is there to deliver the Items that cannot be found.Who knows what lengths I will have to go to in a few years but that is tomorrow’s problem.Great cleaner, fresh scent.  I usually have a double strength bottle and a regular bottle.  The cleaner is very good and takes most of the work out of it after it soaks in.
78. I take lisine for two different reasons: The lysine you consume can help your gastrointestinal tract absorb calcium and reduce how much of this mineral is excreted into your urine.Because your body can’t manufacture lysine, you must include it in the foods you eat or in supplement. This LLysine is a really good supplement. I am very pleased with the results I am getting from the Bronson LLysine
79. Meh, doesn’t do much straightening
80. I gave it five stars because it works as it should. My wife would only give it one star though, because it works as it should lol. Good metal construction, not cheap or flimsy.
81. Cannot say enough about these - lightweight, large size, convenient neck strap, durablewashable.  I wear them every day and own several.  Other staff have asked me where I got them (teacher)
82. I have always chewed garlic when I feel like I am about to get sick because it has immune-boosting properties; however, it is not practical to keep garlic cloves in my bag. This product works great because it has the same effect of boosting my immune system but it stays fresh for a long time and is easy to take. I don't notice any bad taste or after effects. I would recommend this to anyone!
83. I have a rental property that has white tile with white grout.  Needless to say the grout was pretty awful.  Sprayed this on and let it sit for a few minutes. Wiped it off with an old towel.  Will be stocking up.
84. Came in a bubble envelope and were busted up. Smelled good though.
85. This thing  broke. Its cheaply made
86. Great product and quick delivery!
87. It's taffy-like.  The flavor is just okay for me.  I prefer their Espresso bar (which has to be heated).
88. We love the new scale!  It post our weight each day onto our Fitbit app. The scale is helping us live a healthier life style.
89. I bought one of these and another smaller as I just have had a knee replacement. Icing is crucial to help healing and pain, and the large ACE is really great, I bought 2 extra 3 days later and just now ordered another to have spares for the rest of my Phys. Therapy duration.I like the fact that you can put them right on the skin, they do stay pliable after freezing and the size is great for the area on the knee. I have used them for 2 12 weeks now and had no problems with leakage.They freeze really fast ( within 30 to 45 min.) and last for up to 30 minutes, just perfect for what I need.These will also be nice to have on hand for other aches and pains as they crop up after I'm done with my rehab for my knee replacement.For this they are perfect!
90. I've purchased PillowPaws skid resistant socks before, in XXL (grey) and was very pleased.I decided to order a smaller size for my grandson but they didn't offer them in grey.I was disappointed in the quality of this order, though they are still comfy.I wear the 3 pair of irregular sizes and gave him the better 3 pairs.I won't order from this vendor again.
91. Overall, this is a pretty good white noise machine. It's very compact, which is a plus since I don't have a lot of bedside table area available. This has a smaller footprint than my last white noise machine, making it also a handy item if you want to take it while traveling.Setup is simple, and there's a good selection of sounds to choose from. I stick with the white noise, but it's nice to have options just to experiment with them to see which work the best. The variety also makes this useful not only for adults, but for infantschildren to help them sleep. The sound volume has a good range, and the light feature is also a nice touch, even though it's not something I get much use out of.The main con is the control panel. It's hard to see which control is which, especially in dim light. I would prefer a more traditional button system with nice, clear text labels as to function. Or, better yet, some type of simple remote where the buttons light up. Granted, that would increase the price but the layout presently used can be really frustrating to use.One star down for the control system but otherwise, a very nice compact sound machine.
92. This step does not work for me. It slides all over and I have nearly fallen several times.  I tried to put tape on the bottom, but it’s still slick.
93. I use it for everything. Indestructible!
94. These protein powders come in such great flavors and they provide the highest amount of protein with little to no carbs andor sugar.  I have been buying these for years and love them!
95. Not good for my homemade cosmetics — compared to other organic grapeseed oils, this one is deep yellowish green in color with a very pungent almost sour smell. I had previously been using a different grapeseed oil that was near odorless and had only a very faint pale yellow color.
96. Hemp is a wonderful weed that can be made into just about anything. This is a superior product.
97. I love this product, it’s the best. BUT the small size is not well sealed and arrived dry.
98. We've soldiered through about half a bottle of these horrid vitamins over the course of several months -- taking them only when we're out of our usual vitamins (Flintstones) and I'm now throwing them away. After my kids complained about the after-taste, I tried one and they truly are horrid. Don't waste your money.
99. Hard to get item these days and I don't waste it on my dishwasher.One of those things &#34;not sold in Costco anymore&#34;When I open a box I immediately pour it into a salvaged Heinz Ketchup bottles and dispense it from there.  It is my first line of defense in cleaning the glass jar on my blenders.Just open the recycled bottle flip top and squirt some in on top of hot water and blend away.Rinse and walk away knowing this stuff did a terrific job.
100. I thought these were an amazing idea, but awful in practice. They’re a mess to use (stuff splatters when you start to get to a high enough speed to actually clean something). I have better luck with a handheld cleaning brush.
101. Excellent callous remover.  Does not hurt foot and s rapes off stubborn hard skin on heels!
102. This is the Best in the Market, just wish it were closer to us instead of further away.  Customer service is Excellent, they are very responsive and easy to talk to.  Without this product, I would have lots of aches and pain.  This also works really well if you have stomach problems because of the Ginger used in it, rather than black pepper.  Pineapple is another thing used for absorption of turmeric, but nothing compares to ginger.  I reduced my stomach medicine by half using this turmeric.  Buy with Confidence.
103. Bought some nice designer frames that look great, but don't always stay on my small nose.  I thought this would be the solution given all the hype over it.  But after I ordered this, I started the waiting game.  I received delays notices, then was given the option to cancel because it was going to take so long to receive.I decided to cancel, but the product has stayed in my queue as if I am still waiting for it.  I'll be checking my account to see if I was actually charged for this.  Grrrr.I would love the chance to try it, so if you're listening Nerdwax, please, send this.  Finally.
104. As a vaper, I find myself having to change my coils at the worst possible times, usually halfway through a full tank. For me, these blunt tipped syringes are a perfect way to drain out a tank of vape juice before removing the coil, without having to waste any juice. I can't speak of other uses for them, but they do what they're supposed to. They suck up liquid, and they shoot it back out, what more could you ask for.
105. works great - exactly as shown.
106. I like that these don't dissolve with essential oils in them.
107. It fits on top of our round toilet seat.  It works like the sitz bath tub I brought home from the hospital years ago. I add salts to help relieve hemorrhoid pains.
108. Maybe my skin is too dry or too sensitive because I just didn't experience many positive results from 100% Pure's Cocoa Bean Facial Scrub. The scrub is contained in a tube with a screw onoff lid.  Reminds me of toothpaste as it is fairly thick and dispenses rather firm. Does not lather. Contains small cacao 'nibs' for exfoliation. Has a pleasant chocolate scent that is not long lasting.  The scrub is supposed to exfoliate, polish away bumps, flakes and dull spots, calm redness, promote a balanced tone and make skin glow.  The only result I experienced was soft skin.  And I do mean soft.  But there was no glow to my skin, the red patches (dryness + eczema) didn't go away and dull spots remained. Softening my skin was a nice benefit but not enough to warrant continued use of the scrub. I have no plans to purchase use this in the future.
109. This stuff is getting harder to find.  Please don't stop carrying it! Otherwise my hair will suck, look ugly and well - it's the best thing I got going for me anymore!
110. These make properly worn do not even block simple dust or daily allergens. They will be of not be useful for prevention of airborn transmitted infection.I am a former RN Specialist. I bought these cheaper masks for use in my home for brief socially distanced encounters to give to ppl at my door etc. However in testing these with regular house dust they failed 3 consecutive times. Because I know the proper correct way to use a disposable face mask, I believe I can say with personal certainty they are substantially ineffective at blocking smaller particles suck as virus. However if this is all you can afford, I suggest you buy another similar product in this price range + supplement it with secondary face mask pathogen barriers as found on credible internet sites. That will be helpful bc blocking virus that causes COVID19 is essential.
111. I milk one Nigerian Dwarf goat and I think this will last her entire lactation. Other goat owners recommended it and I’m happy with it, knowing it keeps her healthy.
112. Callous remover works well but epilator doesnt work.
113. They would probably work for other shoes but the pin was too thick for the shoes i needed fixed.
114. When it comes to stress, I think everyone is looking for a way to try to make those stressful times easier to deal with.  Ashwagandha has been a good way for many people to help deal with stress.  Let's see how this supplement has helped with that.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This powder comes in a resealable container with a measure scoop.  The powder is raw powdered herb.  The package says that this is often used for managing stress and supporting virility.  Let's see how this performed.HOW DID WE USE THIS?I put this in my smoothie a few times a week when I make them in the morning.  I have to say that I did see an increased ability to handle stress and also it did seem to boost virility too.IS IT EFFECTIVE?So far I am seeing a definite improvement in both things as laid out on the package.TASTESMELL?The smell and taste are not bad at all.  The taste is slightly bitter but not bad at all.  I find that it does not ruin smoothie flavor or leave awful aftertaste.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a well packaged powder that comes with a scoop, is great to add to sauces, food, smoothies, etc, this product seems to do what is says.MY RATINGFive stars.  I would definitely buy this again.  I like having it handy.  I plan to get my husband to start taking it daily too.  I will try it out in capsules too, but remember to drink plenty of water if you try that.
115. I have purchased many &#34;beet&#34; products and Wilson Naturals is by far, the very BEST tasting, easy to drink, bake  cook or mix in a smoothie. Wilson Natural Beet product is outstanding and would encourage all to try. I will say I would hope they would make others such as, carrot and other veggie and fruit selections. &#34;WN's&#34; service is tremendous along with customer service who exemplify the very best and most professional I have dealt with. Thanks so much!
116. I have some spider veins that cause some issues.  I get little knots or bruises that cause a lot of paint until the swelling goes down.  I started taking this a week ago and it has greatly reduced the problem and has started to clear up the spider veins (yes I saw a doctor-  he said try a vein health supplement lol).  This supplement combined with my weight loss workout routine is really helping my issue.  No side effects and no issue with these capsules.
117. So far, so good! It doesn't smell like anything, and I seem to be consistently picking up grime on the towel every time I wipe it down, so it seems to be working. I do feel like I need more than 3 sprays to clean the mat, though.
118. It is almost impossible to push the plunger. I thought it was one can so ordered a couple more. The same thing, HOW in the world can a company sell something like this? Gold Bond, I mean, not Amazon. And yes I twisted the cap and had other people try it.
119. worth the money!  Get it!  so much more comfortable than cottonfleecememory foam cushions!  wow!
120. Love them. They're easy to use just pull! Great product I will buy again!!
121. Still trying to figure out not much curl but could be my fault
122. These are so tiny you can do absolutely nothing with them. SO GARISH they look tacky.
123. Great for screen cleaning.
124. A must for banana split parties!!! Good quality materials! 3 generations enjoyed the extra special party boats! Our grands hand washed them to reuse again! The umbrellas were ‘recycled’ to their doll house. :)
125. Cool product to have In The California area makes my friends jealous...
126. I LIKE THE FACT THAT THERE IS A VARIETY OF TEMPERATURES.  IT SMOOTHED MY HAIR OUT VERY QUICKLY.  IT IS SMALL SO IT ISN'T HEAVY AND BULKY.  AND IT IS EASY TO USE WITH EITHER HAND.
127. If you read a lot and your eyes get bloodshot these eye drops really help. I notice that a few drops in each eye gets the red out in a matter of minutes. I don't use these a lot, just occasionally when I read too much. The warning on the back says too much use can have the opposite effect so it is advised you use this product sparingly and only when needed. Please see your doctor if redness continues or if you have eye pain.~The Rebecca Review
128. This is one of the RARE color sets that has base, matte top, and glossy top coats. The colors are pretty much “YGWYS” – you get what you see in other words.The base coat does have a HINT of pine scent to it, but the top coat doesn’t. Speaking of smell, these are low odor.Duration? Because my nails grow out so quickly,  I am changing my manicure every 7-10 days. So, I can say they last at least THAT long if done properly.You will need an LEDUV lamp to cure it.
129. I love this cold roller, I can get a massage effect while also getting localized cold to any areas that hurt. Mainly I have been using it for my hands to relieve carpal tunnel pain.
130. Great Stuff.  I can tell a difference in several bodily ways.... will not elaborate... but this change is more than in anything else I have ever taken.  I am 71 yrs of age and one thing I will elaborate on... my recall memory is better...  and it can't be coincidence,,, it's been bad for so long and now after taking several containers of this... I can tell a sizable difference.  Now I don't take it but only about 4 times a week and only 1 large scoop full.  As per my weight and directions, I should be taking about 2 scoops for a dosage.  I always tend to think they suggest dosage as max and I am not inclined to maximize dosage.... thus I take one large scoop when I take it.  Which makes it go further and I still get results.Thank you amazon for allowing this price to be affordable...  it's about at the top of my priceline and am grateful for that
131. I live in Florida where hard water is definitely an issue. I just purchased my house last September, and recently retired, and I am trying to be careful on spending money. Many of my neighbors have been installing whole house water systems and although I do think at sometime in the future I will look into it, this filter has helped me at least in the shower. I can tell the water is better since I installed it (yes, installation was super easy for me) and my hair feels so much softer and I see less spots on the shower glass doors. For the money, this is a great shower filter and I highly recommend it.
132. Not bad! Considering I didn't wait the 30 minutes before drinking something, it does a good job. It foams ever so slightly and the foam really seems to stick to any discoloration. Slight sensitivity, but just use a sensitive toothpaste. Lot of product in each of the pens. Easy to use. Nice that the pens are clear so you know how much product is left. Haven't used for, but it would be convenient for travel too.
133. Got these for my dogs and horses. Much cheaper than buying individual supplements. I use gram scoops for their servings.
134. This is a great 3-pack of reading glasses.  I love that they come protective fabric cases (a neoprene-type material), as these are much more compact for storagetravel than bulky hard cases.  I also love that the frames are full-sized, so they work well for activities such as using a computer screen--I am wearing a pair for this purpose right now!  The frames are also thin and lightweight, but they are attractive in a simple way.  They set includes three different translucent frame colors.  All-in-all I am very happy with these and definitely would recommend!
135. Perfect for Trauma nursing!
136. The padding is comfortable, almost like sitting on firm jelly. Very different from memory foam type pads. Good for desk work, would be too high for car seats though. We'll see about durability, as I wonder how long the viscoelastic material will hold up
137. Somewhat disappointing. The head is quite small, and not particularly full or fluffy. There is no way to remove the head to wash it and put it back on the instrument. At some point, I will have to hand wash just the head in the sink I guess. Very inconvenient. I would have expected a higher quality product at this price point. I will turn to a janitorial supply resource.
138. I've been trying to accumulate as many Elderberry products as I can because it is such a powerful anti-viral and will get to the core of a cold or flu real fast and knock it out.  When this Elderberry powder came up on my list of items I could review I had to try it.  I mixed a spoonful up in about 4 ounces of cold water and stirred until it was mostly in solution.  I tasted it and was glad it wasn't bitter.  It tasted pretty much like nothing.  I added a little honey to it and it was very easy to drink down.  The bag says one serving is 2g of elderberry powder but says nothing about any other ingredients such as vitamins.  All that information is on the product page.  I think this is a good product and will keep it on hand come this winter season to use to ward off cold and flu viruses.
139. Not completely sure it works but I leave it plugged in my kitchen going 247. Looks nice and has an ambient light.
140. Astragalus root is an adaptogen used in Traditional Chinese medicine. It is reputed to help the immune  and cardiovascular systems as well as being a powerful anti-inflammatory. This powder comes in a small, resealable pouch. The powder is clean, vegan, gluten and GMO free. It has a distinctive earthy flavor that is easily masked by combining wth smoothies, juice or other foods. While I can't point to any specific benefit I generally feel better when I am taking it than when I am not. I have not experienced any negative side effects but if you are taking any medication especially immunosuppressants or lithium consult your physician. I am satisfied with this product. Seems pure and blends well.
141. Bought three of these for our flight to Italy. They worked great and didn't take up too much space in our carry-ons and were easy to blow up. I did, however, get extra screening at security and they blamed it on the folded up footrest, even though the people I was traveling with also had them and didn't get called out. So who knows?
142. I know how expensive this fish oil is, but it's very worth it, if the multitude of studies about the benefits of fish oil can be believed.I was wary of the pure oil, even though I was happy to not have all the fillers included in the capsules, because of the taste.  I am happy to report that the oil has no fishy taste, and I have not gotten any fish burps (unlike with the capsules).  It IS oily, which is a weird texture on the tongue, but the taste is pure orange.  I like eating it with a mouthful of leafy greens to dissipate the oil feel.
143. I’m grateful for these Framar nitrile gloves because it’s critical that I protect my hands, and especially my fingers, at this stage. Years of cleaning have made them sensitive to even mild dish soap. So I consider these powder free, no latex gloves a godsend! They’re easy to put on, and easy off, tough against chemicals, strong, and they don’t bother my skin. Size M is a great fit, allowing me to do tactile tasks with ease. Protection from dish soap, cleaning solvents, oils, dyes, paints, turpentine, garden chemicals, soil and more - 9” Framar gloves are perfect for my needs.
144. Love them.  Great price for the product.
145. Keeps my skin safe from the luekotape I put over the cover roll stretch tape
146. I play a lot of competitive tennis.  I had a grueling match last weekend and was fatigued when it was over and I was finally back home.  I drank about 14 a bottle of the Vital Performance Recovery Drink and put the rest in the refrigerator.  It's a week later and the bottle is still there, untouched.  I felt better after drinking the amount I drank, but it doesn't taste very good.  I think I will take the remainder bottle with me to my next match and drink it during the match and see if it helps me keep my energy level up.  I like the idea of recovery drinks, but I need something more palatable.
147. Best straightner EVER. But harsh on hair. gets hot fast cold fast and lasts a long time.
148. very satified
149. Love this stuff.  It's great for a quick spritz of moisture.  Nice smell, not too overpowering.  Solid pump too.
150. I collect rubber ducks. A good friend jokingly suggested I get this.Pros:1. It's a duck!Cons:1. It's NOT waterproof. The compartment for the batteries is not sealable entirely, so word of caution if you want to go &#34;Ahoy!&#34; in a tub with it.2. The vibration frequency is NOT the best for this sort of toy. Yes it might get the job done, but honestly for the price, get a waterpoof pocket vibe. (Like a WeVibe)3. It's REALLY hard plastic. It claims to be body-safe, but honestly the plastic on this thing is VERY sturdy.So if you want a cute collectible that might start some interesting guest-visit conversations. Get it. If you want AN ACTUAL vibrating bath-toy, look else where.
151. This convenient pill case  keychain keeps my medications safe & secure.I take pills daily and put them in my pocket & sometimes forget to take them out,  or they get dirty. Now I have this wonderful gadget that not only protects my medication by being waterproof & dust-proof, but reminds me to take them by being visible on my keychain at all times.  The compartment is easily accessed by simply unscrewing the cap at the top of the tube. Comes also with some  handy freebies as well. Will buy again.
152. This is a decent mask as far as I can tell.  Once you put a filter in it's thick and it's pretty comfortable to wear.
153. I purchased this to use in a recipe for my skincare on my face. I would recommend this to friends and family for a great glycerin product.I will repurchase this in the future.
154. If you are going out and sweating or working. You add the liquid to your water and this will help replenish electrolyte drops. If you have issues with leg cramps, this can help with that too.
155. These discs leave a residue in the toilet as it sheds the outer layer.
156. Very classy-looking and versatile!
157.  Seems like a good size pill - I don’t think it would be too hard to swallow and it does appear smaller than other vitamin pills I’ve seen beforeBenefits should be reviewed with your doctor and you should check with them to make sure that these are going to benefit youOverall I think these are nice. Hopefully they’re beneficial to you
158. The main “cold fighting” ingredient in this is Echinacea which, for some people, has been shown to help fight colds. I’ve taken it in the past in pill format with mixed results – sometimes it seems to help; other times not so much.This is another way to get your Echinacea along with other herbs. The ingredients are:Echinacea purpuera herbred rootgreen tea leafelderberry fruitthyme herbred clover herbmyrrh gumIt’s in a base of vegetable glycerin and water, which gives it a syrupy consistency. On the plus side, that can help soothe your throat. On the downside, the taste, to me, was only semi-appealing. It’s not bad or medicinal tasting, just odd – sort of a semi-spicy taste that lingers on your tongue.The dosage is 1ml (25 drops) 1 to 2 times per day. I like that it comes in a glass bottle with a good quality dropper rather than plastic. However, the country of manufacture is not listed nor is the concentration of the various herbs in it.I can’t give it a strong recommendation since the taste is so unusual. It’s one of those items that you’re either going to find tasty or really dislike. But I found the taste odd but interesting, so I’ll give it 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4 since it did soothe my throat.Worth a try but, as with any herbal remedy, don’t expect your cold symptoms to magically disappear.[Sample provided for review]
159. It was nice that they threw in a gift of a full sized bottle of another product as well.
160. My daughter got alot of UTIs until we found this stuff! When you're on swim team or teach swimming---this is great to have!
161. Soft. Reusable,  quality, good bye cotton balls.
162. Very much enjoy the Natural Silk Sleep Mask, is comfortable and often am a day sleeper having worked the night through; since light comes through the eyelids, this is a propitious thing to use, silk so fine do not even notice it.  Always kind of surprises me that itworked so well.  TY Sleep Restoration, the concept is important.
163. The picture on this is currently, a safety belt. It has nothing to do with these gel padsI wear CPAP full face mask. Somehow, it rubbed a pressure ulcer in the bridge of my nose. It was painful and horrible. I ordered these, put them together to make them thick. I would put anti-bacterial gel on it, cover it with a bandaid, add the gel pads and put my mask on. These were life savers. The ulcer has healed (hopefully putting vitamin e on it will help reduce scarring) and I feel much better about everything. i would not be without these again.....EVER!
164. With flu season, cold season, and having covid still around, I like having extra toothbrush heads that I can switch out more than I usually do.I like these toothbrush heads.  They work perfectly on my sonicare.  Bristles are soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.  Love the amount of brush heads that come with this pack.  Great value
165. Disappointed, I had a smoke buddy previous to this one , It lasted ten times longer than this one, I used it for about a week and a half till it was too hard to blow through. Will be finding another product to use
166. I love this for trigger points on my neck. If you don't want deep pressure, it's not for you.
167. This kit contains everything you need for a party!!! Adorable pattern.  The plastic ware is sturdy and so are the cups and plates. The hats are well made also.  A must for the unicorn lover in your life.
168. I tend to get sinus headaches. When I take allergy and decongest medications to clear up my sinuses, they get dry, tender and this helps to moisturize that nose. I use a cpap at night, and that also tends to be drying, especially during the winter. I don't like using the water the humidify my sinuses, and this gives me a good start.
169. Hands down hubby's new favorite protein powder. He has been on the search ever since having to go off whey protein for something that didn't taste horrible. Vegan protein powders can be pretty rough taste and texture wise but he really liked this one. It dissolved well and the only downside would be the price.
170. Except for Fitbit Ionic, we found all other Fitbit products provides great convenience tracking our daily activities and fitness goals. This smart scale tracks up to 10 individual persons using artificial intelligence.  The price is a little above other good scales, but the smartness and convenience of Fitbit Aria are well worth the investment.
171. Um, I am sure for some people these are great. They are not useful to me because they don’t offer enough of a cushion to make a difference.
172. I have read that tart cherries can help with insomnia.  I’m not a juice drinker so I was excited to try these capsules.  After taking almost the whole bottle, I can say they unfortunately haven’t helped me sleep at all.From what other reviewers have to say, they are probably great quality for other purposes.  But for me, they didn’t help with the issue I am having so I wouldn’t recommend them to help you sleep.
173. Bought these generic cleaning cartridges for the price but will continue to buy them over the brand name items as they work just as well.
174. Husband was skeptical at first, but likes it
175. This is an excellent product with great health benefits. Here is what it does if you are unfamiliar with it:How Forskolin WorksForskolin acts primarily by activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase, which results in increased cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) in cells. Cyclic AMP belongs to a class of substances known as &#34;second messengers&#34; and is one of the most important cell-regulating compounds. Among its many roles, cAMP activates numerous other enzymes involved in diverse cellular functions. Hormones and neurotransmitters also activate adenylate cyclase, but Forskolin appears to be able to activate adenylate cyclase by itself. Thus, Forskolin can increase cyclic AMP without the assistance of hormones or neurotransmitters.Effects of Cyclic AMPPIncreased cellular cyclic AMP results in a broad range of physiological and biochemical effects, including inhibition of platelet activation (resulting in decreased likelihood of blood clots), reduced release of histamine (resulting in decreased allergy symptoms), increased force of contraction of the heart, relaxation of the arteries and other smooth muscles, increased thyroid function, and increased lipolysis (fat burning).A number of diseases are characterized, in part, by decreased intracellular levels of cyclic AMP. These include asthma, eczema, psoriasis, angina, obesity and hypertension. In addition to its adenylyl cyclase-stimulating actions, Forskolin also appears to have actions that are not due to this mechanism, but are due to its ability to alter a number of membrane transport proteins.Asthma and AllergiesMany drugs used to treat asthma and allergies are designed to increase cAMP levels. Usually they inhibit the enzyme (phosphodiesterase) that breaks down cAMP. This mechanism is the &#34;flip side&#34; of Forskolin’s ability to act directly to increase cAMP. Thus, Forskolin can be used by itself, or in addition to phosphodiesterase-inhibiting drugs in the prevention and treatment of many allergic conditions, including asthma.Forskolin is an effective smooth-muscle relaxer, resulting in bronchodilation, decreased airway resistance, and increased vital capacity and forced expiratory volume, which are important indicators of pulmonary function. Forskolin also has tremendous antispasmodic action on various smooth muscles in the body, making it useful to relieve intestinal colic, uterine cramps, painful urination, angina, and hypertension.Cardiovascular Effects of ForskolinColeus forskohli has traditionally been used to treat hypertension, congestive heart failure, and angina. Treating these conditions may be among the most useful uses for Forskolin. Forskolin's basic cardiovascular action is to lower blood pressure, while simultaneously increasing the contractility of the heart. This is believed to be due to Forskolin's cAMP-elevating ability, which results in relaxation of the arteries, and increased force of contraction of the heart muscle. One study involved seven patients with dilated cardiomyopathy, a particularly difficult condition to treat. Forskolin administration dramatically improved left ventricular function and overall cardiovascular performance.Forskolin also increases cerebral blood flow, indicating that it may be beneficial in cerebral vascular insufficiency and in enhancing post-stroke recovery. The platelet aggregation-inhibiting effects of Forskolin also add to its value in cardiovascular disorders.Glaucoma and Increased Intraocular PressureGlaucoma is a cause of visual loss characterized by nerve damage (usually associated with increased intraocular pressure), loss of visual field, glare, and sometimes pain. It is one of the leading causes of blindness in the elderly. Unfortunately, there is very little in the armamentarium of alternative health care practitioners that is effective in preventing or treating this poorly understood condition. However, a number of studies have shown that topical application of one percent Forskolin eye drops resulted in significant decreases in intraocular pressure for up to five hours. Researchers believe that it is the cAMP-elevating effects of Forskolin that result in this significant improvement. Unfortunately, no commercial Forskolin eye drops have been developed at this time. Although clinical experience is limited, oral Forskolin appears to offer significant potential for sufferers of glaucoma or intraocular hypertension, and may be a major advance in the non-drug treatment of this condition.PsoriasisPsoriasis is characterized by a relative decrease in cAMP compared to another second messenger, cyclic guanine monophosphate (cGMP). This imbalance results in a tremendous increase in cell division. In psoriasis, cells divide about 1,000 times faster than normal. Forskolin helps to alleviate psoriasis by normalizing the cAMP cGMP ratio. It should be noted that Fumaric Acid, by itself, is highly effective in the prevention and treatment of psoriasis. However, Forskolin and Evening Primrose Oil may both be considered as additional substances to be added to a regimen to treat this particularly vexatious disease.DepressionDepression is believed to be due to an imbalance of neurotransmitters in the brain—most commonly either serotonergic (inhibitory) or dopaminergic (stimulatory). The response to various antidepressants depends on which neurotransmitter system has deviated farthest from the &#34;norm.&#34; If the serotonergic neurotransmitters are most deficient, serotonin precursors like 5-HTP or L-tryptophan, or the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) like Paxil, Prozac, or Zoloft are most likely to be of help. If the dopaminergic (i.e., catecholamines like epinephrine or noradrenaline) neurotransmitters are deficient, catecholamine precursors such as the amino acids L-Phenylalanine or L-Tyrosine, or monoamine oxidase inhibitors such as GeroVital (GH3) or Deprenyl are most likely to help.German scientists have been working with a different approach to elevating catecholamines, using a class of drugs that stimulate both the presynaptic as well as the postsynaptic components of catecholamanergic transmission. This novel approach uses a drug, Rolipram, which acts by increasing cAMP (an action similar to that of Forskolin), and inhibiting phosphodiesterase. Although the researchers stopped short of recommending Forskolin for the treatment of depression, they stated clearly that &#34;elevated brain cAMP levels are closely linked to antidepressant activity in animal models of depression.&#34;Weight LossIn vitro studies show that Forskolin stimulates lipolysis (breaking down of fats) in fat cells. Additionally, scientists at the Penn State University College of Medicine have found that many obese people have lower than normal cAMP production. Based on these findings and in vitro studies, scientists theorized that Forskolin might be an effective weight loss agent, especially for those with impaired cAMP production. A recent small study appeared to confirm this conjecture. Six overweight women took 25 mg of Forskolin (250 mg capsules of 10 percent standardized Forskolin extract) twice daily for eight weeks. At the end of the eight-week trial, the participants lost a mean of ten pounds, and reduced their percentage of body fat by nearly 8 percent. Blood pressure levels also trended lower during the trial. These preliminary results indicate that Forskolin may be a safe, useful adjunct to losing weight and maintaining normal body composition.HypothyroidismForskolin also has demonstrated the ability to increase thyroid hormone production and stimulate thyroid hormone release. This mechanism of stimulating the thyroid to enhance metabolism may be one way in which Forskolin promotes normal body weight. Forskolin's effects in normalizing thyroid function may also contribute to its antidepressant effects, as depression is a common feature of hypothyroidism.Cancer MetastasesScientists at Brown University confirmed that Forskolin is a potent inhibitor of platelet aggregation, as well as being a potent inhibitor of tumor colonization in mice. They suggested that Forskolin could find a place in the prevention of tumor metastases.Immune EnhancementForskolin also exhibits potent immune system enhancement by activating macrophages and lymphocytes.DosageBased on the human studies for weight loss, 50 to 100 mg of Forskolin taken in divided doses during the day appears to be a safe, effective dose for the conditions discussed above.
176. Work well
177. I have been using this for trigger point release tool for myself and with my patients for years with success
178. I wear a women's size 7. The size small slippers were a little big but once I tightened it using the adjustment rope, it was snug on my feet. The interior was soft and felt nice. It was a little uncomfortable walking around in the slippers because of the battery pack at the top of the slippers. You definitely felt the bulky weight. Other than that, the slippers were great. They were non-slip so I didn't have a problem walking around. It got nice and warm when I had it on the highest setting.
179. It's awkward to hold and use. Therefore, some shavings don't make it in to the cup. It does a pretty good job. Easy to clean.
180. Great to travel with
181. Left a film on my mats and the scent was not pleasant. Just my observation and opinion.
182. It’s ok. Not sure it does a lot, but we’ll see.
183. This functions well as daylight alarm. It's best feature is that the LED's arc out over the bed and shine down, as opposed to other models which shine straight out horizontally, which means you have to be on your side facing the lamp when the alarm goes off or else the light won't actually reach your eyes and wake you up. And the head on this lamp swivels, which makes it even better for increasing the chance the light will be pointing at your eyes when the alarm turns the light on. So, of the 3 models of daylight alarms I've tried, this one wins hands down in actually waking me up with the light.BUT: this lamp has the absolute worst user interface imaginable. Zoom in on the control panel in the main picture and look at the controls. Now guess how you turn the alarm on on Sunday night and off on Friday night. Go ahead, guess - I'll wait.Did you figure it out? No, of course you didn't. Because it's completely un-figure-out-able. To turn the alarm on or off, first press and hold the top left button (which, mysteriously, has two overlapping squares) until the border around the top left indicator icon in the display starts flashing, then let go. Then press and release the same button again to make the border around the next indicator icon down start flashing. Then press the second button on the left (which looks like a gear) to make that second icon either start or stop flashing (flashing means the alarm is enabled, not flashing means the alarm is disabled). Then wait 15-30 seconds for your change to take effect. Could you ever possibly have guessed that from looking at the controls? Absolutely not. Why doesn't it just have an &#34;alarm on  off&#34; switch? Seriously. What on earth were they thinking?Want to know what time the light will turn on in the morning (or, more accurately, at what time the light will be at full strength)? Care to guess by looking at the controls  panel? Don't bother. Because YOU CAN'T TELL WHAT TIME THE ALARM'S SET FOR WITHOUT SETTING THE ALARM TIME. Care to guess how to set the alarm time? Don't bother - you will literally never guess.I could go on, but you get my point. I use this every weekday as my alarm, because, at least at the time I bought it (July 2014), it was the only daylight alarm that allowed me to direct the light towards my eyes in the likely event that I'm not lying on my side directly facing the lamp at 6:30 am. But if you buy this, be prepared to read the user manual a few times. And definitely keep the manual next to the light for a month or so until you get used to using the absolute worst user interface ever conceived for an alarm clock. Oh, and be patient. Very patient. Because just turning the alarm on or off, which should happen with the flick of a switch, instead takes at least half a minute.
184. These are pretty crystals and stones. Nice to carry around to help with stress.
185. Great product, it worked great and was an easy fix. I would purchase again!
186. You get a number of tools for just $9.99. It's not ideal for gifting since it doesn't come boxed or include a storage pouch like most other sets I've ordered. I'm surprised everything arrived safely because the pieces were just packaged in plastic or bubble bags. I did question whether the pieces were genuine stone or plastic. They don't feel as cool as other stone tools I've ordered. Aventurine doesn't have as much natural patterning as something like amethyst, so it does tend to look more like plastic. There are some natural defects like pitting. The roller is smooth and quiet so far, but it's not the best quality. For instance, the glue is a little messy. Overall, it's a decent set for the money.
187. I like these clear shoe straps.  I use them to keep shoes on my feet, not just high heels.
188. Nice bandage, just small. No stick. Nice
189. This backnobber works great!  I like that it comes apart.  The different sized curves let you cover most areas of your back with ease and it allows for good leverage and a firm application.
190. We take probiotics often and I try to switch up the brands since they all seem to have different strains in them.  This will make a nice addition to my collection and we will rotate them in and out of our daily routine.
191. While the patterns are a cute option and I like that it's washable, I suck this in when I breathe and find it very annoying a pretty much useless if you exert yourself at all.
192. LOTS of paper. I filled over 15 baskets for work. Will buy again next season.
193. It is more on the sweet side than salty. In my opinion, it cannot replace regular soy sauce in recipe. But it makes a great table condiment on rice or meat dishes. And it is gluten free. Will definitely buy again! Thank you Bragg!
194. These are big softgels, but they are easy to swallow. So smooth. The 60 softgel bottle is a 30 day supply. Just two a day provides 2500 mg of fish oil,  EPA 900 mg, DHA 600 mg, Other Omega-3 Fatty Acids 300 mg. This is a good amount!I have no problem taking this-- swallowing big smooth softgels dont bother me, I get no stomach upset, and not even any fishy tastes. Hint of lemon. I keep it at my desk and have it shortly after my first meal of the day.  I take fish oil for my health, as we all should! More specifically to keep my cholesterol on check. All the other is bonus. I got remiss on taking fish caps. I normally buy liquid as it is usually easier to find the higher amount, and many of the soft gels types that I have tried have been woefully low (like, maybe 10% of this). I was working through some low dosetiny softgels. I really need to get back to taking larger amounts, daily. The Vimerson Health Fish Oil Omega 3 has allowed me to do that. Sometimes I add in my other softgels later in the day, or take a swig of my liquid fish oil (my doctor said I can up to 5000mg daily- so I can double what I take of this, or just use up my other stuff).Some fish caps and liquids can have a fishy aftertasteburp. I am not sure what causes that-- whether it is the formula, or when it is taken. I haven't had that issue with these, but I do take them after I eat in the morning.I included pics of the softgels, the measurement, and even of one in my mouth. I suppose one could pop the soft gels and empty it out onto a spoon, or food. But really, these go down super easy... unlike tablets, capsules and softgels tend to be like that.
195. Great buy—-does not leave an after taste!
196. I bought this for facial pain and these are a super fit. I use flour sack clothes as a cover for these. They are super soft and the clothes provide a long length to wrap around my head to hold the cold pack in place. I have migraines and these make my life so much better! I'm glad I bought these.
197. The dosage is 6 pills twice a day. Not a very good value. Smells fine, tastes fine, just too big a dose to get benefits! I prefer a once daily tablet.
198. What a difference! I can't believe anybody has lived at all without one. A little cumbersome sitting down, but great to sue.
199. Great stuff, but seems rub off easily which leads the need for several reapplications, but when on performs very nicely
200. Perfect for our white elephant party
201. This brand was cheaper than another popular brand, but it seems fine. I have used it for several weeks, and I put it in a bowl of water in the microwave for a couple of minutes every week or so. I already bought another one to take on an upcoming trip just because I wanted to start with a fresh sponge. It seems to do a good job getting my face clearn.
202. very feature full cost effective shaver
203. I recently purchased some lather cream for my husband as an alternative to his usual shaving cream. So when I was offered a coupon for a shaving brush, I jumped at the chance to get one so he could properly use his lather cream. He's been using his new shaving brush for a couple of weeks now and so far, so good. First of all, I was impressed with the packaging. It came in a nice box which would be excellent for gift giving. The handle is sturdy & fits nicely in your hand. The beaver hair is surprisingly soft.  My husband is pleased with the lathering that the brush produces. The brush did have some shedding at first, but as the description states, that's normal and after those first few hairs, my husband hasn't noticed any more shedding. My husband has never used a lather brush before, so he doesn't have anything to compare it to, but it appears to be doing a good job and he's pleased with it.
204. I've already used a few of these towels to clean my Air fry oven and dual microwave convection oven that were in need of cleaning, and it did a wonderful job. My air fry oven and microwave look brand new again. But, this is not the main reason that I wanted them.A while back, I took on the endeavour of repainting my kitchen and bathroom cabinets. I thought it was going to be a simple job, but it turns out that there's a lot more to it than just a little sanding and painting. It's taking me a while, I'm only halfway through, and I'm on a little break right now, but will be back at it within the next week or so. These towels are going to be great for all the chemicals I'm going to have to use, and all the scrubbing and cleaning I'm going to have to do. Especially, in the bathrooms, as I haven't done any of the prep work in those two rooms, yet.I'm trying to go off memory of the proper steps, so I may miss something. You have to clean your cabinets with a strong special cleaner, then lightly sand them, and then reclean with a 5050 mixture of water and denatured alcohol. You also have to keep ammonia on hand for some reason, but I can't remember exactly why. This might not be everyone's way, but this is just how I was taught to do it, and it's working well. The job was taxing on me because I didn't have good towels to use. I was using a sponge and paper towels for a good part of it, and they just weren't cutting it. I think there's something in the makeup of these towels that make them clean better and will make my job of prepping my cabinets a lot easier. I'll also need them to wipe away any sanding dust in between coats, and these will leave them lint-free, unlike paper towels.Just from using a few of these to clean my Air fry oven and microwave, I know there's some super special cleaning power in these towels. I know that they will serve me well while doing my cabinet painting jobs. Because of how durable they are and well they last, I'm sure I'll have some left over to do other cleaning jobs around the house. I definitely recommend these towels!
205. I really like the eyelash curler but it's a bit pricy. I have very sparse eyelashes but like that this has a tension spring which helps to somewhat lengthen my eyelashes.
206. I love this little guy. It is a very easy to use heated mat. It warms my feet in no time. It is very straight forward and made of premium materials that will last a long time. The temperature control is very convenient to change by foot, and my cold feet are now quickly warmed anytime I want.
207. I have sinus issues, so I use tissues a lot. A lot. I'm pretty picky (no pun intended) when it comes to the quality of my tissues since I use them practically every day. I don't like thin, scratchy tissues and I also don't like tissues that are too thick because I find them hard to grip. I've always stayed away from tissues with lotion because in the past they have been too thick for my liking, but I tried these and they are perfect. Not too thin, not too thick, comfortable and easy to use. They aren't scratchy, they don't fall apart, and they leave my nose happy.
208. This one is in my bedroom on my nightstand. I absolutely love this and I put a few drops of essential oils in the top part and I sleep like a baby!
209. Did not leak great purchase for what I needed
210. Got one for myself a few years back, it has held up to weekly use for years.  Strong sturdy and easy to use.  put a cup of epsom salts and an aveeno packet and soak your feet and ankles for heavenly bliss.  I liked it so much, I got one for my dad when he started having problems with his feet.  warm water, some epsom salts and you are good to go.
211. I don't understand how anybody could like this oil. It smells exactly like house paint. I expected earthy, herbal chamomile and got house paint. Had a couple of other people sanity check my nose - they both agreed it smelled like nothing but paint fumes. No idea.
212. Exactly as described. Both table cloths were thin plastic but they held up just fine throughout the party. Worked out great!
213. Helps organize and keeps me on track with my medication.  In a few moments I am set for the next week.
214. These bottles are perfect for blending your essential oils. The size, 10 ml, is great for home use or for travel. I will only use glass bottles for EO blends, and prefer dark or colored bottles as the light won't affect the contents. When ordering colored bottles, it is important that the bottles are colored glass and not just color-coated or painted glass. These are colored blue glass. The roller snaps on securely, and after I filled the bottle i laid it on its side for 15 minutes to make sure it didn't leak. It didn't. The roller is very smooth, and glides gently and easily, not always the case with other bottles from other manufacturers. The price was very competitive, and with Amazon Prime free shipping, the order arrived quickly. I am very pleased with these bottles and will definitely order from this supplier again.
215. Love it! Easy to use; tastes & smells great! ❤️
216. This is 3 ounces, NOT 3 pounds!  But came on time and its great for travel.
217. Easy set up.  Works great!
218. At this strength I take one a day and it's relieved the arthritis pain in my hands almost completely, I was not able to walk two miles without having to stop because of the pain. A friend turned me on to the pain relief of Turmeric Curcumin  with Black Pepper. I've been using it for two years now it has the right combination. I now walk 2 miles without any pain at all. I take one a day.
219. I got it for my mom who has a huge problem with her glasses sipping down her nose. She says that it kind of works. But I do have know if I'll buy it again.
220. I used these capsules for approximately 1 month but did not find them helpful at all. I have not reordered.
221. This replacement bowl & lid works perfectly!
222. fit the WP-100 and works great thanks for making the replacement as our hose cracked at the handle.  Getting more use out of the unit.  TX&#62;&#62;
223. Wasn't sure if I was going to like this or even if it was going to work but I'm surprised! And pleasantly. Charging it with a USB takes a couple of hours and then  you just push the button to the on position and push on the handle, and you can light your candles and everything else. Just a tip .. At 1st I thought it didn't work because I wasn't pushing the button-down after sliding it on like you would a normal lighter but after you slide it to the on position you have to push that button to get it to light . Love it! And it will save me money on having to buy long lighters.
224. This has a lavender note to it, but not the strong unmistakable scent of any lavenderslavandins I've worked with before. It is not floral to my nose at all. It has a somewhat chemical pine like scent that is present that I'm not fond of. There is no information about the oil, as in the botanical name or its origin, on the bottle or packaging. I'm certain this is not true lavender.
225. Beautiful gilding flakes with the color of fall. Will look great on any project.
226. Easy to use.  Good quality product.  Thank you.
227. Very good for what I needed
228. Love this toothbrush. I can use it for about two weeks and then I have to recharge it. Has lots of great settings. Will purchase again if I need to.
229. It's the only cotton I use for my vape for the last 3 years or so. I occasionally order different cotton and every single time I have my vape flavor suffers. At best it dulls the flavor and at worst it adds a chemical-y taste that ruins my vape experience.This is the best cotton I have ever used for my vape. I can't believe how much of a difference it makes. You would think it really wouldn't matter since the juice is doing all the work but it really does.I'm not into the price but for now it's well worth it. Also one bag lasts me a long time so it's not painful at this price point.
230. Have used for years.  Now I have a convenient case to carry in my purse.
231. Works perfectly for combining medications for emergency use - just what we needed!
232. Could not get either size to stay in ear. Go with high quality foam instead. Threw these away immediately.
233. Product arrived quickly. The product is exactly as it appears online. The colors shown in the photos are exactly the colors I received.The product comes in a plastic case for storage. The top of my case had a crack in it upon arrival. Not a big deal.Product works exactly like expected. Getting your pet to cooperate with something like this it’s easier said than done. Recommend starting your pet using a product like this as a puppy or kitten if possible to acclimate them.The material of the finger brush is quality plastic or rubber. It easily slipped onto my finger and more importantly stayed on my finger while using. It was easy to takeoff and easy to clean.There are two brushes connected for two different fingers. I am not sure why. In most scenarios I can’t imagine you would be able to stick both fingers in your pets mouth at the same time and use both of them. A one finger brush would be just fine.
234. My feet fill great. No greasy feeling.
235. You get what you pay for..cheaply made and not worth the effort.
236. This product has definitely helped remove some hard water stains from around our sink area.  We have terrible problems with hard water in our area, I am happy if anything works. My husband has been using it around the sink for about a week or so, and the difference is noticeable.  Yay
237. Have bought this many times- this time- they have changed the formulaflavortexture- it is HORRIBLE!! Will not buy again, This happened with the MRM protein powder as well, why the change??
238. The scent is not strong enough
239. To soon to know if it work for me.
240. I’ve used this for a month now. The wood has stayed fine in my shower with no peeling or warping. No bristles have fallen out. My problem is that the bristles are SUPER HARD AND SCRATCHY! Like, serious ouchie. And they haven’t softened with a month of daily use. Also, the plastic side is worthless. And that’s the only part that has discolored. I can’t really recommend, so order with caution!
241. These are great~
242. Horrible!!! Never got it wet and it turned my finger green in 2 days!! Not worth the hassle returning it. I regret having g one on the way for a friend!!! I'm not giving it to her!
243. I reordered this after good results from my first order.  Some people have difficulty getting the powder to dissolve.  The company sent me directions and assurances that it will gradually dissolve and gel.  The directions say to add a small amount of the powder in cold distilled water.  At first it will be clumpy and cloudy, but after a few hours in the refrigerator it will clear and gel.  I then dilute it to the thickness I want.  I was told it will be OK at room temp for a week and in the frige for weeksmonths.  Their customer service is very helpful and the gel itself is so good for my face.  I use it night and day with a general face cream.  I does not bother my skin at all, whereas other products with other ingredients (preservatives?) would cause my skin to sting a bit.  I also use this as a topical cream for my knees and wrists in hopes this will help with my arthritis.  It can be taken internally also, as I am told.
244. I use this Soylent powder daily in my morning shakes. The packets were handy when I needed to travek.
245. Cheeper than the MLM , .I use now an then .Whan I was taking every day , my hair got very dark .
246. I really like this product. I was concerned about the small size of the compartments, but I found that it holds my prescription meds, which are the most critical. I can keep my larger supplement pills in another container and take them separately. I take one star off because there are a couple of compartments that don't stay closed without bullying, but out of 124 compartments, 122 good ones seems pretty good to me. The daily container is small enough to tuck into my purse so I can always have it with me when dosing time arrives. I found it quite easy to load up, and now I have a full month ready so I have no excuses.
247.  From the standpoint of a beauty device junkie, this brush set is an excellent value.It is battery operated, so no being tied to the electric outlet. It's sealed so using it in the shower is no problem.It comes with a large body brush-head, a petite size for the face, a sponge head and a pumice.Unlike the sonic vibration of a Clairsonic, this has a rotary action. That type of action makes it possible to have this tool be pumice friendly.In my opinion, it shines the brightest as a body brush. As a pre-shower dry brush it preps legs and arms. In the shower or tub use it wet with soap or body cleanser.It removes dead dull flakes to help skin look bright and encourage new cell growth.DISCLOSURE: Product received to test, with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned after testing.Views and opinions are my own. I have no affiliation with any manufacturer or distributor other than choosing to review their item.You are probably considering buying this product if you are reading this. Hopefully this review was was helpful, but if not, just let me know what's missing and I'll try to help you.
248. I thought I was receiving a larger size, so when I received the very small bag that I paid over ten dollars for... I wasam quite disappointed. The amount I received... is worth about 5 dollars MAX. I got ripped off... because I was in a hurry and not paying close enough attention to the ounces. So, be forewarned... IF you make the purchase, you will be receiving a very SMALL bag for over ten dollars.
249. Added a scoop to protein or fruit smoothies and loved it. Drinking it plain in water is a bit much, but in milk or a non-dairy sub like vanilla soy or oat, it's delicious
250. I love this soundmaker. I've ordered a couple of them. Some as gifts. It allows me to watch TV after my husband goes to bed...because he is such a light sleeper. He complained at first that it was too loud. If he would use his eyes and not his mouth and read the directions he would have seen it has a volume control on it. I didn't say anything..he hee, so I can hear the TV in the den when he goes to bed YEA!!!
251. Great buy
252. Very sturdy and I'm not the least bit concerned about it being able to support the weight of my husband when he needs to reach a little higher up.
253. The bottle said the color was grey and it turned out to be navy blue color. It peels off fairly easy also. I just wasn't very satisfied with this product.
254. I have sensitive skin and this keeps my hair healthy with NO irritation.
255. I bought this kit for the heels I wanted to wear to my college graduation. I was breaking them in for weeks leading up to the ceremony. I thought this kit would help. But it didn't do anything and I was so disappointed. The pads offered no support - my feet still kept slipping forward. The pads even gave me blisters I didn't have prior to using them with the same shoes. I don't recommend this product at all.
256. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!! Such good quality and absolutely BEAUTIFUL...!!
257. These masks are comfortable, fit well, and have a nice neutral appearance, but dang they come out of the package with a potent plastic-like odor. They've been out of the package 2-3 hours now and are sitting on my desk as I write this and the smell is still making me wheeze. I just hope it does wash out!
258. This is a cute set of 4 different holiday-themed face masks. They fit my 8-year-old perfectly and she liked wearing them to school to show her festive spirit. She said they were comfortable and breathable.
259. I love using it because it is the perfect firmness for a bath body brush.  Firm enough for exfoliating and soft enough not to scratch.  Why only 3 stars?  It starts shedding bristles pretty quick, still usable for awhile- but then the plastic sheet that holds the bristles comes apart in pieces, then not usable any more.I did buy a second one, hoping it lasts longer than a couple months.
260. Nice little key ring. It has several little plastic containers that you can use for many different things.I'm using it to carry with me oils for the sauna when going to the gym. It is small and you can easily carry it with you.
261. Saw nicer ones at the dollar store
262. cleans the air before you inhale:)
263. I've been consuming fulvic and humic acids pretty much daily for the past couple of years in a shilajit form, which is dark, sometimes very thick and it never tastes good by itself.  So, when I saw Trace Minerals humic and fulvic acid on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I've purchased several Trace Mineral product before, mainly their concentrated trace mineral drops and have found them to be very good quality.  I think this Trace Mineral Liquid Gut Health is a very good product and delivers some fulvic and humic acids that are so good for health and so rare to find in the basic American diet.  This is not as concentrated as what you get in shilajit, but it's a big bottle, one teaspoon is the daily dose, and it has no flavor.  It tastes like water.  I think this is a very good supplement though I don't know if it will help with gut health or not but is still a healthy supplement. Shilajit can be very expensive (a couple of hundred dollars depending on the quality) but it contains a LOT of trace minerals.  But for a much less expensive substitute I think the Trace Minerals is a good choice.
264. Great work great
265. Great taste good and useful on the road.
266. Did  not see any positive changes.
267. A single sheet is good for a pair of underwear. The soap dissolves quickly but the water does not feel too soapy so not sure about the quality of cleaning. Best is to let the clothes sit in the soap solution for 5 minutes before rinsing.
268. just as advertized.
269. Liquid car wax ended up on the carpet of my brand new car. This took it out on the first try after it been there for about 6 months
270. I seriously don't think these items travel well! The scale is inaccurate and changes every single time you step on. Some days I weigh 60 and other days I weigh 150. Returning this item
271. these masks we toss-aways, unless you have a small child, these are uselessly small - what a waste
272. got out a set grease stain, but didn't get out some dirt, so i dunno; but since then it has been wonderful
273. I like the way this fit on my face. It's stitched so it stands proud of your face so breathing is not too hard. Where some masks sit so close tom your mouth you tend to inhale some of the fabric if you exert yourself. But that was all I really liked. There's no slot for a filter and it's only two ply and worse even though the ear straps stretch fairly well there's not enough elastic and they pull painfully at my ears. You can see in the image how it's pulling my ears forward. I wish this had fit better because I like the design, it looks like an old bandanna and I wore a lot of those camping and hiking.  Women, teens and children will get a good fit out of this but it's not for men with a largish head.
274. needed them for security system - works great
275. Make sure you don't poke your eye out though. It is nice to have a curl to your lashes and this will do the job, just be careful. Follow all directions carefully and you will pleased with the outcome.
276. First time I’ve ever taken a tablet vs capsule and I really like it! Easy to swallow and provides 700 mg turmerictablet. The tablets are much smaller than a penny and fit inside my pill box neatly. They do smell like what they are! Which I like and makes me think they are fresh and active. That said, even though they smell spicy, my tummy has never had an issue with them. 240 in each bottle makes this an excellent value! I love turmeric and the pain free life it allows me to live!
277. I tried to wear but they hurt my feet so bad that I could hardly stand up. Then it cost me more to send them back than I paid for them
278. Easy to use and looks great on many projects
279. Great for the price, the material is soft and feels high quality. It does let a tiny light to enter trough the nose part but it's ok for any comfy sleep.
280. Waste of money
281. This roller has really helped my husband. His PT guy used it on him and he was amazed how it helped. Hope to get many years out of it.
282. I wish the labels for the Scented Candle Bath Bombs included the fragrance(s), rather than just “Lucky You” or “Princess” or “To Life!” Since the bath bombs are described as “aromatherapy candles and bath bombs,” the scent is clearly a big part of Purelis’s intentions.But I couldn’t make out any of the scents. I tried “Passion,” since I figured if any color would stain me or the tub, it would be the deep green bath bomb. Did the scent evoke passion for me? Nope. I have no idea what it was supposed to smell like. It didn’t smell bad, but my nose was clueless.The bath bomb didn’t fizz at all. It floated around the tub and slowly dissolved.The “Passion” bath bomb did color the water a deep green color that did not stain at all, so that’s a plus.
283. I used this as a filler for some pneumatic pressure gauges that needed filling.  It works great for that.
284. Cellulite is one of those things that most adult women have in varying degrees.There are thousands of devices, lotions, and potions claiming to be the one miracle product that gives you the smooth skin we all long for.In reality,  there is no miracle. Still, I really like this set.This massager works well to increase circulation and prep skin for lotions. Those acts alone can help improve the look of your legs and bottom.The round one is great in the shower, using a cleansing oil to help it keep moving over your skin.The other one feels fantastic in or out of the shower. It is an excellent relaxation massager, from shoulders to feet.Both are easy to grip and non slip.Product received to test with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned. Views and opinions are my own.
285. I accept we need to wear masks in public. That's fine, I don't mind. I have some breathing issues (COPD) but I don't run around with fake notes from fake government sites trying to get away with not wearing a mask.These seemed like a good idea for five or ten minutes then someone took a closer look. Other styles of these inserts have clips or hooks molded into them so they can easily be attached to the disposable paper style of mask. These inserts lack any means to hold them in place. You're expected to stuff this under your mask and wish or hope it stays in place. It won't, it's going to slide around while your mask goes another way. If you're lucky it won't pop out and fall to the ground.Breathing while wearing a mask isn't fun. You can do it. Doctor's do it with much more restrictive masks for half a day or longer. but this insert. . . you're literally blocking off 50+% of the surface area inside the mask with plastic that blocks air flow. I sat quietly for five minutes trying this mask out, it became uncomfortably warm inside the mask. I started to sweat. When I tried to talk the insert slid about under my mask. I had to take this off. It was horrible. According to one of the product images in the listing This product will:Realive you from the Bellow Problerms• Mask Stick to Lipstick - Did not test, probably works.• Not Breathing Smoothly - This hindered smooth breathing.• Fogging of Glasses - If anything these worsen how badly glasses fog.• Sultry Wearing a Mask - This insulates and blocks airflow. Hot & stuffy.These were and are a terrible idea. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone. . . unless I really didn't like them.
286. The stick connects to make it holdable, however mine never clicked in place so it comes apart when i spray, had to tape it together. I know you get what you pay for but damn.
287. With three dogs, we get our share of little accidents, and sometimes not so little accidents.This spray works very well on pet odors, including urine. It's very easy to use thanks to the spray bottle that directs the product just where you want it.I've used it on a variety of surfaces. It cleans just about everything, but really shines when it comes to my fur babies. One of them is pad trained but sometimes misses the pad. This cleans it up quickly and effectively.It has an orange fragrance that's actually quite pleasant.
288. I love the scent and the calming feeling it gives.
289. We use Magic Erasers to clean so many things!  Have been using them for years and will continue to do so.
290. As a person with a 40-year history of allergies, I honestly consider myself an expert on tissues.  In fact, I generally opt for paper towels as my go-to tissue simply for their durability (I generally do not care about the texture or feel).  I found the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS to be a refreshing approach to the standard box of tissues in that they not only hold-up when used, they have silky texture that glides the tissue across the skin.WHAT MAKES THESE TISSUE STAND OUT?My constant need for having a tissue (or ten) on hand at any given moment has led to a more unconventional approach … using paper towels.  The main reasons why I’ve opted for such a heavy duty approach are that most every tissue I’ve ever used presented three issues I couldn’t stand:  1) they easily blew apart and created a mess, 2) they had little to no absorption quality and 3) they were super dry and always left “tissue dust” on my upper lip (especially if I didn’t shave that day).  A paper towel was so much easier to deal with, especially if you could not readily throw the tissue away after use.The KLEENEX ESPRESSIONS is a big step in the direction I was looking for in a tissue as all three of my issues are simultaneously addressed with this product.  First, the tissues are not dry at all and leave no paper remnants on my upper lip after use.  Coconut oil and aloe are “infused” into the tissue and generate a silky feel that is not moist, but not dry.  The tissue glides across the skin smoothly and does not leave any residue.  Additionally, the constitution of these tissues allows them to be stronger and more absorptive that most tissues I have previously used.  In other words, they do not blow apart and generate a nasty mess after use.While I am still reliant on my paper towel square as a standard pocket handkerchief, for those with less heavy-duty needs, the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS with the lotion infused in the tissue offers a high degree of comfort and durability.  For the common cold or sinus infection where constant tissue use turns your nose raw, this tissue would certainly be my recommendation.
291. Worked as expected
292. Very poorly designed and potentially dangerous as to stay put around calf you need to apply too much tightness around, therefore compromising circulation. Put in the trash after one use.
293. I couldn't believe how this eliminated my allergy symptoms.  I no longer need to take Claritin or Zyrtec, which are chemicals I'd rather avoid.
294. Awesome massager. I have a broken toe and it hurts from time to time especially a long day of walking. It feels so much better after a couple rounds of massaging it. I didn't mess with the setting, but just a push of the power button, it starts right away and provide instant relief. Kinda miss it now that I am not around home and won't be able to use it.
295. You have to do it pretty slow and make sure you buff your nails with an actual sand type grit one before you use these or you’ll leave horizontal scratch marks on your nails. You can only see the scratches at an angle but they’re there. Other than that, the price and the shine these give me have me hooked. I’ve been using them nonstop and can’t stop showing people how shiny my nails are. 😂
296. The Berta Hair Straightener 1 inch worked alright on my hair. My hair is past my thighs, and thick. I spend a lot of time trying to dry or straighten it. The control buttons are on the inside of the handle, I had some difficulty reading the digital display ,and it took some time to heat up. It was a very good price though and it does work well.
297. Item was delivered quickly and is exactly as described.
298. So very soft, and makes a nice lather. A tad smaller than I expected, but I got used to it quickly.  Held up pretty well, shape-wise.  I will be reordering.
299. A friend of mine, who is a dermatologist, once said that petroleum jelly is one of the absolute best things you can use to soften and heal dry, cracked skin.I like the value here and the ease with which the top comes off and gently snaps back on.
300. I love these tissues because when I get sick, my nose always gets raw and the lotion in these helps banish the redness I typically get. They are ultra soft and absorbent, and the boxes are small enough to keep one in every room of my house. The boxes themselves are pretty enough to display without a tissue box cover, and I love that they pop up and are always readily available. Whether you're battling allergies or the flu, make sure you have plenty of these on hand because you'll be hard pressed to find a better product.
301. I love this lighter. It works great for lighting candles,  I love you can charge it and not worry about buying expensive butane lighters, battery is long lasting,  price is right. I bought one for mother in law for stocking stuffer.  Very giftable.
302. This is ok if you are only going to use it for a short time, but I would invest in something better if you are going to wear it all day every day. This item came with one set of glassesframes that you could stick the 5 disposable shields to. It was pretty hard to get it to work. It looked like there was a groove for the shield to fit into, but I could never get it in. The adhesive was pretty lame. By the end of two hours it was coming off. So much for extra protection.
303. I really like these. They work well. When I ordered them, they were priced at $39 and change. Now the prices have risen beyond $100 for the same product. I'm disappointed in that.  I probably won't purchase them again.  They do seem to work well in a house with two dogs and forced air heating, I have noticed a difference.
304. They did the job and they are nice, not cheap at all. Tho the price is high for stickers.
305. These seem to be good, simple, inexpensive ear plugs. Nothing fancy here, just the usual. They work well enough and stay in fine. I bought these to wear to a concert in a smallish venue (1000 ppl) for a concert, and the sound system in this venue is always FAR too loud--much more than other venues. These did the trick, blocking enough of the sound to prevent ringing in the ears.
306. This review is for the vanilla cold brew flavor. This is so good. It's one of the best tasting whey proteins I've tried. I usually add a lot of extra stuff to my protein shakes including cinnamon and extra vanilla. This is great just on it's own. Cold water, frozen banana and this protein is refreshing and satiating all at the same time.The flavor is great, and this is also a whey protein that I can feel good about with all of the quality ingredients. The package is large too. Some of my other protein powders look about half full when they are brand new. This bag holds a lot.
307. The body brush is indeed only for your body, unlike that from higher end models. I have not used this in the shower with batteries because I am not convinced the casing will not allow water into the battery compartment.
308. You will do good to use spirulina. It is nutrient dense food and is good for you. It may also help with allergies. It helps remove metals. It also is very high in chlorophyll. Good stuff.
309. *wifes review*This is a really amazing product. If you are concerned about saving money and hygiene this is the perfect item for you. The sponge is really durable and will last a long time and it also uses about half of the make-up product that a regular sponge would use. It is also super easy to clean and since it doesnt absorb water or make-up you dont have to worry about letting it dry completely to prevent mold. It does feel a little weird on your face and takes a little longer to blend out but I think it actually looks more natural and smooth once fully applied.I'm only giving it 4 stars because it is a little hard to blend into your hair line, around your eyes and the crease of your nose but other than that I think this sponge is awesome.
310. This moisturizer was suggested to my by my podiatrist. This non-prescription product replaces a previous prescription given by him for extremely dry skin on my feet. I works very well, and is easier to use than the prescription since it is thicker and creamier, less likely to drip during use,
311. This product gets everything clean. It's the best.
312. Awesome comfort!
313. Works as good as DEET spray
314. It did take a long time to ship but I have no complaints.I have never tried Pine pollen before so I have nothing to compare it to.It got here earlier then promised.
315. Like the scent, but quality control is poor as some of the cans don't work.
316. This brand was recommended to me on the DIY e-liquid forums, and I've been 100% satisfied with it. Easy to work with, very clean taste, and nicely packaged in an HDPE bottle that has a safety seal on it.Essential Depot also sells this on their website, but with Prime, it's a better deal on Amazon. However, if you're looking for larger quantities, Essential Depot sometimes has a 1 gallon PG1 gallon VG combo deal at a great price.Highly recommend this for DIY use.
317. I found that that hard round bit that goes over your knee was very uncomfortable, and actually made my knee hurt more.
318. Perfect for a tween or teen! I can't see this lasting long for an adult, but it has been a good purchase for my 11 year old as we have started discussing the importance of keeping your skin clean.
319. Soooooo Comfey and what we needed for stadium seating on wood seats. We ordered four and four happy people.
320. Tastes great, I'm squating 4-5 times a week with a 5x5 set. Helps a bunch with recovery, as I'm never feeling sore. I've purchased this 3 times in a row now.... 'nough said.
321. It's Imperative to get your omega 3's.
322. What I liked:-Easy liquid form to add to teas, smoothies, and other drinks-4,250mg of Elderberry Extract (very potent)-Flavor is tart, but sweet at the same time (tastes great when added to other drinks)What I didn't like:- Bottle has a wide opening so it's easy to pour more than 1 tsp if you're not careful. I place the bottle lid over a teaspoon measuring cup, which is also above my drink. Haven't had any issues or spills.OVERALL: Great product!UPDATE 1 Nov 2021:- Still love this product and I keep purchasing it for the antioxidants, especially during flucovid- To solve the dripping issue, I left the metallic covering on the bottle and used a razor blade to make a small triangle opening. I place my finger over it while shaking the bottle and then I remove my finger to pour it into my teas. No drip, no mess.-Flavor is great!!!
323. My wife loved the clamps. The chain however broke on the first use.
324. When I was visiting my son and wife, they invited me to watch while they bathed their one month old daughter.  I watched how uncomfortable it was for my daughter-in-law to be kneeling on the floor, awkwardly reaching over the hard rim of the tub to bathe the baby.I remembered seeing these knee and elbow pads for the tub, and found some I liked.  I sent them pics.  They liked the gray ones and the larger ones.  I found this was larger than the ones I'd sent photos of so would give them more space to move around on.They are very happy with this.  My daughter-in-law likes the pockets to store items for the baby, too.  She says she wishes the edges of the elbow pad were padded, too.  That's a thought for this company to consider.  But she really likes this - 5 star.It is washable.  I was so glad to find something they like, and they can use.  This would make for a good baby shower gift that a couple might not think to buy for themselves.  My son and wife hadn't known of these pads.  I wish I'd had something like this when I was bathing my babies.
325. Love this product.  Doesn't leak and holds quite a large amount of product
326. This is a very cheap product. Does not remove a thing
327. never noticed anything different good or bad..
328. Really hard to use. Even can’t install for Benz cars
329. These fit perfectly and work very well!
330. I have suffered achilles tendinitis which necessitated wearing a knee-high cast for a month.Since then, my sports doctor recommended that I always use gel heel pads. However, I discovered the pedag insoles while shoe shopping in New York. My feet immediately felt more supported and comfortable using them. However, the price at the shoe store was, to me, exorbitant.I contacted the mfr. who suggested I shop online and lo and behold, Amazon has the full line at less than half the cost. and what service do they provide!!!! (We all know about their books)>I have stocked up a couple of pairs and I acually gave my sister one of mine, she was so impressed with how they helped her. It is not just the feet but they help the entire skeletal system and the back.Now I am able to wear thin, flat shoes because the insoles provide the support invisibly without the bulk. I  cannot live without them now and will alays keep a couple extra pairs on hand. At Amazon's prices, that is easy.
331. Not my first "real silk" sleep mask. In short: Light, breathable, not hot, blocks light, good adjustable fit, super silky, doesn't dehydrate skin, is gentle on skin- no rubbing, dragging. Cozy plush feel. Good stitching, nicely packaged.I rate this primarily on my experience. I dont factor price in. Prices fluctuate, there are coupons, everyone has different budgets, preferences, and so on. You decide if it is worth it. This is actual silk and there is a price tag that goes with it. Not everyone wants a polyester dupe. Not everyone wants low level silk (that feels like polyester). If you have no preference, then there are some lovely low level momme silk options, as well as some nice polyester satin options for fraction of price. This is for those that want actual silk (RIP silkworms).  That being said, I have used a wide variety of eye masks of different materials and styles. Here is my take on this:It feels light and lush. Very soft and silky. I am privvy to the look, feel, performance of various textiles including various silk levels. This is 25 momm and feels like it. I dont question that at all.Silk is nice for any skin, but is particularly gentle on delicate skin or skin easily irritated. It is breathable, and it doesnt dehydrate already dry skin. I notice that my skin is less parched when I use silk versus low end polyester. That is material that is smashed up against my skin for 8 hours each night. I would prefer to not have material that is rough and drags against my skin. Same can be said for pillow cases and my hair. Though I do keep other styles at my bedside, I always come back to silk.  I happened to be in need of another real silk mask because I accidentally washed and dried my trusty silk mask and it shrunk significantly (note to self: hand wash, air dry.).The fit is good for me. Generous size which is nice for my wide face and big nose. Plenty of elastic and the adjustment option allows it to be as loose or snug as I desire. I find that it blocks light from every angle. I normally dont mind a little light to seep through so long as I dont notice while my eyes are closed. But this blocks it all out for me. I had to lift an edge to see if the tv was still on (my hubs will watch tv in bed with sound offcaptions on). I couldnt tell. Come morning, I pushed the mask up a little so as not to accidentally sleep all day.Not hot. Some masks really trap heat. This is breathable. Again, function of the material used. Of course any material can block light. So it comes down to your needs and preferences.Nicely packagedAt time of review, this was $35 with 30% coupon. While I dont rate on price (except for in the rate features section, which I give 3 stars), I will comment that $35 is the ceiling for nearly all 22-25 momme silk eye masks. If you can get it in the 20 something range, then that is reasonable.
332. These are very substantial and hold the shoes on securely. I use them for dancing in heels.
333. Way to difficult to use would not recommend
334. I have been happy with this product for surface-dirt removal on old non-glossy dustjackets, cloth boards and spines, and the page block edges (quick swipe 'with the grain' along the top-edge takes off dust build-up). I have found it especially good for brightening up cloth boards that have become dingy with surface dirt. This is not a stain-remover. If you deal with a lot of dusty books, this is good for freshening them up.UPDATE: We are about to re-order some of these. We got a good year out of them, and really should have re-ordered at that point. It speaks well of the product that we've been able to squeeze another year out of them. We rinse them now and then, but in the second year the sponges are still functional, but they start to crumble and lose little pieces. It's a sponge, and we use them pretty heavily, so this is not a big problem for me. The price is right for replacement. We'll re-order again I am sure.We use these to clean dust off the top of the page block, and to take surface dust and mold off of the boards of a hardcover. Sometimes when end-papers get moldy, you can use these sponges to take the worst of it off. Same with the underside of dust jacket that has been exposed to mold.
335. Great for use below stability tape. Also great to have around to keep a bandaid in place.
336. Excellent product that is precise and doesn't pull skin with the hair.
337. If you like snacking Yacon Slices are ideal.  Slightly moist and chewy and sweet.  I, however, am not a 'snacker'.  I bought them for the gut benefits.  Yacon contains a prebiotic, Inulin, which breaks down into a probiotic, fructoogligosaccharides, which helps promote a healthy, happy gut.  Yacon is a pleasant way to keep your microbiome happy.
338. What can you say about this product? Hopefully it does what it says it does.
339. I do volunteer work where we do free dental work  and i bought these to include in a post procedure  package. Wverythung was perfect and im very happy these were cheap enough that we can continue to buy and provide our service at low cost.  Good product.
340. They cut very well and are as advetised.
341. I received a 1 oz sample of this to remove a automotive badge. I sprayed it on the VHB adhesive residue and came back a few minutes later ready for a struggle. To my surprise the adhesive just wiped away with a paper towel. I was shocked.I then purchased this bottle and have used it on every sticker adhesive label in sight. In the past I have tried 3M adhesive remover and Griots Garage adhesive remover but nothing even remotely compares to this.INCREDIBLE !!!
342. Great addition for 21st bday
343. Unfortunately these are way to easily broken.  They break as soon as they poke or bend in the slightest way.
344. This flat iron has changed my LIFE!! I have incredibly thick hair and every time I use these my hair become silky smooth. I recommend you purchase these irons because they will change your life too!!!
345. Cheap, the soap leaks out of the sponge.
346. Don't Look or Fit Good at All and I checked the measurements against my Foster Grant Reading Glasses. These are very poor quality and are extremely uncomfortable.
347. This brush bristles were way too short for me. I’m sure others may feel differently about the brush. It just wasn’t for me, so I returned this item.
348. I love these roller bottles; so much so that I've purchased another set.  I have been using them with my essential oil mixes and they have been fabulous.  I only had one instance where the little roller ball came out but I popped it back in and it has been fine (I've had this happen to me with an expensive brand that I purchased through a distributor).I highly recommend these.
349. I got it for Christmas as a gift. It's May and it wont work. It had water in it. We cleaned it out, dried it out and put fresh batteries in. Upon using it stopped after 15 seconds. It was full of water again.
350. The problem is that if oils leak, you need a new insert of foam rubber.  I need one.  I put tin foil in the oils where oils leaked.  Otherwise, love the case.
351. This is a great product, and is extremely helpful for someone with blood sugar issues.  It takes some experimentation for cookingbaking, but is worth the effort.  I love it.
352. You can tell the difference in quality during the pandemic. Will see if the prices come down when things return to normal. Gotta love supply and demand without morales!
353. Works OK, spring seems to stretch out after time.
354. I liked the concept and I had high hopes. The bubbled side was useless and the bristles side was almost as useless. Very soft on the body so it pretty much glides all around and doesn’t actually scrub, slough, massage or clean. It depends on the person’s needs but the product is definitely not for me. Also, thick creamy body wash like Dove just gets stuck on the bottom of  the grooves and doesn’t suds up nor easily rinse clean. I didn’t try with more liquid body wash.Wish I could return it.
355. Very sturdy, easy to use and you can pick up a dime with it
356. works better than goo gone.  we pay this much for an 8 oz spray bottle.
357. Nice roomy basket, I use to keep dog toys and balls on my back porch for my dog.
358. I drink camu camu in my juice or in my smoothies. I bought some camu camu as well for a family member. Even if a person did not want to use camu every day, it is a good product to have in the cupboard. When you start feeling like you are run down - take camu camu for a few days. If you feel as if you are on the verge of coming down with a bug, add camu to your diet. When everyone at the j.o.b. was getting ill, I sailed on through every time as healthy as can be. Although some people say that camu does taste a bit bitter, I found that varies with brands, Regardless, I simply mix it (with my bullet or blender not a spoon!!) with apple juice, or pine apple juice if I'm not adding it to one of my&#34;mean green&#34; smoothies. I've tried 3 different brands and I like Maju's.I did not find it sour tasting. This is an organic product which is high in vitamin C.
359. Very nice item! It makes a little noise, but it's fine. Refreshes the air effectively (I am a college student and my roommate smokes so I got this cigarette smell through the vent, and this device helps a lot). I add some essential oil there for aromatherapy.
360. I bought this then went to a Pure Romance party and found out you can use it for a lot of things like spraying under your bra line to stay fresh or in shoes. Smells great!
361. Works good for large plants
362. I think it might be good but too harsh on my stomach.
363. It’s not like the old white pearl drops.
364. Good but dont know why you cannot ingest.
365. Not what I expected.
366. It works great wish I could see the graduation a little bit more.
367. The tea is tasty and does seem to settle irritable tummies.  I tried the loose tea since it seemed to be more economical.  Bad decision.  After trying 3 different tea strainers, all unsuccessfully.  The tea leaves drift through the strainer and the cup had too many loose tea leaves to bear.  I shall stick to the tea bags.  Too much work, too little time to necessitate double straining tea. Thus, the reason for four stars.
368. This product is great! Better than any other heating pad I have ever purchased. It is soft and heats my whole back and shoulders. It is a must have item!!!
369. I had COVID, my taste & smell ability was impacted and I had huge drainage from my sinuses. ICK.  No other mouthwash got the bad taste out of my mouth and kept the bad taste away. It also helped my sore throat. Now I’m better and I’m not going back to any other mouthwash.
370. Tumble smells like a man's (cheap) cologne. It does not smell like anything you would expect or want a baby to smell like. Okay for a man I suppose.
371. I've tried and tried and tried, but I cannot get an accurate weight on this scale. it's not even consistently off. I'll get on, and it will say 145, step off, step back on and it says 152. Get off and get back on again, and it says 143. It seems closer at lower weights, but still off.  Do NOT buy this. It's worse than NO scale.
372. 5 mins to deep clean the pores; 5 mins to do facial treatment prep; 5 mins hydrating; 5 mins moisturizing (once a week).if you are in a hurry, just take the 1st step and 3rd step. The machine is well made. (dont's: no alcohol or oil on the metal head, do not use machine during shower, keep it away from water)
373. To my surprise, it really does work.  I have this little shaver that goes through AAA batteries pretty quickly, so I put the batteries into the device and plugged it in.  Three days later, the 'renewing' light blinked out (i.e. the battery was renewed), so I tried the batteries out and they are working like new.  It was very easy to use, too.  If you use a lot of AA or AAA batteries, I'd highly recommend this ReNu It Battery Renewer.Update: I found that if I didn't immediately use the renewed batteries, they would start leaking.  So either don't leave the renewed batteries sitting around unused or get normal rechargable batteries (which is the option I've finally ended up going with).
374. This product didn't lift yellowing caused by long-term storage in any way.
375. My youngest has had issues staying asleep at night. Purchased this and she seems to like it as she has been sleeping better at night.
376. Beautifully packed, great for gifting, high quality soft brush. One for you, one for a friend?.. Very nice.
377. This has a really good lemonlime Mountain Dew Baja Blast flavor.  it mixes well and does what it needs to do! I The tub is very small! I didn't realize that it was a sample size. So the price isn't as attractive as it seems.  Other than that complaint, I can recommend it. Isn't too sweet, and definitely works.
378. Very easy to use. Very comfortable. Provides relief from pain due to slouching which most everyone does. This really helps at first we were doubtful but after using for a while it shows. My posture is way better and my back doesnt hurt as much
379. My husband has a goatee and mustache, so regular masks don't work well for him. They tend to creep down as he talks, uncovering his nose, which is problematic. I decided to order this mask for him and it seems to work. It's larger and the long attached string keeps lets it hang around his neck when he pulls the mask itself down. He likes it a lot. Thanks!
380. Used this to break in some 700HO brushed motors. Worked perfectly!
381. Easy clean starts helping pain at once.Relaxes muscles more then equate roll on pain reliever
382. My old handle had started sticking with the button ... easy to replace and now it works as it should.
383. Wonderful product! I ordered this last week and received within 1-2 working days. I actually got much more than I expecting from this casual Microfiber shower wrap. The comfortable stuff, quality fabric, smooth touch, great water absorbent, and relaxing feel is what I need for a cool shower after a hectic day in office.
384. My dog had a broken toe. We used this for a week. Exactly what we needed. 👍👍 We kept it dry an wouldn't let her chew or lick her foot.
385. I just wanted to give it 5 stars and be done with the review, but they require a description on Amazon...so I'll post my mom's secret chocolate chip cookie recipe here instead (not so secret anymore, is it, Mom!?):4 cubes butter, softened2 heaping cups dark brown sugar (packed, then heap that shiz)½ cups white sugar2 tablespoons vanilla1 ½ teaspoon salt1 ½ teaspoons baking soda3 eggs6 cups flour1 bag chocolate chips (semi-sweet or sweet)Mix BY HAND all ingredients, except flour and chips (mixing by hand makes them taste better, trust me).Then add flour and chips and stir BY HAND. Bake @ 350 for 9-11 minutes on ungreased cookie sheet. Enjoy the preciouses.Note: makes a buttload of cookies, so you might want to halve the recipe.
386. I normally get another brand of moringa powder, so I'm comparing it to that.And in comparison, the only difference is that this one is a slightly better price.Both are a fine powder, with a slightly vegetable type of scent and flavor.If you use a small amount, it can be mixed in just about anything. But the more you use the more pronounced the flavor is going to be, and it's definitely vegetable, not fruity or herbal.You can bake with it, put it in the smoothie, or put it in a salad dressing. It's a good way to bump up your super veggies.
387. I sure could have used this sound machine when my son was a baby.  The sound quality is clear and authentic.  The sounds are so soothing, gentle, and pleasant.  I don’t feel like the sounds are repetitive.  I am listening to the lullaby one while typing this review, and I am ready to nod off.  It is a compact sized at only 5 inches in diameter and 1.5 inches tall.  It is made of high grade plastic.  It is powered by an USB plug.  There is no option for batteries usage, though.  There are 8 sets of controls including the onoff switch, and they are located on the top of machine.  It is very easy to change the settings by using a light touch.A nifty feature is that the color of the machine changes with the touch of a button.  Very muted and relaxing.  There is an option for onoff light.  The timer can be set at 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes.  Everything gets shut off quietly when the time is up.  Although I pretty much have dozed off by then.  I would definitely recommend this sound machine.
388. They don't quite fit true to size, but they perform very well overall. I notice less fatigue after long runs, or after refereeing soccer games.  These are a good value for the money.
389. These are not the best reading glasses that I have had before and I have bought plenty of the cheap dollar store glasses. These do seem to be well made but they are pretty small for me and don't fit the face very well. I tried to bend them and give them a bit of shape but it doesn't seem to help them fit better or even feel comfortable. However, they do the job for reading at the computer and other things. Plus you get three pairs for the price, just in case you loose one pair you have two others. Overall, they are okay and will work for anyone in a pinch or just needing some cheap glasses that they don't mind something happening to.
390. A quiet hum so I know it's working. Not sure that it is really making a difference, but I like to think I breathe easier when this is plugged in.
391. I just received this Beeswax, Paul's Pail, and I must say it is fabulous. I have a very expensive genuine leather brief case that I purchased well over twenty-five years ago.  I washed my brief case off with a damp towel and then applied this wax in circular motions to my briefcase. I allowed it to dry according to the directions and polished it with a soft cloth. My briefcase looks new again. I then tried this on a new leather pencil case I just purchased and it even made the new case look fabulous. Great find. Thank you Paul's Pail.
392. Screwdrivers are what I was looking for. The nose cushions are EXCELLENT! Other stuff, I imagine, will be helpful on an as needed basis. Would purchase again.
393. I have tasted quite a few different wheatgrass drinks over the years. I even still have a wheatgrass juicer somewhere in my garage that I spent a few hundred dollars on. While wheatgrass may be very healthy for you, it honestly tastes horrible. You know that smell when the neighbor finishes mowing their lawn? That smell is exactly what whatgrass tastes like, minus the scent of gasoline.I have tried using or juicing wheatgrass at various points in my life, but those phases never seem to last long. Besides the horrible taste it causes me an upset stomach and leaves a very horrible taste in my mouth. I can't say as this product tastes any different than other powders or fresh juiced wheatgrass that I have had in the past. I was willing to give wheatgrass another try, but about 1 serving was all that I could take. I don't have anything against this particular brand. There's no way that I would order it again though. I've never noticed any positive benefits from the product personally though, so I can't honestly think of any reason to recommend it.
394. It is great for drying hands and certainly more hygenic.It is good for company to use also rather than guest towels. Just use themand dispose! Don't know what I did without it!
395. My little guy can sit up in the tub now while I bathe him.  This item is like a third hand from time to time.
396. I am not big on apple cider vinegar supplements, but my son likes them. These have a pretty strong vinegar scent when you open the bottle.Like many gummies, there is a lot of glucose to cover up the medicinal tastes, so be aware of that, especially if you are diabetic or pre-diabetic.The taste is pretty good once you chew on them. You don't really notice the vinegar much.As far as helpful, well, not sure there is any way to quantify that. My son says they help with his digestion. I do trust the Solger brand.
397. These smell great and are great quality! Worked very well, very pleased with this box set!
398. I HOPE YOU LIKE THE SENSATION OF ALTOIDS ON YOUR GOOCH I SURE DON'T
399. I've been using probiotics for years and have appreciated the benefits. This version didn't offer any significantly different benefits in terms of probiotic activity for me, but it does come with one big plus: they taste great!I normally use pills for probiotics since the chews I've tried were not all that appealing in terms of taste. These are much different -- they are round balls about the same size as a typical malted milk ball. It has a waxy coating so it does not melt in your hand. The dark chocolate taste is excellent. It does not have the same texture as actual chocolate (it's a bit more grainy), but it is very tasty.Probiotics are great to keep everything running smoothly in your gut, and this is the best tasting option I've come across. The only downside is that the cost per dose is higher than many of the capsule-based probiotics. Still, it's a great way to encourage probiotic usage since taking one can be considered a treat rather than a chore, and easily earns this 5-stars.
400. Vitamin E Oil is great for helping to prevent scars. I've used this oil on my face and on my arm. It seems to help cat scratches heal faster. It is thinner than a straight E oil from a capsule. It is more liquid because it has coconut oil and jojoba oil in it. It is easy to apply with the dropper that is included. This bottle will last you a long time! It is nice to know this is organic and healthy for your skin.~The Rebecca Review
401. It seems to work
402. I have heart issues-early, extra beats which to me, feel like the cold finger of death in my chest when they happen. They started becoming more regular and although the doctor said not to worry-pfft!, I did and still do. I began taking Coq10 3 months ago and was thinking today that I hadn't felt an early beat in some time now. I considered the stomach pain worth it, relatively. I received this bottle at a discount in exchange for my honest opinionreview and unlike the other brand I've been taking, this does NOT upset my stomach in any way, shape or form. I am thrilled! Coq10 does indeed help with 'brain fog', but, for me, the benefits to my heart are the be all & end all. If Coq10 upsets your tummy, do yourself a favor and try this brand!
403. Very poor communication with seller, waited for product in the mail never came, over several weeks.  Contacted seller and finally sent product.  Would not order from them again.  Pillows okay, they are stuffed will small light weight pellets, not the most comfortable after breast surgery.  I believe a softer material for fill in the pillows would be more comfortable.
404. I liked the flavor, I disliked that it is hard to mix without lumps. I just mixed with a spoon, a blender would probably do a better job, but to much trouble.
405. Amazing little machine. Really gets the job done! I highly recommend.
406. Small package fits easily in carry on.  A travel necessity
407. Very cute and heavy duty. Great buy!
408. Pro:Appears to be well madeWorks well to shave my headOther attachments are a good bonusCons:Cannot think of any !!
409. -The best part of this mop and bucket system is the mop handle. It is stainless steel! It is super sturdy, and-It it long enough (49") for me (5'10") to hold comfortably. If you need it shorter, remove one section (and it will be 38").-I can really push into the floor without worry of this pole breaking.-Each section screws on. It comes with two cleaning pads.-The bucket it- as pictures- tall and thin. Does not take up much space in terms of storage. I haven't knocked it over yet, but I am aware that it could due to its tall center. It is a nice change from peeling the pads off and rinsing them by hand.-Micro fiber pads are pretty standard. They work the same as any of my others. Just presses on or peels off. Easily interchangeable.-You can access the interior of the bucket (for in depth cleaning and drying of the bucket, if need be) by popping out the handle. Then the rest can pop out. The bucket is surprisingly sturdy as well. It isn't a cheap feeling system at all.-The swivel mop portion is magnetic, so it will store as one long pole. Also makes it easier to use the bucket as you wont have a mop head impeding quick insertionOverall I am impressed. I am most excited for the metal pole. I am not used to using a bucket, don't feel I need one..  but this is neat to have. Again, I have not knocked it over. It seems to be well balanced. It works as described! I have 2 big labs and lots of sandy soil that gets tracked in with them, so floor sweeping, vacuuming, and washing is a regular chore.
410. I like the convenience of gummies since my son can't swallow pills.  He likes the flavor.
411. Excellent coffee chocolate creamer! Collagen has been a definite skin enhancer and joint lubricator for me for years.Delightful. Much better than expected.
412. Best product out there containing all daily minerals. Great taste, the 2.0 peach is too yucky so I'm sticking with this flavor. Just BEWARE if you are on pain pills or management like Percocet, Oxycoctin, Methadone, etc, taking this daily as directed will clean you of all your meds and put you into withdrawal. Learned that the hard way. My pain DR informed me of this as well. Otherwise, highly recommended.
413. Daughter purchased...loves it
414. Not what I wanted... had great reviews so I ordered but the "pink" necklaces are purple. Definitely not pink at all. It will still work for my gender reveal but I do not recommend these if you're looking for PINK AND BLUE beads like it says in the description 🙄
415. These are a nice assortment of sanding twigs. I use for sanding metal clay before firing. The price is a little high given I found a much larger quntity on another site for less per twig. But, given I wanted these fast, it was worth it to buy them here with my free shipping.
416. I purchased this product about 2-3 weeks ago and have the same effect as Elyce Rose "Elyce Rose". It is horrible. For the past two weeks my face tingles and feels pressurized and feels like it is about to explode and i feel dizzy. This is a horrible product that clearly contains Niacin (B3). It does not even keep me alert or give me energy, that's the worst part. In fact the last few times i've taken the pills, i've fallen asleep within an hour after.  I am in good shape, exercise daily, and eat very balanced and healthy.  But stay away from this product, it seems like it does a lot more harm than good.
417. I’m a little meh on these.  I get a lot of relief from the support and warning aspect of regular KT.  This isn’t as sticky or stretchy and these no stiffness that leads to the support from regular KT tape.  The directions are also weird, it says not to apply more than 3 tapes at once (and I know too much lidocaine can cause arrythmia) but they guy pictured on the can is wearing 6 tapes?  Anyways, the lidocaine pain relief isn’t that noticeable for me, I used 2 strips then combined w 2 strips of Rock Tape for support for taping my knees.  It’s not bad and time will tell, but I don’t think I’m having as much pain relief and support as with the rock tape and it only comes in white.  Worth trying.  I may not have enough pain today to need this and may try again on a bad day.
418. I have very oily skin, and had to wash my cushion daily and change it monthly or it wouldn't seal. I thought I would try these to see if they would help. So far they are working well, there is a bit of air leakage and I have to have the straps tighter, but there is none of the annoying noise associated with the leakage. I also haven't had the skin irritation I sometimes get with the silicone cushions. They seem like a less expensive alternative to changing my expensive cushions. My only criticism is that they are not custom made to a particular mask, and that the opening must be hand cut. It would be nice if they would custom make them to fit the popular masks.
419. This supplement gave me a boost to focus better and a bit of mental clarity. Easy to swallow and so far no side effects. Good quality supplement.
420. Very good product. I used it once and it really helped.
421. This works as intended but it just cannot compare to the ones that have a bigger pouch for the feeding tube. Honestly this is just now the back up one. It washed ok but even in the small garment bag and on delicate it has started to fray.
422. I purchased this for my mother-in-law as she was looking for one for her dogs and she loved it. She is very satisfied with it.
423. Our bathroom toilet has had a persistent issue with mineral deposits (we have a well).  Nothing I had tried would touch the most stubborn of them - so "ring around the toilet" in spades....  Doing some nosing around online, I came across these pumice stones and decided to try them.To say they work is an understatement - one of them removed mineral stains that had been on the toilet for years, in a matter of a couple minutes work!  Why didn't I find these before now?  (The one place that is still a problem is under the front right edge of the toilet - I just can't seem to angle the pumice to get at the buildup in that one spot.  But otherwise, I'm a very satisfied customer!)
424. Small size for purse or back pack
425. Didn’t work, don’t waste your money.I should’ve read the other reviews 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
426. Got a new pair of dress boots I love, except that the heels don't have a good grip and I didn't feel comfortable walking on tile or slick hardwood. These took care of it.They are shaped for toes, but I needed it for the heel so I used scissors to cut to fit which was easy enough.  I thought that since the fit wasn't exact they might have a tendency to peel off, but I've worn the boots several times the these grips are still stuck tight.  I imagine they will eventually peel, but for the price I'm willing to replace once or twice a season if necessary.I was also worried that they might be too rough me to want to wear on our nicely finished floors, but they seem ok.Downside, they took a LONG time to be delivered, like over three weeks.  Buy before the season starts!
427. Great Glasses and Price !
428. Excellent! No twigs or anything like that. I also checked it and it turned my flashlight on so it's the real deal.
429. Best tile cleaner I've ever used. Night and day difference. I'll never buy the crap they sell at Home Depot again.
430. I've been taking magnesium citrate for years after totally not being able to go.. I've tried other brands and wanted something that wasn't a horse pill.. Though the pills are smaller, just one will make me nauseous.. I thought for a while I might be sick until I ruled it out to these pills.. second day of not taking them and I feel normal again.. just keep in mind these are potent and while they may work for you it didn't work for me.
431. Just as described!
432. My son is almost 9yrs old.  He had been wet EVERY single night since birth. He would often wet through pull-ups.  It was really starting to effect his self-esteem.  Sleep-overs and scout trips were difficult.  We had tried limiting fluids, waking him during night to use bathroom, we had even tried Prescription medication.  We had also tried another "alarm" called the Potty Pager.  It was difficult to use, uncomfortable, and ineffective.We started using this wireless alarm since comfort was a big deal for my son.  It worked in just a few weeks.  When he did wet, it was usually just a few drops and it woke him and he could finish in toilet.  Usually even the sheets were still dry - just put new underwear on and back to bed.  It made the whole process not disruptive at all!  I know it sounds cliche but I wish I had gotten this system a LONG time ago.As product stated, the first few nights my son slept through alarm.  His room is 2 doors down from mine.  I am a fairly light sleeper and it would awaken me, and I would go wake him up.  After just 2-3 times, the alarm would wake him up.
433. I love the style of these glasses. The lenses are larger than some so I have a larger reading area. These are lightweight and mostly comfortable but are a little tight on my head. They won’t slip off so that’s nice , maybe they will loosen up with breaking them in, I will update my review if they get a little looser upon use . I like that they come in blue and red so they go with several different outfits. The 2.25 reading level is perfect for me to use my phone. I like that they block the blue light because I do use my phone before bed. Although they are lightweight they are strong.
434. What’s not to like about lavender? Lasts long and smells amazing
435. Works wonderful for bridge work and or partials etc. Perfect for hard to reach places or narrow spaces. I am glad I purchased, taking care of my teeth has never been easier! Product arrived in a timely manner. Item in good new condition. Will purchase again! Thank you!
436. My husband was experiencing what his doctor thought and what I suspected was beginning stage dementia. One example: At a buffet restaurant he'd forget where we were sitting and go sit at another table by himself. I was desperate to find something to help him because he refused to see a specialist. Then I read about lion's mane's reputed help with memory loss, and I looked for a high-potency product on Amazon. I chose Relentless Improvement brand because it has no fillers and seems to have the greatest bang for the buck. After 2 12 months of continued use (2-3 capsules daily), I can't believe the change. He seems just like his old self again, and I'm no longer worried he'll pull out into on-coming traffic while driving. It's like a gift from heaven.
437. I did not believe all the hype but my DIL kept promoting this product to me so I finally decided to give it a try. It lives up to all the reviews. I have gotten out old set-in stains. The other day it beautifully removed a blood stain from a bed sheet that I had been unable to get out for months. Was ready to just buy a new bottom sheet. After one washing with the dreft stdin remiver, I put the sheet on the bed. The stain was near a corner pocket. I searched and searched for the stain but found nothing - not even the tell-tale shadow ring that blood usually leaves. It is an expensive product but I will not hesitate to buy more BC it works better than anything I have ever used.
438. Very true to Black cherry scent and VERY strong, so use very little!
439. This bottle contains 120 softgels and each softgel contains 2000 IU of vitamin D3 in extra-virgin olive oil. The softgels are small in size and so are pretty easy to swallow. If you choose to chew the softgel, it does not taste bad. The softgel capsule is made of bovine gelatin, glycerin, and water. They are self certified as non-GMO, and I appreciate any product that is non-GMO.
440. Pads that cover the D rings are VERY uncomfortable under the arms.  Other than that, it works as expected
441. My dad loved it ) I bought this for him
442. Surprisingly neutral tasting considering all the green ingredients, easy to drink flavor. It is designed to be added to a smoothie, not for use as a smoothie itself. But I wanted to get an idea of the overall taste, so I blended 1 TBS with 8 unsweetened almond milk and it really just disappeared- not much flavor, which I find to be a good thing. I really was expecting it to taste awful, lolIt has some erythritol- 4.5 grams per 1 TBS serving. I missed this when looking at the ingredients because it is not listed in the ingredients. Just in the nutrition panel. I could do without it, but it doesnt overpower at all. I find that when products use non sugar sweeteners they go way overboard with the sweetness. This doesnt impart much sweetness or much of any strong flavor.1 TBS has 110 calories, so be mindful of how much you use. Hence why it is best added TO a smoothie (or whatever else you want).I like all the food based ingredients and I "feel good" adding this to my assortment of supplements I add to my daily smoothie. Nice way to boost my nutrition since I have not been consuming as much fresh food as I should (lack of availability, super high prices).I'd get this again 4.5 stars  (5 stars, since I like it more than 4)
443. Long time getting here! Fits fine in brush handle.
444. Great noise reduction in bulk for a great price; highly recommend them if you are responsible for firing range activities
445. Barley grass has been well known as a superfood for at least 30 years, which is when I was first introduced to it and began taking it. Some of the well documented health benefits of barley grass include:--It is a source of high quality protein, vitamins and minerals.--It is filled with chlorophyll, which is a powerful antioxidant. As such, it is very helpful in controlling or preventing many diseases, due to enhancing immune function. Some of these diseases include: heart disease, cancer, diabetes, arthritis, osteoporosis, inflammation and diseases impacted by inflammation.Barley grass powder is similar to wheatgrass powder as to its health benefits, and both tend to be quite expensive. Buying this organic green superfood in bulk from this vendor is a cost-effective way of obtaining this wonderful supplement.
446. I have the exact same Jigsaw Health Pickleball electrolyte powder but in a plastic can and use it a lot.  So, when I saw these individual packets available for review I instantly selected them.  I really like this electrolyte mix.  I play a lot of competitive tennis - singles and double - underneath the hot sun in the Deep Humid South.  I sweat like a sailor and need instant electrolyte replacement.  I have tried and reviewed a LOT of electrolytes - some I like a lot like this one and others that I save for when it's cold outside and I don't sweat much.  This Pickleball electrolyte is my first choice because it contains more potassium, sodium and magnesium than any of the others that I have.  These packets make it easy to take some along in my tennis bag and mix up a bottle when I feel I need it.  This electrolyte mix is some of the best I've ever had the opportunity to try and review and I can't find anything negative to say about it.  It mixes easily in water and has a nice orange flavor.
447. This probiotic was just okay, nothing extraordinary, I also felt like it helped excess bloating . I took it as directed.
448. Oh how this has helped me! I was running and even walking longer distances and getting serious blisters on the bottom of my feet. Before I resorted to duct tape I wanted to try anything else and I read about this. So far it has helped and I haven’t had blisters yet. Fingers crossed it continues to help so I don’t keep getting blisters on the bottom of my feet!!
449. My husband loves camay and I found this is a great way to purchase it.  The soap came wrapped well and in great time.  I would buy again!
450. Perfect dryer.  Exactly what I wanted
451. I am from the olden days, my family always having Campho-Phenique on hand for every kind of injury. It is still prepared as it has been for decades, the formula not changing, which makes it all the more successful. To me, it brings comfort, having this product on the shelf, always ready to handle those sores, pain and little 'hurts.&#34;
452. I got small, and I wear a size 4 women's and size 3 child.  It was a wee big, so I haven't gained much from wearing it.
453. Nice appearance and great packaging. There is no smell and virtually no taste, so there’s no need to mask the taste or put it into your food or drink. I like this product and will purchase it again.
454. These are definitely the cutest little boxes to stuff favors in.  Very very nice and elegant.
455. I found that the Ulla sometimes did not blink regularly, but the worst thing is that it falls off if you rub or bump it against anything.  Consequently, I lost it in a movie theatre.  They need to make the clip tighter so it doesn't come off the band as easily.
456. these work in a pinch, but honestly, not nearly enough of the water beads to keep them cool long enough! no idea about heat wise, i leave them in freezer for migraines. they do help a little, but my cheap $3 one i bought from target last year works so much better....
457. feels very nice.  I did get it a little to large for my hand.  I did think this has two in it, but it was only for one hand. still over all very happy with it.
458. I got this machine promptly and everything they said was there is there. The power source works, the machines are good. There is one bad thing, i'm not sure what the problem is but the needles hook will hardly fit onto the machine part, you have to force it but it still works just as well. just like everyone else says the ink is only for practicing and the practice skin sucks, use a honeydew melon to practice on, and if you are going to do it on real skin at any point, buy skin candy outlining ink.
459. These are the s#*t. I have used several butt wipes over the years, these are the best. They don't have any perfume crap scent. They are thick enough so you don't accidentally give yourself a digital. Strong enough for a heafty man butt.
460. This gets the job done!  I barely have to file my nails after.
461. I know this is a cream but I really didn’t expect it to be so thick. Normally hyaluronic acid that I am used to is a light weight gel type cream. I might repurchase depending if I absolutely need it because it’s not something I would care to have. I use another hyaluronic acid cream right now. This is quite thick and the way that dermatologists recommend you apply a hyaluronic acid is on wet skin after cleanser, essence or toner whichever way your skincare routine goes. However, I felt as if I couldn’t apply anything more after this. I have a minimal skincare routine due to having sensitive skin and using Retin-A. This also has fragrance, it is a great value however. So for now my skincare in the morning goes:  cleanse,  hyaluronic acid and moisturizer. Typically I would have wanted to apply a vitamin C but cant on top of hyaluronic acid as it doesn’t sink in all the way.
462. A gotta have , don’t wait for plumbing emergencies. Simple little gizmo that works !
463. So good, love blending it in my morning coffee with butter and MCT (C8).  Not overly sweet like some others I've tried. Perfect vanilla flavor, not artificial or candy like at all. Better than a Starbucks vanilla latte! I also add and egg yolk.
464. They're great!Recommend
465. Good product seeing how it is Advanced rather than Complete. Felt like bait and switch but not worth the hassle of returning!
466. great stocking stuffer!  I bought a bunch of these to give away to my friends at Christmas along with a set of nail stickers.  it's etched glass, so the effectiveness will last a very long time.  this is a good quality nail file.  I have one at home and one for my travel bag.  at this price you could get one for everyone on you gift list, and extra for your purse and car and office!
467. Just started using it, but I can say last night was the first night my feet didn't hurtburn all night! :-) excited to see what it brings in the near future!
468. Worked very well on my dog’s paws! It’s pretty quiet and can’t hurt your pet!
469. The consistency is a decent mix of moist and thickchewy, close enough to a real brownie. The taste is unique. It has a fairly distinct sweetness that stands out, and will be a deal killer for some. With low sugar and about double the protein as compared to fats, the macro nutritional count is good. If you are used to sacrificing taste for nutritional value you’ll probably be used to these trade offs; if you are looking for an actual brownie you’ll be disappointed. Personally I’d rate the Eat Me Guilt Free Nutty Monkey brownies as better, if you are looking for a snack that doesn’t disrupt your macros.
470. Typical plastic pill boxes.  I put the one capsule rx I take in this.  First I just dumped a bunch in loose and counted.  Every time I tried I fit 20 or less.  I also fit 20 perfectly when I organized them neatly.  Then I realize my probiotic capsule was just a touch larger so I tried those.  I could only fit 16 of those.  Either way, these are a nice size for storing things like OTC pills or prescriptions in your bag without having to take full bottle and without having to rely on the more expensive individual travel packs.
471. The cords are very nice but the tool they give you to help install them was not easy to use.
472. I do a lot of computer entry, not sure if that is causing the issue.  I've been to physical therapy numerous times over the years.  So I know which stretching exercises to do.  There are times though, the nerves act up.  Stress is one of them.  Before I put the adhesive on, I try and locate the Kailo around the area I think it might help, which for my shoulder, is partially on my back and then I bring it up a bit on top of the shoulder.  When the area of the skin starts to feel like its getting warmer than the other area of my skin, I know something is happening.  I try to leave it alone for a couple of hours.  Today, I tried it on my leg, since my ankle has been also having some pain.  When I placed it along the side of my leg, again, I felt a bit of warmth happening in the area.  Subtle.  That pain has gone away.  I did leave it on for several hours.I do see a chiropractor, actually have been going to them for 30 years, when required.  If you've been in any type of accident, things start showing up.One note, this is a trial and error, to find the spot.  A couple of times this didn't reduce the pain.  If its too intense, I know I need to call the Chiropractor and take a pain pill or muscle relaxer till I get their.
473. A little disappointed. I have another air purifier by the manufacturer and it works great so I thought this would be perfect for the laundrylitter box room. It was great for size and didn’t scare the kittens. But it didn’t do much for the odor.
474. Bought this to make homemade fog fluid for my fog machine.  Mixed it with distilled water and couldn't tell the difference between the homemade solution and the store bought brand.  Also works well with potassium permanganate as a quick fire starter for all of you science enthusiasts.
475. I'm giving this 4 stars because it smells just what you would expect, fresh baked. Brownies!!! I buy from another vender who is cheaper, 16 oz $20.00 that's whyI didn't give it the fifth star
476. The product is just as described. Fresh, raw and organic. Great! It's convenient that the container has a zip closure that actually works well and provides a moisture-proof seal. I read that sesame seeds are beneficial for osteoarthritis in the knees. I'm trying to include 2 Tday in my diet. This product works well for me.
477. These gloves have been the best to use, comfortable my hands dont sweat. I used one pair to stain my stairs. I used one pair when washing my pots and pans with pure hot water.. no heat on my hands. One pair when cleaning the bathroom. They are great multi use gloves. Its also great to wear when spray painting . I usually end up with paint all over my fingers and its hard to remove so smart to wear these.
478. I am a repeat buyer of this great product...!
479. I read the reviews and decided to give this laundry detergent a try. It’s everything! It DOES make your sheets and towel smell light a luxury hotel!! It way too expensive to use for all my laundry (although it would be divine if I could use it for all my lingerie but that would become yet another expensive habit!! 😂)After a week in the linen closet, I can still detect that light luxurious scent. It is NOT overwhelming— it’s that “I have money —can’t you detect it by how good my linens smell” scent, not perfumey just delightful and makes you want to sniff more! So glad to have stumbled up this! I love it!
480. I actually like the product, just that I spent a fortune for a pound (16 oz) and got shorted a 14 pound (I weighed on a food scale).  Don't say you are shipping a pound and short me.  That included the packaging by the way.  I should have gotten a pound of charcoal independent of the packaging.  I really got 11 ounces (the packaging weighed an ounce or so)
481. I really like this. great concept.
482. However they get a little slippery when they get wet, and you have to hold them in place. Other than that, they do their job.
483. functions well.
484. I love how this is a wearable breast pump. My daughter in law can discreetly extract breadt milk wherever she is at. Its comfortable to use and doesn't pinch or hurt. It's easy to use and is an affordable way of making sure that my grandchildren get the breast milk they need. Great value.
485. Just started using this stuff and love it already.  Besides feeling good, it definitely soothes the aches and pains that I have with my feet and ankles. Also my husband is diabetic and has feet that crack and split - this worked wonders for him. Will definitely keep buying it.
486. This massager brush cleans scalp effectively and makes your head feel great when you use it. The bristles are very soft and easy to clean. You can use it on any hair length or texture. You'll feel like you're getting a special scalp treatment at home. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
487. Worked as expected.
488. Battery life is very short and there is not enough torque to really get in there and clean. It went in the garbage after the Battery died and would not charge (2 weeks).
489. Love this stuff!  Gets any baby stain out as long as you spray and let it soak in.  I mean anything...poo, spit up, food etc.
490. Excellent value for money, stretches well, very comfortable to use during day or night.
491. This wrapping paper is great quality and super cute!
492. It is hard to do a review without doing a chemical analysis test. I trust what it says on the label and the price was decent.
493. I had to stop taking it - had reaction like I do when FILLERS are used.
494. I use this product for diabetis problems and it works very well as expected. The delivery was pretty quick as well. Will definitely order from this seller again.
495. They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too small for me to even get them on.
496. Trying to find an eyeglass holder for a man was unattainable until now.  Everywhere we looked, all the eyeglass holder were for women, dainty, beads, etc.  These are leather and high quality.  They were easy to attach to the glasses and were adjustable to the width of the frame.  Great product and you can't beat the price for three of these in one package.
497. Easy to take and a very non-offensive taste. The product is in a glass amber bottle and has a rubber squeezy. I take daily for hair growth and internal ligament protection.
498. These compression socks are comfortable.  I have worn 3 so far in 3 days.  Because of their comfortable softness and easily stretched, I am hoping they will last a satisfactory length of time.
499.  I’m learning At home beauty regimens to a health skin have beautiful skins and great scalp. I’m so happy I got this. You can use the comb part to help with circulation to the scalp I cannot wait to use it often.This devicehelps reduce blemishesassists in removing dark spotsreduces blackheads and large poresperfect for any skin complexionboosts cell metabolism byamplifying ATP production that helpsin slowing down skin aging
500. I searched for the best fish oil that was easy enough to use. I actually put it into my morning smoothly.  As I really dont see any difference. I am hoping behind the scenes its working.
501. good product
502. This Sandalwood Essential Oil smells great. I put a little bit of this in my diffuser and my house smells great. It didn't take much for this to spread through my whole house.The pack comes with 3.38 fluid ounces of sandalwood essential oil. It also comes with a dropper.  There are ways to use the essential oil on the side of the bottle.I will be recommending this Sandalwood Essential Oil to family and friends.
503. Priced Right
504. Keeps the weight for a few seconds after you step off. Love it.
505. Got this today and the instructions state to pour the powder into your mouth, but, gosh, it’s absolutely awful.  Due to it being fish collagen, the fish taste is definitely there and the so-called green apple flavor isn’t.  I could barely finish the packet. I will try to add this to some orange juice, to cut the flavor.I will update this review if I notice any difference.
506. Great overall, but I would prefer if they have the braided chain to prevent leaks.
507. My skin is sentive skin . After use this facial brush I feel It's very harsh for my skin.
508. Love ‘em! Go Bears! Got son a set too!
509. I love the taste of these.
510. This novelty eyeglass stand was heavier and more sturdy than I thought it would be.  It was adorable and was perfect for a family member who is a huge Westie fan.  I was quite pleased with the purchase and would recommend to others.
511. I can stand on this scale in 10 different places around my house and get 10 completely different weights.  I have no clue how much I weigh with this scale.  Cheap and not worth it.  Spend a little more money and get something that works.
512. I love this works great
513. Larger than expected but it will be used.
514. The comb attachments to my hair dryer broke, I ordered these and they fit perfectly
515. A very good brand we're buying more and more under this brand
516. Definitely made cheaper than what came with the glasses, but they will definitely do the job. Color (light blue) was true to the photo.
517. great product and smells good too
518. I love how this feels on my face. It's really relaxing and it has Bluetooth. I connected it to my phone and relaxed and listened to my music. I has 4 massage modes, hot compress, and kneading massage. I didn't have any problem with the comfort, it felt good. It's also cheaper than the other ones I've seen.
519. these are nice and sturdy bags, with tie handles, which is important to me.i put them in our bedrooms, offices and bathrooms.  I also have on in our garage for our kitty litter scooping bag.they are strong.  after a week of scooping kitty litter 2 times a day, i just yanked that bag out of the can on trash day without even thinking about it and it didn't stretch or tear.  i was using another eco friendly bag for the kitty stuff and a few times it did tear.  these have no scent and fit perfectly in those smaller trash cans like bathroom, offices etc.  its a good and sturdy bag that works.
520. These masks are great.  Comfortable and thick. We like this brand and the shipping was very fast.
521. Love the price. I use this in every diaper change for my baby to prevent diaper rash. He’s been having an intolerance to certain things in my diet, and while I’m trying to figure out what the intolerance is to, one of the symptoms for him is consistent diaper rash. I almost gave up on breastfeeding because of all the complications and the diaper rash just drew the line for me. A friend mentioned to use petroleum jelly. If it wasn’t for this, I would’ve been going crazy and so would my baby.
522. This is the best foot file I have ever used! Highly recommend.
523. I really enjoy the wand.  It seems to give relief for awhile plus it has other attachments.
524. What can I say - it does the job
525. They are a great fit for the lager Shark head attachment which are also harder to find.
526. Have bought the brush picks before and used them for many years.  The holder is great to use when traveling.
527. Fresh, light, and almost nutty tasting.  Did not activate my gag reflex-- and mine is sensitive to over-activating.  I'm using this for morning swishing as a daily oral hygiene habit instead of oil pulling with coconut or sesame, which texture-wise never worked well for me.  It helps to have a tongue scraper if going with this method.
528. I have dry mouth. I had tried the more commonly found one but it tasted downright nasty! Found this Natural Dentist Brand for dry mouth which has all natural ingredients, no preservatives or artificial coloring in it. They used to have a Cool Mint flavor but apparently discontinued it because I can't find it online or anywhere anymore. So tried this. It still works great and is the natural product but the taste is not as refreshing as the Cool Mint.
529. SOLID Preworkout.... Taken many many pre's during my time... hands down one of the BEST.... Must try!
530. Made very, very well. great service
531. Rim is not padded.  Should have bought higher quality.
532. Changed my life in a very positive way.
533. These saved my gallbladder- I took them until all symptoms cleared, had my gallbladder checked and I was stone free. THEN I had another baby and for some reason my gallbladder likes to make stones during this time. Didn’t have issues right after the birth but began having issues again and started up on these and had helped tremendously! Nothing else has worked like this for me! My naturopathic doctor got me turned on to these and I’m very grateful!
534. Great quality, fair price. I purchased this brand and style over others brands and even amongst the other offerings within Carlson based on price and nutrient content per serving. This one rated best for me.  I began taking about a tablespoon each evening at dinner to help with high cholesterol numbers. Within a few months the next reading was perfect. My health team was impressed and high-fived me. I'll have another reading done in May.Good taste, no fishy burps, and I feel good taking it. I will buy from this company again.
535. I really liked these when I first used them (especially being able to see so well through the little holes), but I began to wonder if I was going to tan wierd around my eyes.  They seem to use up a little more space than regular tanning bed glasses.  I also found that they tear really easy, which is not a huge deal since so many come on a roll.  I didn't continue to use them so I never got a certain answer on the raccoon (opposite) eye thing, but if the glasses really bother you, I would certainly recommend these.
536. Fantastic Product! This pill case is really good for people who need vitamins or medications 7 days a week. The bags are large enough to accommodate my medications and multiple vitamins. Labels on the compartment are large and easy to read. Great for travel too! A must for travelers.
537. used in coconut carrier oil for psoriasis, didn't seem to help, but great for other things I'm sure
538. Took some use getting use to the routine of taking every night, but now that I have it down I will always take it. Definitely regulated my system!
539. This Jinri hair dryer is among one of the best I have ever owned. Strong and powerful, my hair dries super quick. It has varying speeds and heat levels which allows me to dry and style my hair at the same time. It also fits well in my hand, is relatively light weight, and I can maneuver from the front to back of my head easily. I love this red color as well and it matches my decor perfectly. Highly recommend if you are in the market for a new, quality hair dryer at a reasonable price.
540. How much do I like this?  I have two big, oily, elderly Labradors and they sleep in my room.  Although I am immune to the doggie smell, others are not and had commented on it.  I run this in my room all day, turn off at night.  It rendered my room doggie-smell free.I'm buying another for the kitchen.  If it works as well there I'll try in the camper, too.
541. I could still hear loud snoring and even though I squished the ear plugs to fit my ears since I have smaller ears, it didn't feel comfortable and the sounds came through too strongly, no matter what the volume.  :-0(
542. PerseveranX Shoe InsertsThe shoe inserts arrived in a plain pink box and included no instructions. Not that instructions are specifically needed, but I found it kind of odd there was nothing but the box and the pads. There are enough for two pairs of shoes. Upon seeing the thickness, I was afraid they would make my shoes too tight. I was pleasantly surprised when I put on my shoes and they felt comfortable; a little tighter, but still comfortable. The information provided on the product page does warn that the inserts will take up some space in your shoes and recommends buying up a shoe size. This isn’t going to help if you already have the shoes.The inserts do exactly what they claim to do in that they relieve some of the discomfort to my feet when I wear high heels. I didn’t notice that my feet were any hotter or sweatier than they would have been without the inserts (it was a very warm day). My only complaint is that with open-sided shoes, the blue foam shows. I’m not sure how long the cushioning effect will last until the pads have to be replaced, but so far, so good.
543. This is prescription strength fish oil. My husband and i take it for bad cholesterol. Awsome product. ..
544. Exactly what I needed and worked great.
545. Comfortable to wear.  It helps my posture in a comfortable way.
546. This portable sound machine has a variety of sound options. You can set the noise level and also choose how long for the effect to play. You can set it for a half hour, an hour, etc. I do find it relaxing as background noise when I am reading in bed or just wanting to destress while doing household chores.
547. I'm really surprised at the affordable price of these considering how wonderful they are!! They get out even the toughest stains, don't cause any skin irritation (I have sensitive skin), and smell really good!I have a large capacity washing machine and at most I only need to use two of these per cycle. I love how bright the colors and whites come out. I got this small bag to test them out, but I'll definitely be purchasing a larger quantity when I run out.
548. Works exactly as designed!
549. I don't use this consistently but haven't noticed much results yet.
550. Will make the cutest Halloween items! I’mLooking forwards to using them!
551. My usually very happy 1 year old had a fever and HATED our old thermometer (used in the armpit).The pediatrician told me that at this age, she should use the ear thermometer for the best accuracy, so we got this one. It's SO easy to use, I wonder why we ever used anything else! The doctor said to pull on her outer ear a bit and point toward her cheekbone (angled towards the front, and slightly up).  Not only was the reading accurate, but it was so fast that I didn't have to worry about my daughter getting squirmy at all.Bonus is that my Trekkie husband calls it a phaser, and he and my daughter have a lot of fun using it.
552. My husband's therapist requested this to work on his balance because he has Parkinson's . Works as intended.
553. Yes! I'm so happy that this product is finally available!! Great taste, great company, awesome stuff. It has a cool green color, but it mixes well into my normal morning smoothies, so I'm super happy with it. Thanks!
554. Garbage. My kid felt hot to the touch, this thermometer used on his forehead showed 97.7 degrees. Ear showed 98.2. Didn't seem correct so took temp rectally, and it was 102.
555. Awesome product
556. Wife crushed her L1 vertebrae and uses this to bring relief. Works fine.
557. Did the job. Definitely remember - dry fingers only when pulling out the soap sheets. For a pair of washable black trousers, I had to use two sheets, but they came clean in the hotel sink!
558. I am just getting over the worst hemorrhoids of my life! I have had them a few times in the past, but nothing like this time. The itching & burning was excruciating! This has been quite helpful! This fits on the toilet without any problems. It's deep enough that you can add enough water to actually sit in. It collapses flat for storing. This is just the seat and does not come with any hose or spray attachment. I found that I didn't need that and this was more than sufficient.
559. I loathe when using a disposable hand-towelwashcloth and it falls apart in your hands - yuck! This will never happen with this product. This is very substantial and not like the flimsy ornamental hand-towelwashcloths you find in many guest bathrooms - all show and no substance. These cloths feel rich and substantial and completely absorb the water after washing your hands.
560. Thank you for quick delivery nice producthopefully will last long
561. Daughter lives the entire package. Great for a new surfer!! Glides in easily and smells like a great day at the beach.
562. I have take a different brand for year and though I would try a different brand. This brand to me has an odd taste. I will not buy again
563. this fits really well. the quality is pretty good
564. I've been experiencing a lot of neck pain lately and was excited to try this TENS machine to see if it would help.  I am happy to report that it feels great and my neck feels better during treatment and for a few hours after treatment.  I use this machine most frequently at night, a couple of hours before bed.  It feels great on my muscles and provides pain relief.  I'm trying to avoid using medicinal pain relievers.  My doctor said that I have a bit of arthritis in my neck and that poor posture is exacerbating the pain.  I've been trying to be more aware of my posture and while that helps, this TENS machine provides extra relief on bad pain days.I found this machine easy to set up and begin using.  The manual made little sense to me though and I had to figure out how to set it up on my own.  I used a TENS machine many years ago, so I had a base of past knowledge to understand the set up, but it's not enough for people new to these machines.  As of the time of writing this review, the manufacturer has added a video showing how to set up the device.  I wish the video contained verbal or captioned instructions.  It's just music now, so if the manufacturer is reading these reviews, please add caption to the video!
565. Fast shipping good flavor especially with almond milk
566. I bought these for our church...I like them a lot but they should come with more than one key.
567. I tried out more expensive products and this one works just as well. The only thing that is kind of annoying is that it changes directions of the movement every 60 seconds without you telling it to. Heat works great. Overall really great product.
568. This is awesome! Great value. Why pay more? I do wish it could run on batteries. However I love that it has a car adapter. I wish the house cord was slightly longer.
569. I like the fact this product came very fast.Also seems to be a good product.No problems at all.
570. It always irked me that I squeeze as much toothpaste out as possible but there's so much left that goes to waste. These little things are great for getting almost all of it out. Not just for toothpaste, I also use them on other squeezable tubes. Easy to use just slip it on the post & begin to roll. I must reorder because I need more of them.
571. Bought this after seeing the mattress on a youtube commercial.Was sitting on a rock hard office chair, so instead of spending a fortune on a whole new chair, I bought this!Man, is it comfy! My poor butt and tailbone are thanking my brain for the purchase of this seat cushion ^_^Now i REALLY wanna buy the mattress, especially after my friend bought one and i test it out. Soooo comfortable!
572. Unfortunately, I was not thorough enough in my research and discovered after purchasing it that it causes you not to be able to absorb thiamine as efficiently.  I already take a thiamine supplement, so I discontinued using this.
573. This GERMGUARDIAN GG1000 PLUGGABLE UV-C SANITIZER AND DEODORIZER seems to be a “designer” model of the  that I’ve used successfully for a couple of years.  The pluggable Guardian air purifiers do remove most of the kitchen cooking odors (tiny grease globules in particular) that escape the “air guard” feature on my oven.This “shapely” air purifier runs more quietly than my rectangular version, though motor noise may be determined by the motor in individual devices.  (The motor was louder in my second rectangular device than it was in the first.)  The fans run constantly in these air purifiers, but they don’t seem to require a lot of electricity.The air purifier will operate in the up, down, or sideways position, so you don’t need to be concerned about the orientation of your household electrical outlets.  The purifier plug does NOT have a third prong for grounding, though it has wide and narrow prongs like most modern safety plugs.  The purifier covers only one outlet in a two-plug wall outlet, so the second outlet remains available for general use.My first pluggable GermGuardian lasted well beyond the one-year warranty period.  These little air purifiers don’t seem to require maintenance beyond replacing the UV bulb when it burns out (the blue light on the purifier will go out).  The bulbs are easy to replace, but you should NEVER look directly at a plugged-in UV bulb (with the purifier cover open), because this can permanently damage your eyes.
574. I love this thing.,  It is easy to peddle and  you can set it up anywhere in the house.  You can watch tv or read a book while you peddle.  It is quiet and does not squeak.  It is not real heavy so you can quickly and easily move it to clean around it.  I put it on a rubber back rug so that it would not move on the hardwood floor while I peddled and I would suggest the same.  It will move away from you while you peddle, if it is on hardwood,
575. This is a great flat iron! It has some weight so it feels great pulling hair through it. It heats up quickly and the end  has rubber to protect your fingertips! Leaves hair nice and silky!! So glad I hought this!!
576. OK, so I am super depressed at the moment and it is difficult to get myself on the mat and nearly impossible to get myself to clean it. That being said, once I finally mustered up the energy to clean my mat after probably 3 months I was so pleasantly surprised at the smell! It's a beautiful lavender scent and it lifted my spirits immediately AND it cleans very well - so much dirt came off. This is definitely worth the price, thanks!
577. To be honest, I have never seen such a large bottle of sandalwood oil before. Most of the time I've had to make due with a diluted product because santalum album is dreadfully expensive most of the time.This sandalwood oil has a nice warmth to it and you can diffuse it alone or with some vanilla essential oil for a very relaxing fragrance.This arrives in a nice box with a solid lid on it so it doesn't spill and it also has a dropper which I immediately installed for ease of use.I feel lucky to have found this as I use sandalwood quite a bit in my diffuser to help me relax in the evenings.~The Rebecca Review
578. THE BRISTLES ARE SO SOFT!!! Great for a gentle exfoliation!
579. Such a soft and silky pillow case.  It is satin and will not slip off with the hidden zipper. I used it to take a nap and I slept like a baby.  My long hair was not all messed up either.So luxurious and a premium quality pillow case.I would also like to say that whenever I provide any reviews I always take my time and make sure I understand and have used the product in order to give an educated review. As an Amazon customer, I know how annoying and difficult it is when reviewers can’t be trusted. It's important to note here that I received this product at discounted price for my honest and unbiased review. Still I try my best to provide all the useful details in the review rather than misrepresenting a product’s quality in order to please a seller and I know good sellers always look for true feedback. At last, if my review ishelpful for you please press the vote button to provide your feedback. Thank You!!
580. I've bought a lot of supplements and usually, you can't tell if its working or doing you any good.  This is not one of those supplements!!! It helps you completely empty your bowels.  I was amazed as I've struggled with IBS for 20 years and this was the one supplement that really helped me....sadly its been out of stock for a long time 😢 and I broke down and ordered the same supplement from a different company and it was a total waste of money.  It just can't compare to this brand....please bring it back soon 🙏
581. Some replacements just aren't quite OEM. These are as close to the OEM fit as I've found.As advertised, quite satisfied.
582. Well you don't even have to have arthritis to appreciate how easy this can opener is to use.  My 87 year old mum could not use the old can opener but has no problem using this one.  Extra blades are a nice addition too.
583. Very roomy backpack for my husbands scooter
584. These are not polarized and very flimsy.
585. Works great as instructed.  Heating &#60;2 minutes and lasts 20-30 minutes.  Very gentle gradual heat release.  Size is just right for all body locations.  Great for period cramps back pain and other. Great packaging and fast shipping.  Recommend.  Thanks!
586.  This is the 31st BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy errs on the lower side by a few points but is still within an acceptable range. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese.- Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is ERRs on the side of the low range compared to my gold standard monitors but is still acceptable.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- The date and time settings are NOT remembered after the power is removed but the BP numbers are remembered  -- I tested after one minute of battery removal.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.- It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.NEGATIVES- The accuracy is off by several points on the low side compared to my 5-star monitors.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed. The big negative is that the accuracy is not as precise as my god standard monitors but is still within range, and the cuff is thin.Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. There's an irregular heartbeat indicator.  The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about the other monitors I have tried. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors and one I purchased a few months ago on Amazon. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. Unfortunately, it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. I love the arm cuffs on this monitor because one size fits most.   – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated only. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  –  Super basic. Only stores 15 numbers in memory for one user without any date and time. There’s no case and it is battery operated only.  – This is good if storage for 4 family members is needed. It comes with a carrying case and it is battery operated only.  – The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. Only a standard cuff is supplied & the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro-USB (cable not supplied).  - The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. There’s also an alarm feature. A larger-sized standard cuff is supplied but the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro USB (neither is supplied). (3.5 stars) - This is a decent monitor with a large cuff so larger individuals can use it. It is only battery operated via 4 AAA batteries and only has one user mode with 99 memory points. The biggest negative is the European date and time. (3.5 stars) -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - The monitor is for 2 users w90 readings each. It has a large cuff and two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable). The drawbacks are that I could not get the monitor to pair with the app with Bluetooth on and the angle of the display makes it difficult to read unless it is tilted back. Also, the time is only displayed as a 24-hour clock.  - The monitor is for 2 users w250 readings each. It has a large cuff with a cord that is just a tad shorter than other monitors I tried. There is one power source included (4 AAA batteries). There is also a connection for AC cord but that must be purchased separately. The LCD Display is large and easy to read.  – This monitor has two user modes w99 readings per user. The cuff is large, so most people will be able to use this. Two AAA batteries are the only power option. There is a speech option which is set by default. Time setting is military time only.  – This monitor has four user modes w240 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AA batteries or AC adapter – both supplied. It has a seven-day AMPM average feature in addition to the regular average feature. Smart app does not work and keeps crashing.  – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (not included) or AC adapter (included). It has a regular BP average feature. The display is large for easy reading.  – This monitor has two user modes with 60 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by the two included AAA batteries. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. Unfortunately, the BP is actually 20 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure) mostly due to the unitcuff design that does not allow for a secure fit.  The respiration number is accurate, however.   – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). The cuff inflation is so strong that this is the most uncomfortable monitor I ever tried. It caused my arm to go numb and left a mark and pain for hours.  - This monitor has two user modes with 99 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by two AAA batteries, NOT INCLUDED. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. There’s also a voice assist option. Unfortunately, the BP is around 10 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure). The closer the user holds the arm to heart level, the less the inaccuracy but it is still not as good as the gold standard.  The respiration number is accurate, however.  – This monitor has two user modes with 120 readings per user. This monitor is very basic as it does not have an average or irregular heartbeat feature. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). There’s voice guidance. - This monitor did not work at all and kept displaying ERR4 indicating there is a cuff problem. As an FYI only, this has two user modes with 99 readings per user. After three readings it provides an average. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is both in 12 and 24-hour clock. (1 star) - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. Operation is via 4 AAA batteries but the ones included were DEAD. The other power option is via a 6V adapter that is not included. The manual is comprehensive and clear. The cuff is large enough for most individuals. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. The readings are extremely accurate. Time is in military time only. This is a great basic monitor and would have received 5 stars if it were not for the DEAD batteries.  - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There is one power option supplied (two available but a USB cable was not included) and that is via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable or via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do. It is also very basic and does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable (included) or via four AA batteries (not included). The LCD Display is large but sometimes not easy to read due to the haze of other numbers. Time settings are available in 12 or 24-hour clock. The numbers are AVERAGED after two reads. BP takes a long time to register, so this is not a fast reader. Voice option is available.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via a Type C USB cable (included) or via four AAA batteries (included). The LCD Display is large and easy to read and color coded in orange, green, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT.  Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The numbers are averaged after three BP and it has an irregular heartbeat indicator. (4.5 stars) – This wrist monitor is cheap junk. It holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. It has a large display and takes two AAA batteries NOT included. There is an average feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The manual is incomplete. Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors and this monitor would have received 4 stars had it not been for the cheap faceplate which falls off repeatedly because it is only taped on. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off. There are NO date or time settings.  – This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and color coded in orangeyellow, green, and red based on the hypertension level. It takes four AA batteries NOT included or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after three readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 8 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. (3.5 stars) – This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and the hypertension level is highlighted in black along the bar. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED. There is an average feature after three readings. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off.  Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an alarm feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors.  – This monitor holds a total of 1,000 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED and has the ability for a USB type C power connection (cable NOT provided). Accuracy is within a few points of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The biggest negative about this unit is that there is NO AVERAGE feature.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AA batteries (INCLUDED) or a micro-USB cable (NOT included). There is an average feature after two readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 10 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. The cuff size is large but thin and will fit most people.   - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options but NONE are included. It takes four AA batteries or a micro-USB cable. There is an average feature after three readings. There are date or time settings in both 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. The box indicates it has an irregular heartbeat indicator but the manual doesn’t mention it.   (3.5 stars)    -This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCDDisplay is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED or a USB type C power connection (cable INCLUDED). Accuracy is a few points off from my gold star monitors tending toward the low side. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The unit has an AVERAGE feature but the recall is not marked as such, which is a negative. It has a speech option with a heavy Chinese accent.  - THIS ONE
587. It has been do difficult to get the insides of the carafe clean when all that I can reach inside with is a bottle brush. I followed the instructions and was able to remove most of the stains except where the bottle brush can't reach on the upper inside edge.
588. Stays on my lips rather than soaking in. The rose scent is overpowering and tastes like what I imagine potpourri would taste like.
589. Doesn’t do a great job brushing your teeth. I’ve used an electric toothbrush for years. Your teeth don’t feel really clean after using this. The WaterPik attachment  isn’t  great doesn’t seem to have enough pressure. Wish I would’ve just spent more money and bought the WaterPik toothbrush combination.
590. Love the phiten single braid necklace. Suites me much better than the tornadoes. Infeelma difference in my healing and sleeping
591. I have used all sorts of Duracell brand batteries for years and never had a problem with any of them. They have always lasted a long time in whatever device I needed them for and they also have a long shelf life. I've had them in the package for years before using and they were still very good. These are so much better than any Chinese or knock-off battery I've tried to use.
592. ....Why I didn't purchase one of these till now is beyond me. Seriously. This is definitely a purchase I'm proud of and anyone blowing up a bunch of balloons the old fashion way needs to just take the leap and get one. i still haven't figured out how to use the balloon tie plastic finger thing, but i'm sure there is a youtube video out there...
593. Cleans way better than conventional solution.
594. You may think this cost too much, but it is worth the money. Work your way up take one tab to the 4 a day and you will feel much better. Me & hubby is taking this.
595. This is my 2nd and last purchase of this brand. These do help with blue light blocking but within a week 1 pair lost a nose protector and another pair chipped at the bottom with normal wear.  These replaced the previous set I had for 6 months but the lenses were starting to lose the tint.
596. I love it!!!! this item is awesome I really recommend it, fast shipping, excellent quality thank you very much  RoseMyst Instant Magic I feel very happy with the results!!!
597. This is a "vegan friendly" toothpaste with a mildly minty flavor that is reminiscent of peppermint. The mildness means it doesn't have the sting that some other brands have. This MAY also help prevent sensitivity issues that occur with other whitening toothpastes.As for the actual whitening qualities, after using it for a week (2x daily) I've noticed SLIGHT whitening effects, but nothing dramatic.It DOES leave your mouth feeling fresh after brushing however, and my teeth feel "smooth" after brushing.The active ingredient is sodium fluoride at 0.24%, which is exactly the amount in other toothpastes I compared it to.On another note, there is a considerable amount of air in the tube (so it takes a little pressure to release that first squirt).Overall, I'd say this is a decent toothpaste that is mild, and whitens slightly, but it's also pricey, and not much different than any drugstore brand of whitening toothpaste.
598. I just got this scale today.  It is easy to use and gave me an accurate weight count. I would love to buy another to keep around the house for my family to use. :)
599. Hard for me to remove from my finger. Seems to do a good job
600. Black cumin seed oil is a supplement which has many health benefits. This particular one is of high quality, packaged in the US, and the company is owned by women. I have taken black seed oil in various forms for over a year. Taking the oil directly is difficult due to the taste, it is much easier to use in capsule form. I am happy to have this capsule  extract since it may be the purest form. I do believe that my health has improved since taking black seed oil, and am very pleased to have this product to review.
601. Worth the purchase! Grew at product
602. Exactly what i needed for open toe ankle heels. They stick well but are very soft
603. No body wants to receive something dirty or broken for something this personal. It has a strong oder and the hole at the top isn't even big enough for the tip for a proper seal. I have terrible bowel problems and I'm constantly having to buy 95 cent enemas and Honestly they are better than this.
604. Works great! came quick! Love it great color
605. I have had this for while and wasn’t sure  about its best use but I found it.  This essential oil roll on works great on itchy bug bites or other skin irritation.  I had a rather large welt from a bug bite one day, itchy and irritated and decided to use this on it and the itch went away right away and the next day the welt and any trace of the bite was gone.  Smells so nice too!
606. Have have taken almost 2 months of this product now and there is absolutely no difference in my tinnitus. Save your money.
607. This is a great product for my long hair. Nothing else works for me. Thank God I found it on Amazon!
608. I do not notice any difference when I take this product. The taste is ok
609. Works fantastic!
610. I was using white vinegar to clean my dishwasher. Cheaper right? Vinegar is used for a lot of other good things, but it can cause damage & void your warranty. These tablets do what they are intended to do. Clean a dishwasher with excellent results while leaving a pleasant odor, which vinegar does not. I use these tablets when the dishwasher is empty as recommended. Other brands state that their tablets can be added to a full load of dishes while being cleaned.
611. The most important thing to remember is that these won't be a miracle cure if you always eat deadmanufactured food.  If you eat real food, I think these can be restorative if you've been recently forced to take antibiotics or if you are otherwise &#34;out of whack&#34;.  Start feeding your microbiome (through these and natural living), and lets stop the spread of Western diseases!
612. Cooking and refreshing. Isn’t the most absorbent, but it is a liner and not a full pad. I love these. They tend to help relive my cramps to some extent.
613. Tastes pretty good, but arrived melted and discolored. Also, I did not realize they were fruit flavored.
614. As the headline stated. After taking it while eating I felt less bloated stomach and face afterwards. You do feel more attentive and energetic but more focused. Will be buying a bigger bottle later on. Used it for 1 month. My only recommendation is take it with something, food or if its mid day a tiny snack not just liquids due causing an upset stomach. Its not painful or bothersome, it just feels warm.
615. Works great. Just wish the tube was more full so it could last a little longer.
616. These are soft and really makes you feel good even when scrubbing hard, I will say it's cheaper to buy them in the store though
617. I have to admit, I was a tad skeptical when I bought this product. In my experience a bunch of 5 star reviews can either mean the product is great or horrible. There is no middle ground for me. Well, with this product, it DEFINITELY lives up to the hype! I have had ingrown hairs in the past, along with razor burn and the terrible &#34;after itch&#34; from shaving. This product wipes out all of that!This product does not foam and is more &#34;milky&#34; than &#34;foamy&#34;. A little goes a long way and it left my skin feeling amazing! I use this product every (literally) and it did not irritate my skin or cause me issue!I HIGHLY recommend this product!
618. Works well and ease to use
619. It's pretty good so far.  Unfortunately, due to the short handle, I can only use it on my neck. Can almost reach my lower back pain.It seems to have good power & for professional use by a barberhairdresser I'm sure it would be great. I just wish I had a significant other to use it on me.
620. Total junk, plus size they sent could have fit Goliath. I made an adaption to make smaller, still a HUGE WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!
621. Like the textures and flavors.
622. The soap, the box it comes in, and the package it was shipped in were all covered in flakes of soap. The box was falling apart. I had to put the bars in ziplock bags to store it. I certainly wouldn’t gift it to anyone! I don’t know if it is normal for it to be covered in the flakes or not, but it certainly wasn’t what I thought I would get.
623. This lotion completely dried my skin out. The more I applied, the drier it became.
624. Ordered wrong kind. Didn't work as prescribed use was to be.
625. I work nights and sleep days so it is hard to sleep when the sun is up, even with light blocking drapes. I have used silk masks but they feel weird and one size does not fit all comfortably.The eye cups make it easier for the mask to rest on my face comfortably. The adjudtable band is neat! Had a sinus headache the first sleep so i had it loose, made a world of difference. I even took a nap yesterday and just laid it across my eyes and due to the eye cups it didn't fall off, well until I rolled over! LOLGood investment, happy so far!
626. Very quiet, definately cleans the air.
627. Ordered incorrect size. Learning process.
628. Nice tight fit and good optical clarity. Perfect for motorcycle riding as they offer complete sealing all around my eyes and the built in readers are a nice convenience.
629. I threw them away
630. My favorite tissues!!  I prefer these small cubes to the larger boxes.
631. plastic pieces made this difficult to use.. very cheaply made
632. Makes mask wearing much more comfortable for me. Wore on a plane for several hours and practically forgot I had it on! You need to pull the mask down well over your chin, then it doesn't move when you breathe or talk.There are better ones, though. These don't "clip onto" the mask, you just shove them under it. The clip-ons are more convenient, especially if you take your mask on and off a lot.
633. I bought these magnifying lenses, which fit comfortably on the head and even over conventional glasses, thinking I would use them occasionally for painting details.  But I discovered they are incredibly versatile -- great for any sort of close work.  Need to remove a splinter, trim an ingrown toenail, examine an object for small cracks or defects, check your cat's ears, do some delicate beadwork or sewing, or read that fine print on the medicine bottle?  This will make your life ever so much easier.  I never dreamed how many applications there are in which it is useful to have enhanced vision.  I keep it right by my desk and probably use it several times a day.  Very useful and highly recommended, even if you have good eyesight.  I never realized how much I was missing!
634. easy to install  easy to remove
635. Treated my tank with this. Good results.
636. I love Soothing Wellness Essentials carrying cases! I first purchased the one that holds 96 and liked it so much I got the larger one, too. The inserts protect the oils and I like that it has pockets inside the top. The case is so easy to carry and store. Looks fantastic!
637. This mask is comfortable enough, but is not opaque. The fabric blocks maybe 80% of the light in a sunlit room, which is not enough for me to sleep well in a brightly lit space.
638. These smelled like gasoline even after washing. Horrible!!!! Soap didn't suds up inside. Disappointing.
639. no fragrance at all and they are tiny
640. This is more like rubber and not like a sponge at all. I didn’t really like it for doing dishes or much of anything really.
641. How this fits into your life depends on what you need. It still requires some water, and still requires toweling off. It basically replaces the need to have a separate low suds cleansing formula and wash rag or dry cloth. THIS IS Rinse free, but you do need water to start.  Just add a little water to the sheet of fabric, massage for light lather, wipe down body, then towel off. No need to rinse. Keep in mind that the more water that is used, the more the mess from run off.The sheet of fabric is like a soft piece of felt. Size of a large washcloth (9.5" x 9.5"). Don't need much water! It definitely lathers. It isn't a sudsy soap, but that doesn't mean there isn't enough.  Now, if you are expecting loads of foamy bubbles, this does not provide that. It creates a light watery lather. This in no way determines effectiveness of cleaning. Mega lather does not equate better cleaning. I learned that 30 some years ago in home economics that excess lather is a marketing technique (usually through copious amounts of sulphates) to give people impression that more latherbubblessuds = better clean (shampoo, body soaps, toothpaste). But for those that dig the suds, I can get some light bubbles out of it. That being said, it is adequate enough. Not super refreshing, but I do feel clean. Tried it in hair with fair results.This could be cut in half and it would still have plenty of lather. Depending on your situation, this could be premoistened and placed in a ziplock baggie.No discernable aroma. Not sticky, at least not me. I wonder if amount of water used, or thoroughness of toweling off impacts that or not.Personally, I prefer wet body wipes. They never need water nor toweling off. I like those for on the go use (workday, after work out, bird bath at the sink). I would be more apt to use these in a bed bound situation, or no hot water situation, maybe camping.The term "waterless" needs to be taken out from the title headline. That is a traffic directing manipulation, and it helps no one especially if they buy something like this without further looking at the product pictures and description.
642. Love that it has the clip catcher.  No more having to go outside or over the bathroom sink when clipping my nails.
643. Includes a bottle brush for cleaning,  has a comfortable rubber seal that makes a good seal. This is great for an emergency.
644. From what I have noticed these fit most of my heels and seem to work well.
645. I have used these for about 2 months now and I  really like them, I have had a torn  rotator cuff and these help some with the pain as well as some exercise to keep it fluid! I just do not want surgery as I know of a friend of mine who had the rotator operated on and it really did not help! I will keep taking these and see in another month how I do. I'll come back and update then!
646. I have been doing a lot of physical work and I get sore from the heavy lifting, this helps. This also replenishes my endurance so I can do more work. The taste isn't bad and you will need to blend to get the best mix. I mix up a glass and take a nice sip throughout the working.
647. Very fine powder, no taste, blends well in smoothies.  This will last a long time since the serving size is small.
648. Pretty good! Helps keep my sanity when I get hungry before my main meal.  I think it makes for a quick snack- either to take care of a sweet tooth need, or just need something to nosh on to take care of hungries before next meal. When I am on the go all day, I often dont eat anything until dinner (Im just not hungry, and copious amounts of coffee andor a smoothie takes care of my need to masticate a meal), but.. sometimes I do get a little hungry. OK, sometimes a lot. lol.  I pack some snack bars just in case, but sometimes I want a better mouth feeldifferent texture than what a dry bar provides. SO give me cheese stick, olives, meat stick.. and now these yam sticks. Of all the other options, these are the easiest for me as they are room temperature stable. Now I can have one of these and maybe a handful of nuts, and I am satisfied enough to hold off until dinner.Has a light, mild taste. I think kids would like this as it isnt as strong as some sweet potatoes. I know some of the flavor is dependent on the type of sweet potatoyam used, and region. That is the extent of my expertise, though haha. The texture is decent. It is a soft with a little bit of chew. Easy to eat. I have another yam product I prefer (about as mild, but little more chew), but I would totally buy these again. If only because I can control myself better. This is 80 calories per stick, where as the other is a bag at 180 per servingbag. Not bad, but I dont always need that much at once (but I cant control myself haha). So different items purchased for different reasons. If you want to get fancy, this would be delightful paired with a slice of turkey or chicken, then maybe a slice of cheese all rolled in a small soft tortilla shell. Or ditch the meat, and add in avocado. Hmm, making myself hungry now.Yammy: https:www.amazon.comdpB08SYBSSN3
649. I think this Dreft Detergent is great. I love the smell and it really does make the clothes soft and smell great. I like the new box it has an easy to use spout.
650. Good quality loofah. Works very well with body washes or bar soap. Does an outstanding job of exfoliating skin in the shower without causing any abrasions or marks. Shipped quickly and securely. No problems at all from placing order to using product. Will buy again when I need them.
651. Decent quality but I'll stick with huggies wipes.
652. NOt fancy but they do the trick.  The foam pad isn't porous so you don't have to worry about it soaking up your lotion.  I don't have any issues reaching with it, but I can see how some people might.  Overall I'm happy with these.
653. These are OK fiber gummies. Each serving provides 5g of fiber, which is decent but not outstanding. Additionally, a serving consists of THREE gummies, so a bottle of 60 will last only 20 days. The taste is fine (sort of a berry-ish flavor mostly) but there's 3g of added sugar per serving (sugar is the second most common ingredient), which is rather high. The consistency is firm bordering on rubbery, and it sticks to my teeth, which is annoying.The fiber is from chicory root which is the usual go-to source for fiber in gummies. It uses natural flavors and natural colors, which is a plus.  The country of manufacture is not listed on the bottle, which can mean that it's not made in the US.Weighing all the factors (taste, formulation, serving size, cost, ease of use) puts my rating at three stars (average). It's not a bad fiber gummy, but it's not outstanding compared with other similar options that are available.
654. An ounce of protection will save thousands of dollars in DUIs.and possibly lives I am not a drinker, but I do occasionally imbibe on special occasions. I like that this Oasser Breathalyzer Breath Tester comes with a window punch, so it's good to keep in your car. Just in case.
655. I just used it for the first time on a 12' x 3' section of vinyl siding above my back patio. It used to take me 30 minutes with a step ladder and a sponge to clean the mildew off these vinyl panels. Today I did it in less than 5 minutes using my DocaPole 6-inch Scrub Brush with Extension Pole. And I didn't need a ladder. Next I tackled the difficult job of cleaning mildew from the area around the attic vent at the point of my house which is 35' high. I was able to effectively clean this hard to reach area using a 22' ladder and the 12' DocaPole Extension and Scrub Brush. Previously, I was never able to clean this area around my house's attic vent. Now it's mildew free and I have  the tool to keep it clean in the future. This is a marvelous item of equipment. It's lightweight and easy to maneuver. The scrub brush does a terrific job of cleaning mildew off of vinyl siding. I highly recommend it.
656. I normally use a fairly stiff soapy back brush in the shower. I want to feel like my back area is being cleaned and exfoliated. This is like trying to scrub your back with a rubbery belt - there's no exfoliation and it's "bristles" are too soft and ineffective.
657. Was it really necessary to use a photo for this product featuring a woman gleefully waving doughnuts at the camera?  I realize this is a product targeted to plus size women, but the doughnuts image  is stereotypical and offensive.  That being said, the product works well enough for what I wanted.  But please, just use a photo of a woman modeling the arm bands and lose the doughnuts.
658. It was a nice bathbomb. However when it arrived it was broken.
659. I have a leather club chair that I just love. I also have five dogs, one of whom is a big, active Pittie who LOVES that chair. She sits in it all day to look outside. She also takes running leaps into the chair which causes it to careen across the room into the wall. Just about every time. The leather was getting scratched and borderline cracked, like if I hadn’t done something to those cracks forming, the leather would have just split open in a BUNCH of places.First I wiped the chair down with a clean wet rag, then I took a little bit of this in my hands and warmed it up, then I applied it with my hands all over the leather. I rubbed it in thoroughly, and after 15-20 minutes, I bugged it with a clean dry cloth. Omg, it looks AMAZING. You can still see the (almost) crack, but now that it isn’t all dried out anymore it just looks worn in and distressed, but no longer trashed.I definitely recommend this stuff. It was so quick and easy to apply with just my hands, and it only takes a teeny tiny amount, so this will last forever. I’m about to go condition my Timberland boots with it right now and can’t wait to see the results (that same dog has trashed my boots - I won’t even tell you what she did to those because ICK). Side note, that same dog licked the chair after I was done, and she is still with us, so it’s a very dog friendlysafe product.
660. It is a beautiful bracelet and fits my small wrist. Shiney and not tarnished.  Very happy and thank you for having this size. Perfect
661. Love it. I sit at my home office all day and it's made a huge difference.
662. I looked at a lot of canes prior to purchasing this one. The bells & whistles were a little over the top in the beginning but became quite functional, useful and helpful. There isn't a better cane out there for the price. My only wish would be to offset the handle to make it a little more comfortable over a long period of time.
663. I almost always buy recycled andor environmentally correct tissues, but when my whole family gets a cold, we end up with at least two boxes of these. Having the skin peel off your nose and upper lip just plain stinks.
664. This product is OK, but would recommend getting a much larger size!
665. too expensive
666. I like the bulk concept, and so far the product seems comparable to past products I've used that cost more. So, I'm sold :-)
667. I love the disposable eye steam masks, they are so great for dry eyes. I like having an electric version that I can use for much longer. Sometimes I use this over wet cotton flats for even better results. Same with under eye gel pads. The heat really helps the serums absorb. There are 4 heat levels and 4 time options, the longest is 30 minutes. Great to relax you for sleep or a amid afternoon break when your eyes are tired from the computer screen. The lavender part comes separately, you can  insert it if you want to use it.The heated part is inserted into the sleep mask or can be removed from the sleep mask. There is also a cold pack that can be inserted as well or it can be used as a regular sleep mask.
668. I ordered this brand when I couldn't get my regular brand which I still prefer but this was an OK substitute.
669. My sun likes it. Easy to handle and the floss is not too thickthin. I wish there was no fruity scent to it, but I can live with that. 5 stars!
670. GREAT STUFF....The only fish oil that significantly lowered my cholesteroltrig levels within a couple of months!!  ALSO.....no nasty FISH burping taste!!!  The ONLY way to go!
671. In the picture this foot soaking bucket seems fine and in many ways it is. However in practical use the main flaws inherent in its cheap construction become readily apparent. The soaking pail is made of cheap thin pliable plastic. The problem is that under the best circumstances the plastic soaking pail deforms  elongates once filled with water for your foot soak.What's even worse. If you are hankering for a warm foot soak then you are in a bit of hot water as hot water makes this cheap plastic deform even more. The sort of square configuration of the soaking pail wants to become an oval. The handles stay secure to the pail but feel suspect.  Beyond that the soaking pail is fine. It has enough space for my big size 12 feet. I'm only 5 feet 7 inches tall. I think God initially wanted to make me taller but he ran out of funding so I was topped out much sooner.All in all I'd say this foot soaking solution is adequate but nothing to write home about. I don't hate it but I'm always afraid the handles might fail under the load of carrying warm soaking water. I only took off only one star because my foot soak bucket has never failed so that's something.
672. Great supplement
673. An awesome product. This helped with itchy back due to insect bites and stress induced allergic skin rashes {due to the loss of a family member}. I brought this because I needed an aloe spray product from a respectable company like Johnson & Johnson. Also, I brought this since there are days in which I don't see my man but need aloe lotionaloe oil applied on my back so I don't go crazy with itchy sensations. This mist did the trick and smells lightly too. It does spray about so one has to be careful with this. It is easy to hold and spray though compare to other mists I've used to relieve my itchy back. I guess Johnson & Johnson were sensitive towards customers with smaller hands with arthritis or children who want to be grownups and have their own spray mist. Anyways I highly recommend this for dry, itchy skin and especially relieve insect bites and stress induced rashes. Great spray for those hard to reach places. I feel so much better.
674. Arrived fast. Tried once and it worked well. Easy to clean and each part is good. Still, I give it only three star, 2.5, I wish, since the product obviously looks like a used one. The print on the button is scratched and blurred. How do I add my picture to the review? I just hope the shaving head has not been used on other people. Is it Amazon or the seller’s problem?——————————Update,After 6 months of use, at the frequency of twice per week, one shaving petal fell off while I was cleaning it carefully. Poor quality; had to buy another one of a different brand.
675. It worked, the problem was my tooth wouldn't hold for more than a day, but for that one day it was helpful!  I did get to feel confident in fro t of guests.
676. Worked great.  Would recommend this.
677. This is the only manufacturer that I have found that carries these larger interdental brushes.  They are necessary for my dental hygiene.
678. Can’t smell the scent
679. I tried using these in some new work boots. While the back is fairly tacky, they just don't feel very good and don't do a good job at keeping my foot in place. After only a few hours of use, they became loose and started to roll onto itself. Once it does that, they are very difficult to get it to unstick from itself without tearing the pad. I would have returned them but frankly it just wasn't worth the effort.
680. I like the easy and quick pouring sprout the attach measuring cup is easy and good
681. These say that they're new and OEM, but they cut like they've been poorly refurbished.  Not impressed, and will not buy again.
682. They aren't exactly bad tasting,  but they are very strange.  It's like eating peas that have the same texture of matzo crackers.  It's messing with my mind and taste buds because I keep expecting to taste chips, not peas.  Maybe they will grow on me.
683. Needed these for a state fair project and they were perfect!
684. It works for me. I only take it when my stomach is upset. It smells like cinnamon.
685. I'm satisfied and arrived as described on time, will buy again
686. It worked great
687. This is a very nice plate for my elderly father, helps keep food from being pushed off the plate.  I wish it was just a little bigger and a little less pricey but I'm glad I got it for him.
688. These Digestive Advantage dark chocolate probiotic chews I thought tasted horrible. I tried a couple of times to eat these and just couldn't do it. Sorry!
689. One piece  is excellent. Foot feels better with it.  Other piece broke on top on firscwt wearing.
690. Fabulous on all counts. It lathers very well. That is why I got it. Washcloths don't do well with shower gel and poofs are hard on the skin but this mitt lathers with a little bit of gel and exfoliates like no one's business. Very relaxing and fits my hands well. I had to cinch up the wrist strap to keep it on. It also has a hole on the end for hanging.
691. I transferred this product to a glass jar with a sealed top. Very easy to use, stir in a spoon with my morning coffee tasteless with a slightly sweet accent. Combine with a good multi-B vitamin & a Pro-biotic for best effectiveness.
692. but here it is on the package: With non-fruiting body extracts, the mycelium is grown on a sterilized grain, usually brown rice. ... If you see a product saying freeze-dried myceliated brown rice, that means you are essentially receiving ground up brown rice with the roots of a mushroom extract mixed in.Mar 28, 2016
693. I received this Brush for my Husband the other day and he tried it right out. He said the brush bristles were very soft and was easy to use to apply the dry oil. He said it turned easily in the oils and was easy to apply to his beard. His beard felt softer and it wasn't so rough looking. It keeps his beard soft and not old looking
694. I ordered and quickly received the Pure Science DGL Licorice 500mg - Contains 10% Glycyrrhiza Glabra Root - Supports Digestive & Respiratory Function - 50 Vegetarian Capsules. The bottle arrived with a quality control seal, and inner protective seal. For best results take one (1) capsules daily preferably with meals or as directed by your healthcare professional. Do not exceed the recommended dose. The bottle consist of fifty (50) capsules or fifty (50) servings per container.  My daughter deals with the annoyance of hyperacidity and burning stomach, and it's not an occasional occurrence but a chronic thing.  Usually she dealt with burning stomach or heartburn is to take antacids like Tums, Tagamet or Prilosec. All of these medications work by reducing the stomach acidity.  Tums contain alkaline ingredients like calcium carbonate that directly neutralizes the HCL acid in the stomach for a short period of time (because obviously then the stomach produces more). Tagamet and Zantac work by blocking the H2 histamine receptors, which regulate the acid production on the stomach. They provide a long lasting reduction in stomach acidity, because they lower the production of acid instead of acting on the acid itself. Prilosec and similar drugs belong to the class of the proton pump inhibitors, which again works by reducing the production of acid by the stomach, in a long lasting, and more aggressive way.  One problem that people (including often doctors) don't understand is that when people experience heartburn or burning stomach, it's often not caused by an actual excess of acidity in the stomach, but by a damage of the layer of mucus that protects the stomach lining. The stomach is designed to have a very high acidity, both to digest foods and to protect against pathogens that can be ingested with the food, because most are killed by the highly acidic environment of the stomach. Acids damage tissues so normally there is a layer of acid-resistant mucus that creates a buffer between the acid inside the stomach and the stomach itself. As long as this barrier is in place everything is good.  The mucus production, however, can be reduced by several different factors, like use of aspirin and similar NSAIDs, stress, steroid drugs, etc. If the protective mucus is reduced, the stomach lining will become vulnerable to the corrosive action of the stomach acids, which will create burning, pain, etc.  It seems clear that the best approach is to increase the production of protective mucus, rather than reducing the stomach acidity, yet all the official therapies focus on reducing the stomach acidity. This, by the way, is a terrible idea (unless it's a legitimate case of hyperclorridia or excessive stomach acid) because not only does it make you more vulnerable to food borne pathogens, but it can contribute to an overgrowth of H. Pylori, if that's already an issue for you. Helicobacter Pylori is a bacteria commonly found in the stomach that can overcolonize lead to stomach ulcers. H Pylori prevents a less acidic environment, and it can actually reduce the ph of the stomach acid. So, if you are taking anything to reduce stomach acid, you are actually doing H Pylori a favor, for which it will repay you with some excruciating ulcers.  Additionally, reducing stomach acid also impairs your digestion and assimilation of vitamins and nutrients. Vitamin B12, for instance, requires a certain acidity for it to be absorbed. Same thing for iron and many others.  The only thing that is known to increase the production of the protective stomach mucus is licorice, which DGL is made from. (By the way, I am talking about REAL licorice, not the fake &#34;licorice&#34; flavored candies that are actually flavored with anise and bear no resemblance to real licorice.).  So far she have not had any side effects. Her stomach has not bothered me. The licorice seems to be of good quality and there does not appear to be anything wrong with it. I would recommend it to others.  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
695. I have short and thin lashes and this curler works beautifully!
696. I don't know how but it works. I was skeptical but there is no smoke smell. I even took a drag from the cigarette outside of the car and blew it with the smoke buddy in the car. Just to test it out. I'm not sure how long the filter will last but I'll find out
697. Having eczema and psoriasis on my fingers, sometimes I have to protect them. And, using latex finger cots when I have a sensitivity to latex isn’t easy.Also, I tend to go through a lot of them. Some fingers they are too tight, others too loose.These seeming like the perfect idea – some kind of fabric, reusable (even washable), and easy to store.The problem is the fabric – it is MUCH too rough for my skin. They’re itchy, a bit tight at times, and not easy to use.I’m sure someone else would like this, for me it’s a hard pass.
698. Right off the bat, when tasting this, I was rejoicing that it wasn't too sweet. Many products of this nature have stevia or monk fruit, which not only have an aftertaste, but they use so much that the sweetness is cloying.Not only is this product not super sweet, but it has just a little sweetness that occurs naturally from the organic berry powders.And speaking of berries, what a powerhouse! In addition to beets and chaga mushrooms, you have the superfruit goji, maqui, and acai.Since berries are on the hot list of being highly contaminated with pesticides, this is a product you can feel great about because all but the collagen peptides are organic.I love that I can just sprinkle it into my yogurt or oatmeal, as well as mixing it with a liquid. It tastes slightly sweet, slightly earthy. It gives a nice flavor to unsweetened yogurt especially if it's sprinkled with nuts. Perfect healthy breakfast.And only 25 calories for a tablespoon!The formulation is geared for beauty, and by now we all know the benefit of collagen when it comes to skin. But this is so much more than just skin loving, I feel that it's an all-around health tonic.Definitely will be getting more when this canister is done.Update: So, I think I have found a breakfast nirvana. English muffin with cherry preserves, and  this powder sprinkled on top. So darn good I go to sleep happy, knowing I'm going to have this fantastic breakfast in the morning!As another update, since taking this regularly, I feel that I have more energy and my mood is elevated. Now granted that could be a coincidence, but I can tell you I'm going to keep taking it.
699. Great seller. We had an issue, no fault of the seller's, but they still fixed it for us! The vitamin E oil is great. I use it on my face at night after I shower. Love it.
700. my nails are very thick
701. I have been trying to up my intake of antioxidants and polyphenols.  I can't attest to the fact that this helps but I am rotating it in and out of my daily supplements.I now ALWAYS look for made in the USA.  This has become very important to me, whether it is supplements for me or the dogs.I will continue taking these.  I have not had any problems at all with these.
702. Excellent traction device.  Very helpful.  Good quality materials.
703. This may get the water out of your ears, but it really burns. Got this for the kids and tried it on myself first and it wasn’t pleasant. Won’t be using it again
704. My husband really likes this beard balm. I had gotten him the starter sample set initially and he liked it enough to purchase the full size balm. I like that the scent is mild and light. A little pricey for what it is, but it lasts a very long time so it's worth it overall. The guitar pick included for scooping out the product is a nice touch.
705. Definitely worth it. You get more than you'll use in a life time. Unlike every other brand I've tried, the don't dent after just a couple weeks. It takes about 2 months before you need to change them because they're made of such a strong and resistant material. Their also not too small, so you can be sure you lashes won't get caught between these Replacement Pads and the metal of your actual curler.
706. I must not have read the size before purchase. They're huge! But well made and very pretty.
707. We keep these around for the trades working through the punch list through out our house.  They like them because they easily fit over their boots.
708. my son loved these
709. The advantage is the clip that allows me to hook the case on my safety vest.Safety is essential.
710. Did nothing for me.
711. I don't have an issue with straps around my ears.  However, I was hoping that these extenders would make it easier for me to take my mask on and off, allowing it to hang from my neck when needed.  Unfortunately, these were not really good for that purpose.  I found it hard to adjust the mask straps over the small nibs of the extender.  Once I did get the straps in place, there is nothing to keep them there!  I found that the extender kept shifting and the straps of the mask fell off.  I can't use these how I wanted to and and I wouldn't recommend them.
712. Do your lures stink? They probably do and you don't realize it. Wash them in this soap and your catch rate will increase.
713. The champaign glasses kept deflating.
714. Love that this filament has a cover, and little bumps on the foot to show you were to use the filament. Great Value.
715. I got the number 2.It didn’t come with a tube to inflate it as some of the other balloons that are this style do.Deflated it measures around 43 inches tall.I used a common straw to inflate.My mouth it took me about 2 minutes to inflate. I was worried I popped it. But it was just settling in and was full shortly after.Inflated my 2 measured only about 33” tall. For this reason I deducted one star as the listing was for a 40” balloon.The pink color is really pretty.There are two loops on the top and bottom to hang this balloon.To manually deflate the balloon simply slide in a straw and move the air into the direction of the straw. The air will move out of the balloon through the straw. It took me around 5 minutes to deflate the balloon.The air coming out of the balloon smells like nail polish.
716. This item wasn’t what I thought and seemed a bit on the cheap side.  It works though.
717. I like the glasses when spotting stains, calmer on my eyes.
718. Australian Bush flower essences are standard products of known quality. So there is little i can add about the remedies themselves.However, the amazon distribution company is awesome: even though it's standard shipping the Bush flowers arrive very fast.it's easier to get them here than in Australia!all the products from this distributor are the original, standard Australian Bush Flower essences. It's stock essence, which is more economical since the user must dilute it himself, and lasts for many bottles. In order to dilute you need to buy a little dropper bottle for a few cents in a drug store, and mix a few drops of the product with water and, possibly, Brandy to keep the water fresh.
719. I am not sure that it keeps the bugs away as much I want it to. My almost 5 year old  son is very prone to get bitten by mosquitoes and being a boy he also likes to play closer to fence in the yard; as a result he gets real close to where most of mosquitoes are. I don't think this lotion is effective on such kids. Also, it does not exactly work like a guard as in shield (none of the ones I have used so far work that way). If I miss a spot, my son gets bites there.I would recommend it for summer outdoor use (not for activities like trails in a state park or evening soccer practice)Other thing I would comment is, it does not have strong smell like some of the others do.
720. I got this to help with a edible tincture and it works very well.  I must say that a small portion goes a long way.
721. Doesn’t mix a well as other products I’ve tried. There is a blob of unmixed powder that’s suborn and won’t dissolve. This Watermelon flavor is strong and tastes much better than the mojito flavor. Performance wise it gives me the boost I need for my workouts. I can’t say it’s any better or worse as far as the energy boost goes compared to competing products.
722. The inside coating of our cover started falling off after after only a few weeks.  All of the plastic clips to attatch it to ramp are broken and it leaks.  Seller told no refund after 30 days.  I bought another waterproof cover from a different seller for $15 that has heldup better than this one.
723. My daughter has Potz Syndrome so we have to track her water intake. We have a water bottle that has a sensor for daily use. However there are times that the water bottle just isn't as handy. This is a great alternative to fill in those time. Its small and the band has great elasticity. Fits over all glasses we have used it on thus far. The light is just right. It flashes to signal the user hasn't taken a drink, however, it isn't so bright that the whole restaurant will look at you. I would recommend this, it has help us a lot.
724. Works better than the $60 scale it replaced.  it's very accurate.
725. I try to do what I can for the environment, so I love this brand. I brought them with me to serve my specialty cocktails in for 4th of July and was feeling a lot better than if they were a Solo cup.
726. I purchased these to give a few drops of medication to my dogs orally. I was terrified to use a syringe, but these are individually wrapped and very easy to use. Since I'm using to get into the medicine bottle and only get a few drops out, they work well for what I need. The needles appear thick. The syringe is well made, strong and clearly marked. I cannot speak to accuracy of ml but the plunger worked perfectly.  I searched around for a long time and ultimately decided this was the most economical purchase for my use.
727. This brush cut 50% of time straightening my hair.  It has the ability to adjust the temperature and steam. I received this iron very fast which is always nice.
728. Love the Cube design.. perfect for those who want to use in a small space. An air purifier with a white noise output! Device itself creates a white noise that actually can be soothing and will not interrupt sleep or conversation.I appreciate this comes ready to use… And includes an extra filter. *One concern I do have- is there is no listing for replacement filters to purchase at this time..!!! The concern is if it’s necessary to replace this item prior to being available online? And second issue.. what will these cost! This matters for me to make a claim this is value worthy to a buyer. As you can see- these questions can affect whether this purchase holds true value: ifwhenhow much replacement filters will be.. and it’s my reason for detecting x1 star.As for functionality.. this seems very easy and straightforward. This contains solid and helpful instructions that include diagrams as well as real time photos- see pic.’s I included. It also includes a small screwdriver which is needed to open cover at given time- very helpful to be all inclusive. *hack: keep instruction manual, extra filter included and tool all in one place.. this will simplify the filter swap when needed!Buttons are white with gray writing and have indicator light when selected.. but, for any with less than stellar eyesight- You may need to navigate choices under regular light source.. at least till you’ve become familiar with button placement. Otherwise, it can be hard to see. Not a deal breaker just a factor to consider.. who will be end user and could this pose an issue?  Once you selected a  function.. this works as expected and does a fantastic job. It allows varied speeds and set timing options- it even notifies when filter must be replaced… lets just hope it’s available! Hoping this info helps your decision- stay safe.
729. this is all over the web as a miracle cleaner - I think a homemade paste using baking soda, vinegar and dawn.
730. The baggies they come in are pretty cool. If only the electrodes contained within were not of the worst quality I have experiencedz I have 1.5 years of needing transdermal e. nerve stim in order to bear the pain if walking with my spine all jacked. these are  The worst! They are gooey sticky yet barely adhere to the skin... had to use electrical tape to get em to stay wout shocking me... now if unlike me you remain stationary  for the stim as well as don't need them on constant it may still be a good buy... but maybe no cuz re-using these pads isn't really an option... & they leave gooey goo boogars on ya... Party foul & for shame electrodes for shame!
731. Great replacement for current unit, easy to install.
732. My husband & I have both broke our placards and these covers have enabled us to still hang the card.Well worth the money!
733. I bought one for my 'hearing less ear' and was so impressed because in a crowded store the sound stayed true. So impressed that I took them up on their offer of savings if I bought a 2nd one. It just arrived and I tried them both. WELL...As it turns out my 'bad ear' wasn't the bad one at all! It was my right one. So with volume set on '1' for the left ear and '2' for the right ear, I had GREAT HEARING!!!I had bought a less expensive one from someone else and the moment I had walked into the grocery store, I had to remove it, the buzz noise was overwhelming.But these are the greatest for me! One was really good, two were the greatest for me!
734. How wonderful to get 12 large jars of moisturizing petroleum jelly!  This stuff works great to keep my very dry skin in check.  With this volume, I can slather it on after a bath and let it do its magic.  It is petroleum jelly, though -- greasy stuff -- so you have to be careful until it soaks in, because it will leave grease stains on clothing.This works great.  I did find the slightly sweet, slightly perfumey, slightly medicinal scent to be a little cloying as the day progressed.  I used a LOT of this ALL OVER my body -- I suspect if you didn't use so much, the scent would be barely detectable.  Anyway it works great, the price is right, and the scent is very subtle but not particularly pleasant after a while.
735. You get what you pay for. These are cheap watch pins. The stem that fits into the watch case is too short to effectively hold the band on for very long. The first pin I installed on my watch fell out in one day. The double shoulder helps with the installation process. I did receive the installation tool with the kit. Two stars because they work if only for a short time. I am now sopping for a set of pins that have longer stems that will provide a more secure fit.
736. It comes on, it is quiet, and it is tiny. It has a nice look, if not a little sci-fi. Do these things really work? No idea. But we hope they do.
737. These are terrible quality and broke within a couple of days.  Do not waster your $
738. I used it once, very happy with scent and the way it cleaned my mat.  But as I tried to use it second time, the spray mechanism on bottle does not push down completely and the spray just drips out.  I tried fixing it to no avail.  Otherwise would give it five stars.
739. After purchasing gel gloves that did not fit, I decided to try these cotton gloves, which are a great value.  Of course, you use your own hand lotion and cuticle cream but they are comfortable to wear all night.  And you can wear the same pair many times given that you are putting them on clean hands!  So a dozen pair will last a long time!I haven't done it, but I presume that you could also use them for dirty work to keep your hands clean.
740. Had this set up for Amazon subscription, but was out of stock on the 1st and the 2nd scheduled subscription delivery, so I dropped it.As far as the quality of the product it's excellent. I now just try to order it when it looks like I'll need it.
741. What is needed.
742. These are fantastic! I wish I had found these years ago. My only downside is they are full of powder and my skin is pretty sensitive to it.
743. While these aren't the softest tissues, the round packaging is amazing. They fit in car cupholders perfectly. The tissues come out of the canisters smoothly. Very useful.
744. This is a set of 10 protein powder packets. The packets can be mixed with water or in a smoothie. The packets are very convenient. You can put them in your gym bag for after your workout, or you could take them to the office for a healthy snack at the end of the day. The packets contain 200 calories and 10 grams of protein. They feature an appealing texture and excellent flavor. These travel packets are an excellent way to ensure you always have a healthy option to help fend off cravings.
745. I usually slip these heel protectors on my bare feet before putting socks on, and because they're a bit thinner than other ones I've tried, I can wear them with tighter shoes that I wasn't able to wear heel sleeves with before. They add a little cushion every time you take a step, which reduces strain on your heels and helps relieve pain from plantar fasciitis. Massaging your feet is important when treating plantar fasciitis, and this set comes with a small ball you can roll under your feet for a massaging effect.
746. What I like about this product:- organic non-gmo- you could break the tablets in half- easy to digest- no flavor burpsCons:- tablets are large if you don't break them in half, not ideal for those who have a hard time swallowing pills- unsure if these contain curcumin. The bottle says curcuma, I don't know if they are the same thing or different but I specifically take Turmeric Curcumin with black pepper.
747. I'm not sure why this company is only focusing on pumpkin seed oil for men's issues.That's only one small part of this powerhouse oil.For arthritis, as a preventive measure if macular degeneration runs in your family, and for healthy, glowing skin, pumpkin seed oil has a high level of beneficial fatty acids.It can affect blood pressure, so talk with your doctor if you have high or low BP.
748. Love it! Really works!
749. Love how it long but not bulky when folded.
750. Well, I wanted to get some sort of benefit from these... But they're useless. I don't believe in the &#34;Copper&#34; voodoo, but thought there would be some stability offered - there isn't, I thought maybe some benefit from the compression - there isn't. These do not stay up. Any movementwalking causes these to simply work their way down ur legs. This was not a worthwhile purchase at all....
751. Not thrilled with this product. I wanted it to work, but it did not stretch my shoes at all.
752. Sometimes you get a pair of shoes that just is not comfortable.  The base of the shoe where the ball of the foot is, can be too thin and it can be hard on the feet.  These pads do seem to help, but let's take a closer look.WHAT ARE THESE PADS LIKE?These pads are for the ball of the foot.  They have a place for the area under the toes so you know where to put them.  The backing is a type which will hold into place pretty well.  It can be washed and reused.  The cushion has some flock on it which keeps it soft instead of overly rubbery.HOW DO THESE PERFORM?So far, I have a pair on one of my shoes.  The pad did make the shoe slightly tighter, but that pair had the room.  If the shoes are really fitted, they could make it too tight.  The pad did not seem to slide around that much and so far they have been good. If I am not careful, however, they will slide.FUTURE UPDATES?I will continue to test them in other shoes, however and update my review if I have anything to add.THE BOTTOM LINEFor reusable pads for the ball of the foot in some shoes that just are too hard, these are nice.  They will make the shoes tighter, so you need to have room for them.MY RATINGSo far four stars. They stay pretty well in place, but can shift a bit if you are not careful.
753. My perfume did not transfer into the bottle, instead all over me.... Ive used products similar to this before and this just did not work at all!
754. This worked well
755. Fort of all the containers are very sturdy and the piil have a smallPocket to fill it just not sitting on the bottom of container
756. My husband will not drive my car without this cushion.  Finally, something that he had sit on for drives over 20 minutes.
757. I used it to infuse olive oil.  It made a wonderful salve.
758. cleans ball well
759. Bought the clay version it doesn’t get that hot and it doesn’t stay hot for more then like 5-10 min. Honestly just fill up a giant sock with rice and tie the end it works better.
760. I started drinking my coffee with this mix in it to give me the bullet coffee effect. This will give you more energy and curb your appetite. You will need a blender to get this blended well. A spoon will not cut it.
761. well satisfied.
762. I can't wait till wear these after Halloween. Hoping it'll bring some cheer.
763. My guest absolutely loved them for opening bottles and pushing buttons without touching them personally
764. These are decent if you have pain in the ball of your feetfoot. I even put these on my custom made Orthodics and they do relieve the pain. I do notice they move around although they have reusable on the package I am not sure how well they will stick but will keep this updated as pain in my feet keep me from doing a lot of things.UPDATE: Not real happy with these after some time ONLY because they will roll up when you put your shoe on. Maybe from the glue rubbing off, not sure bt it becomes a hassle even though it does help.
765. I like the scarf it just doesn’t stay in place the way I thought it would.
766. we go through a lot of chickpeatos, they are good for snacks to take to school, road trips, etc. Make sure to bring water, as you will feel thirsty after eating a bunch of these.
767. so not tobacco!im sure its written in the review that its not tobacco but damn..its a horrible alternative. the hookah rocks are much better then this..go get some starbuzz and call it a day.
768. we like it for the price we paid, bought at open box pricing. can't find the directions for the remote.........
769. Awful. One was completely broken and the other was scratched up on the handle.
770. Great additive to water
771. This was a total waste of money. It was so uncomfortable and showed under all my clothes. I got a wider width support bandfor a third of the price from babies r us and it was much more comfortable and supportive.
772. Not sure if it works yet but one of the two bottles doesn't even spray.
773. Love the smell and feels great
774. Thin. Wool matted down quickly.
775. Comes well-packaged and is very suitable for gifting.Scent is rather bland at first hit.  Once you give it a while to work warm up and settle in on the skin it does open up a bit.  Complex - but a still a bit muddy.This is not an amazing scent.  Not really memorable.  But nice and subtle enough for everyday use or gym roll on.I'll continue to use it and update this review.
776. Doesn't snap shut tight enough.
777. Any Lions fan will love these ziplocs. A little pricey, but living in Florida we can't get ANY of our team gear here so of course I'm willing to spend a bit.
778. The case my jewelry from getting Dusty
779. The scrubber is very soft and dispersed my body bath soap luxuriously.  There are four in a packet and I have only used one three times, therefore, it is difficult to say how long it will last.
780. I have been using this for over 6 months and I got to tell you it's amazing.  I bought it to use to brush my teeth with.  I have gum problems they hurt and they itched all the time.  When I went to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned she had to use numbing stuff just to clean my teeth they were so sensitive and so painful.  When I returned six months later for my next cleaning she was totally amazed that my gums looked so healthy and they were not inflamed anymore and she cleaned them in half the time.  There was very little tarter build up as well.  It is so very soothing to my gums.  I don't use toothpaste anymore or mouthwash even natural stuff because this Dragon's Blood does it all.  I read that it can be put on the gum line to help keep the gums from receding.  I know it works to seal wounds and I have used it on my gums to seal them to keep particles from getting into them.  I am ordering much more now.
781. My hair seems to be improving or at least that is what my hairdresser says.
782. Got a mentally challenged brother who uses the bathroom on himself.. I could not stand to walk into his living area without vomiting. We spray this on his bed, his chair, his laundry.. it works!!!
783. TLDR: Comfortable, but ineffective.I'm a side sleeper and live closer to a major highway, which I can hear through the walls and windows of the house at all times.  I was hoping this would help me block out those sounds to get to have a better quality of sleep.These are easy earplugs to insert and, for my ear shape & size, do not stick out enough to be a problem with side sleeping.  They are also comfortable.  These are the two reasons I gave this product 2 stars.After a couple of seconds of them in my ears my hearing adjusted to normal levels.  I feel like I could hear everything I could normally.
784. These liners are a good value. They are thicker than I was looking for, but they worked out.
785. Good color rendition, quite bright for its size.  Runs a little more hot than I expected.
786. I got it for my mother in law and my self. We loved it because it's long and our sleeves don't get wet and it's comfortable.
787. This clears my stuffy nose, love it!
788. First, they come in a Ziploc storage bag. A very thoughtful feature. They are perfect sleeping gloves. Soft, lightweight, not tight and cotton! And washable! Definitely Five Stars!
789. fit perfect would reccommend
790. For years we have used Redmond bentonite clay to make our homemade toothpaste, but when I came across this tooth powder I thought I'd give it a try. I love it! It makes my mouth feel super clean and healthy.
791. Product as described and fast shipping. Works great
792. This product works almost immediately to stop foot and leg cramps. Sometimes they wake me out of deep sleep and it's all I can do to hobble to the bathroom because of the pain and cramping. I rub this stuff on where it's having a spasm and within 2 minutes it's gone. Works every time
793. I've tried a few different kinds of bee pollen, and this is the most extremely delicious, compared to the bee pollens. It's nowhere near as sweet as honey, and it does taste very earthy, but this is delicious! If you like any healthy foods, then you'll love this.If you've never tried bee pollen before, or if it's been a while, then you're supposed to start out with just a few grains at a time, and then build yourself up to eating it by the spoonful. But, luckily I've build up a tolerance to it over the years, so I can eat a lot of it. It's great to just eat by the handful, except the granules are small, and a few of them fall to the floor. It's great in protein shakes. Even though they don't fully dissolve, then they naturally sweeten your drink. They're also great on ice cream, too. Basically, these mix well with everything, and they're also great by themselves.YS Eco is an Illinois company, so the closer that you live to Illinois, then the better that you get the &#34;local honey&#34; effect of helping with your allergies. But, I live all the way over in Utah, and this pollen still helps me out a lot with my allergies.I read some horror stories about other bee pollens, and so I've been meticulously checking this for bee parts. I'm pleased to report that this is only bee pollen, and doesn't have any bee parts in it. I highly recommend this.
794. I cant tell you how much I love this bangle I did not get my name on it.  I loved the word hope on it so I ordered it that way.  Because we all need hope in the world with everything that is going on!  Thank you so much!  I wear it everday and it holds up great!
795. I have a brain injury which has effected my short term memory.  I thought this might help and so far it has.  I feel like it is easier to concentrate and my memory has improved.  I haven't noticed any side effects.
796. It's such a simple design, but the material is so soft and provides great sound dampening. I highly recommend it for road trips and just day time naps. Great product!
797. This is an effective tool. My advice is to go ahead and buy the course or extra course rollers. The normal roller wasn’t effective and I didn’t or don’t  have problem feet. I am satisfied with this purchase.
798. AMAZING product!!! After years or battling with one toenail this was recommend by a doctor. Used several times daily and all clear!!!!!
799. This works well except the instructions are very vague. No instructions about how much anti-freeze to add, and leaks around the bottom of the control panel, but works as needed.
800. Works good!
801. I was pleased that this actually was compromised of firm plastic all over. I really like that the port where the oxygen is attached does not swivel.
802. Can't use, caused burning sensation like nettles.
803. LOVE!  I used it to create &#34;zombie flesh&#34; on a pumpkin for a pumpkin decorating context. I had never worked with liquid latex before, so followed some very, very good YouTube video tutorials. This product was so easy to use, and so effective with the look that I wanted to create (ripped, &#34;Walking Dead&#34; flesh)I could not be happier, especially as a novice.
804. So cute in cute mugs with gifts of hot cocoa bombs at Christmas. Loved the little added touch having super cute straws.
805. Recommended by my dentist. Works great. Prevents my gums from bleeding.
806. This does not work for me ,it did nothing.I gave it a 3 star for getting it fast.
807. My son was so happy when we received these. You would have thought he won the lottery when he opened up the box. They were used as toys in and out of the bathtub and he loved &#34;washing&#34; the dirt off the planes with water. Out of all his new planes toys since then he still loves these the best. They were a great deal.
808. Drop one tablet in the HE washer, and it it provides plenty of bleach.  No mess.  no fuss.  It is also effective as a cleaning and disinfectant elsewhere int he house.  With liquid bleach being so difficult to find, I highly rate these tablets.
809. Excellent product, did exactly as advertised. Was a little difficult to set up, but once I understood the instructions it took no time to install. I use it everyday and I find it very useful. “
810. Love these scrubbers, colorful and work well, NOT scented
811. Sometimes you never think about needing a really good Kleenex but when it’s needed or for people that we love need them more often than not it’s nice to know that we have puffs with lotion Because when your nose gets really sore from blowing it’s nice to know it gets treated a lot better with these.
812. i've just scrolled through many many reviews in search of encouragement - - and now ready to offer some - - i didn't find anyone like me - - - i emailed the company this morning asking for encouragement - but realize they are limited with so many ready to cause trouble and suchi am 60 years old - 65 year old husband - adopted 5 aned 8 year old grandsons - terrible healthy - organic - exercise - fresh juices -  healthy fasting - - - - - for 25 years - - - - - - terrible stress with daughter addict ending in her death and adoption of these boys - - for 10 yearsmighty big seek for full potential with energy - sleep - digestion - brain clarity - happiness - - over all health - - we need it - -received restore and started with 12 t. a day - - oooooo did we poke the bear! joint pain haulted us in our tracks - migraine like never before - - - - i will not stop!reduced and reduced dose - down to 3 drops a day for me - 4 drops for papa - 1 drop for each boy - - whew! manageable headaches - stiff neck - rabid stinkin thinkin - - sleepy sleepy sleepy - - and i gotta say increased cravings for candy ice cream and cookies - for me - - strange as i have had a clean diet - - gained at least 5 pounds - we've been taking RESTORE for 6 weeks - - i will not stop!softer feet - no allergies - tremendous sleep improvement - tiny - and i mean teeny weenie peeks at hope and happiness - euphoric kind of child like mind set - as it should be i believe - - all is wellsomething in that bottle is just giving me hope and making me believe - papa, too - - God help us - - will update when there is news
813. This is a super heavy duty set of nail clippers.  The tip is long and curved and works great for getting those ingrown nails.  The clippers are super sharp and cut nearly effortlessly. There are double springs for use with either hand,  The handles are very padded and very comfortable to use.  These will cut even the thickest grossest nails imaginable.  Even the cover is well thought out and protects the tips from damage.
814. I find this lion's mane powder in capsules to be very good quality. It has no taste that I can detect. I don't like swallowing pills so I open the capsules and dump the lions mane powder into another container and then add it to my coffee in loose form. The recommended dosage is 2 capsulesday and that's about the scooped amount I put in my coffee. Lions mane has many healthy benefits and my husband and I have been taking a blend of various mushroom powders, including lion's mane everyday for the past couple of years and both of us have not been the least bit sick since starting that. I think this is an excellent supplement.
815. It looks like chicken or turkey gravy but when you put it in it is cold for a while, which can be nice.
816. Great Item at a great price, thank you!
817. Easy to use, easy to move and fits my shower head perfectly.  I can put this holder anywhere in my shower tub combo and it will stay put.  I highly recommend it if you are taking care of rinsing off your kids in the tub or cleaning your tub or washing pets in the tub (to lower the handle).  Also, if you need a handle higher up in the shower (like for my giantly tall brother when he visits), not he can put the shower head at his height.  I highly recommend this product.  All pros, no cons for this product so far.
818. Worked Very well ! After gum surgery, light weight, easily placed where needed without adding more discomfort! & They R PINK!
819. Great brush!  I love dry brushing it is great for circulation and for cellulite.  This brush has a long detachable handle.  The handle is great for reaching your back or getting all the way down your legs with out bending over of picking up your legs.  It just makes the process easier.  The quality of the brush as a whole is great and I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a dry brush.Sample provided for testing and review
820. This was an awesome find. Lots of herbs, more than expected and packaged with great quality. I really enjoyed this. It's definitely giftable but I'd rather keep it.
821. Got to my house faster than expected and is exactly what I wanted. I would reccommend it to anyone, thank you
822. What we liked most was that it does an excellent job of cleaning your eyeglasses, better than anything we have used, BUT it is a two part system. First you use the wet one, then the dry one.  The wipes are very small and unless you have very small glasses, you cannot do both sides at the same time. So you have to decide if super clean glasses is your goal or a convenient one part glasses wipes are more important to you.
823. Would to have a lower strength, 1.75-2.00..
824. A bit expensive but well made and heavysubstantial with a nice cover. Having trouble with my hip and thisseems to help a lot both in my truck and at home in an office chair. I am happy enough that I'm going to orderthe larger my expensive cushion next.
825. It is awesome they came with cases for storage.I have very sensitive ears that hurt with the expanding kind. I have worn the swimmer wax ones but hated how they caught in my hair or dislodged over night. I work night shift so sleep in the day and cannot sleep through anything. Now I can.These are perfectly flexible and nice soft feel. Definitely reccomend!
826. I'm happy w the product, the price and the delivery speed
827. I think it would be better as a 'clear' product.  The bubbles it makes are a good indication that you're using the Rez Block..
828. I bought this thru their site, but i know everyone goes to amazon for reviews. I took it for a month with no difference whatsoever! If anything it just made my hair feel greasy.In addition to that the company that makes it is the rudest Ive ever experienced ! (The company not this seller just to be clear)
829. Product in perfect condition.
830. My daughter got this piggy when she was born and still has it but she wanted another given it’s been over 20 years!  The pig is the exact one she had since birth.
831.  I like this all in 1 shaver. I know it says for bald men but it works great on my legs, especially my knees because of the way the heads move all around and get close to the skin. It is also a trimmer, a hair clipper, a face massager, a nose and ear hair trimmer. It has a nice LED screen. It is recgargeable. It is well made and works great.
832. Reviews are correct the floss function is messy. Works well though.
833. Hemp goodness!
834. Great replacement
835. Yummmmyyy scents!!!! I could smell the delicious smelling scents even before I opened the box!!!! These bombs dissolve beautifully and  leave the room smelling great! Warning, I used one that had glitter and it was a bit messy... :).  I store them in a drawer until I go to use one so they can double as a sachet!!
836. Did not taste as good as the raw red maca from the Organique company. I might try the raw one from this brand and see how it goes. I use it to make tea . Love me some Maca tea.
837. I really like this large lunch bag. It is insulated. It has a smooth double zipper and has a small outer pocket. The top is hinged and opens wide. The handles are thin, but feel solid. It comfortably holds a 6 pack of drinks or a large lunch with ice pack. The grey color is neutral and pleasant. Highly recommend.
838. Love this stuff!
839. I have utilized this in physical therapy and was extremely excited to find it on Amazon. I will continue to use it on a daily basis to help strengthen my wrist and forearm. It has been a great addition to my  work out routine, but anyone considering purchasing this should check with their physical therapist or doctor first.
840. I'm giving this 5 stars even though it's mainly petroleum jelly.  I had always used the traditional, white diaper rash creams on my kids when they were babies and it wasn't until I used it on myself after getting chafed from a long hike did I realize that those diaper rash creams stung. I hope my babies weren't stung by the name brand diaper creams that were used on them but I wish I had the Petite Planet Multipurpose to use on them instead.  It's clear and has a nice scent, and though I don't know for sure, I doubt it will sting much, if any when applied to irritated skin.  I have used it on my hands, elbows and face and it feels fine, but greasy like petroleum jelly.
841. I love these but Tge are delicious… the price is too high here I can buy them at CVS for 14 the price
842. Didn’t cancel much noise and were uncomfortable when side sleeping. The stems seem too long.
843. I really like that this brand takes a broader approach to skincare, by including supplements as well as topical products. This biotin supplement blend has a lot of other vitamins that are also really great for hair, skin and nails. Personally, I take a lot of supplements, and I can find juggling supplement blends to be a bit of a hassle. But I wanted to give this brand a try all the way around, and I do think that this is a great blend for people who don't take a lot of supplements. Overall, I like it.
844. I have oily skin and it's so hard to wear makeup because it smudges and looks greasy after an hour or two. I've noticed a drastic difference with this! It keeps my oily skin matted for hours! You also don't have to use much at all and the bottle is bigger than I expected so it should last a long time.
845. Will be returning!! Does not fit my toothbrush even though my model was listed and now i cannot remove the head. Not happy!!!
846. CoQ10 is an anti-oxident that's produced by your body, but that decrease as we age. Taking suppliments is supposed to help maintain heart health as well as blood pressure, among other things. This formula touts itself as being water dissolvable and therefore has 3 times the absorption, so the 100 mg gel caps should be more effective than comparable brands. So far, it appears to be exactly as described, though sometimes it's difficult to tell with suppliments such as these. They're considered safe and have health benefits beyond even the heart health (which is enough).
847. It was strongly recommended to buy this when have total knee replacement but I found that I could just as easily slide on my pants and socks and that that stretching helped improve muscle tone.  For those with a back back or who simply cannot reach their shoes and socks, it can be a helpful tool.
848. The card holder section comes apart easily, the liners don't stay in to hold the cards in place. The magnet is not strong enough to hold the cover closed. I gave it away and ordered one from another company.
849. I like this therapy roll on.  The smell is great and despite not having any lemon oil it smells like lemon to me (Grapefruit and lime bergamot are the citrus scents in this plus a fir and peppermint).  I tried it out when I had a slight migraine and it didn't help but it also didn't make it worse.  I don't think it was designed for headaches so I'm going to give it a go on a non headache day and see if it helps with mood and alertness.  I like the smell a lot and expect it will help somewhat with mood improvement.
850. There is no way to thread the electric of a mask. Even following the directions on the site.
851. Good price, effective, refillable.  I use these for soft scrubbing cleaning.  Keep one in the kitchen and each bathroom.  I purchase the bulk bag of baking soda to refill the shakers.  A great companion purchase.  Add a little vinegar to the sink or whatever you are cleaning with baking soda for a disinfecting property.  All natural.  I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful.  And I hope this info was helpful to you!
852. Highly recommend! Works great. Quick and easy to use. Makes feet very soft. Would definitely buy again.
853. The limeade is a great flavor. It mixes well and tastes good with other flavors. It does have a weird smell that I can't place. I don't know if it's the coconut water, sucralose, BCAAS, or something else. It's not unbearable or even bad, I just don't know what it is. I would also like to know more about the quality of the BCAAs and how they are derived. This is also sweetened with Sucralose which isn't my favorite. Otherwise, I would give this five stars.
854. I wear compression socks everyday because I sit for 9 hours.  At the end of the day I've noticed that my feet and ankles are not swollen.  I get a lot of compliments on the design too.
855. has a pleasant smell without being overwhelming. took care of the odor in the shoes.
856. Perfect for its purpose and price!
857. I disliked because the bristles were so short it couldn’t clean the teeth
858. Not good since they changed the formula years ago, not the same effect
859. it isn't super effective.  it freshened up the garments a little bit but definitely not a substitute for dry cleaning.  i might use it in between dry cleaning to freshen up a dress, but that's about it.
860. It's like washing your hair with conditioner instead of shampoo.  I haven't noticed any huge difference, but I'm a senior and really can't expect miracles.  The fragrance is VERY LIGHT.  I have a lot of sinus problems, but this doesn't bother me at all.
861. Before you consume this, you might want to know that the dosage recommended by  Dr. Oz on his May 21 show, &#34;Craving Killers to Shut Down Your Appetite,&#34; is 50 mg. twice a day, which is a total of 100 mg. The product is described on this site as 800 mg per capsule, 1600 mg per serving, which would be 16 times more than what Dr. Oz recommends. I'm just relaying what Dr. Oz said. If you want to know more, ask him.
862. Helped when my husband hurt his hand!
863. This not only provides a nice scent, but it's also a great way to disinfect & remove wrinkles.Please Lysol, never stop making this, it's an amazing product!
864. It works, just not like the videos in my opinion.
865. Purchased for my wife. It is kind of a pain to fill and lug around but once she uses it her feet feel 100% better. Heat and massage are perfect and work exactly as advertised. Draining the unit is pretty simple with the attached drain hose.
866. Cheap, doesn’t get as hot as a regular flatiron, the “comb” is worthless. I have a short pixie and had high hopes for this. I normally don’t return Amazon stuff, but this thing was a joke and it just pissed me off before work. I can’t imagine this would straighten a course beard.
867. I like this water flosser because is small and perfect for travel. So I have one for home and this one when we are out of town.It has different settings that you can adjust the power.The water reservoir in smaller than others that I have, but that’s the same reason why it’s more comfortable for travel. It does not need too much space on the bag.
868. it was exactly what I ordered large enough to put all of my essential oil and more.lightweight and easy to store
869. Most sunshine lamps will burn out.  There is an exception, the model sold by Amazon.com known as Lights of America desk lamp.The Lights of America sunshine desk lamp last almost forever.  It is well made.The good thing about Verilux lamps is they are guaranteed for 3 years under warranty.The other brands inexpensive or high cost will eventually burn out.  Maybe in 3 months.  Maybe within 2 years.According to other reviews, and the company itself Verilux will replace their products.So although you may be paying more, it is well worth it.  Avoid the cheap lamps on Ebay or Amazon.com.If you need a floor lamp get the Verilux.
870. Perfect product, easy to use has great hold and has held up to my needs
871. Very nice bath brushes!
872. misleading advertizment
873. It took off discoloration PLUS removed material that wasn't removed by pixie cup wash or other wipes plus boiling. I did deduct a star because alcohol to wipe a cup that goes in a sensitive area is not the best.
874. I bought this to store my colored sequins as I am a crafter.  The compartments close well and stay closed till you open them.  Perfect for my use!  And, they would be perfect for medications as the compartments are roomy.
875. This is a hard review, as I can't see any signs that this is or sin't doing what it is touted to do. The flavor is not great, does not taste good or enhance anything. I think this would have to be used long term to be able to give a fair assessment of how well it worked as claimed.
876. Not really sure that this is doing anything that a wash rag doesn't. It seems to be making my skin flaky, maybe that is how it works, getting rid of old bad skin cells. I am hoping that it will get better, and there is a new younger me is under all that flaky skin :). so far, I haven't made up my mind, but I keep getting emails from the company, to review their product, so here it is.
877. I have used Gold Bond products for years.  Every one of them has been a winner and this is no exception.  I get those itchy summer dry skin patches that are so annoying.  I hate using lotion when it is hot (it just makes me fell sweaty and gross).  I have this a try and let magic all those itchy spots went away within 2 days.  The spray is refreshing and cooling and leaves no gross sticky residue.  I use it daily and have not had any issues. It also helps prevent sweaty chaffing when I'm out working hard in the hot sun.  Another winning product from Gold Bond.
878. The nail boards are excellent,very pleased....thank you
879. Convenient, stylish and practical. Often use it on my patients in clinics. Price is also fair. Looks like long lasting.
880.  There are 6 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set in the scents listed below.- Romance - La Vie en Rose- Optimism - Orange Juice- Happiness - Lemon Tree- Confidence - Grapefruit Punch- Acuity - Chocolate Mint- Tranquility - Purple LavenderEach fragrance is divine, smells fresh, and all the scents are different but they are only subtly different. These bombs are made with essential oils and they are large. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. One bath bomb dissolves in about five minutes in close to hot water. The fragrance is wonderful and the results are skin softening. I also love that the color did not adhere to my skin or to my foot bath; at least the color of the "Romance" bomb I tried did not adhere.The current price of $17.99 comes to $3 per bath bomb which is just a tad pricey but then again I feel these are better than most. This would make a wonderful gift.
881. I frequently cut my fingertips and I also have very dry skin which causes my knuckles to crack I use these quite a bit to help my fingertips and my knuckles, they are very handy
882. this is the only ones i use for my feet , soft and smooth and gentle for my skin under feet..
883. I have had my first pair on for about a half hour, the tops are already stretched out enough that both socks are around the top of my boots. $26 shot to h#
884. There are six medium, thick, and elegant birthday gift bags in this set. Also, there were supposed to be 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag but only 10 ribbons were supplied. This means one bag cannot be used because there are no handles for it. To assemble, it is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out.These bags are attractive and high-end. They are perfect for birthdays. Each bag fits two one liter bottles of olive oil with room to spare or it fits one bottle with lots more room to spare (see photo).   However, at the current price of $10.79 ($11.99 minus 10%) for 6 bags it comes to a pricey $1.80 per bag. Since I only received 5 usable bags in my set, it comes to $2.16 per bag.
885. I absolutely love these straws. I bought them to match some red & black party decorations & they matched real well. A hit at the birthday gathering I had.
886. Beware, these contain magnesium and maltitol both of which can cause gas and loose bowels. Nutrisystem uses Maltitol in products that require sweetners - do a bit of research. After two months figured out what was causing continual upset. Tore up my digestive system. Two weeks off products, back to normal. I did lose weight however.
887. These made my glasses stop slipping down my nose
888. This essener works as a mix of toner and essence.  It comes beautifully packaged in a sturdy glass bottle.  I use about a quarter sized amount of essener and pat it on my skin until it is fully absorbed. The liquid hydrates without feeling greasy or sticky.  It gives the skin added nutrients and hydrates.
889. Couldn't do without it.  It covers and protects the skin under Leuko tape.  Works great!!  Used in physical therapy.
890. Great product, helps with digestion and may help some with weight loss. For a few days so far so good.
891. My girlfriend is very particular about skincare and does the 10- 15 min daily cleansing morning and night, she told me she was interested in trying this product. After using this product I can see that she does not have any redness on the skin anymore. Her acne seems to have disappeared. She says she also uses it to remove make-up and it comes off very easily. After using the product she says she feels for skin is soft, smooth, and clear. She said she would recommend this product.
892. Colorful, sturdy, securely closing top, easy to find bright color!
893. I needed something to keep my medication and vitamins in. This is the perfect size, and I can see through it to help me find what I am looking for. I do wish it had a strap on it instead of just a handle on the side, but it still works so well.  It is also much sturdier than it looks, as the plastic is thicker than most plastic bags.
894. This stuff tastes great and gives you a little energy boost
895. great stuff , love this stuff
896. My toothbrush wasn't listed as one that is compatible but the others cost a fortune and this one looks identical so I took a leap of faith. It worked! I'm so glad the gamble paid off and it saved me a few bucks.
897. Doesn't work! on't waste your money!
898. Installed easily and has worked for several weeks now.  No complaints at all. Product did exactly what was expected.
899. I like that these BCAAs are vegan, flavored and contain glutamine. The apple is pretty good. It dissolves good enough to not leave chunks or blobs of powder, but it doesn't turn sheer. In total, these are pretty good, not perfect, but I've had much worse. I do think drinking this helps with my workouts and muscle building and healing.
900. This is a typical hardcover journal. It is nicely bound and has a ribbon bookmark so that one can locate the page of where they left off. It is also ruled. The only thing I do not like is that the date is on the right side of the odd pages. There is a date and page header on each page. On the left side of the book, these are located on the left. However, on the right side they are located on the right.  I would expect the date to always be on the left, no matter whether it is an odd or even page. It also would have been nice if they numbered the pages automatically since one is unlikely to remove pages from this nicely bound book.Other than this, this is a nice journal that is built to last.
901. Its simple but still holds everything. my bible and my notes. has many pockets too good for pens, papers and more.
902. Thanks to the VINE program for a complimentary bottle. A positive review is not required and all thoughts are my own.At my mom’s last doctor’s appointment, they did a bone density scan and it was recommended she get vitamin D as well as calcium.As we don’t go out much due to the pandemic, I thought this was a pretty good way of meeting her needs.The small, easy-to-swallow, capsules are a BONUS. As she lives with me, she hasn’t complained of; nor have I seen any; side effects.Manufactured in the USA and gluten free. The GF is important as she is trying to reduce her gluten intake.Pretty fair price as well.
903. I really wanted something to help me deep clean my scalp, so I bought this product.  it does a good job of scrubbing my hairline but when it comes to scrubbing the top of my head, all is does is tangle my hair in a  nice big knot.  No big deal, but I probably won't purchase again.
904. This tincture was suggested to me and I'm so glad! I'm detoxing and there is no aftertaste to cry about. This is a small company that obviously takes pride in their product! I will be checking out other products! Very good product.
905. I use Ciba Clear Care to clean my contact lenses every night. These are perfect when I travel!
906. I have a mild form of IBS and have been taking probiotics (in pill form) for years now. I thought I would try something different by using a chewable variety and I was thrilled when I saw this. I was a little skeptical with the title of 'Dark Chocolate' and it brought back memories as a kid of chocolate Ex-lax flavoring. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! The flavor of this chewable probiotic is absolutely amazing. It actually makes me look forward to taking my daily probiotic to help keep my IBS in check. Since taking this, I do feel better and my bloating issues have definitely decrease. As we all know probiotics are good bacteria and everyone (even without IBS issues) should be taking probiotics daily just to help your digestive system perform optimally. If you are looking for a type of probiotic that you can actually like taking, and you love chocolate, this Digestive Advantage Dark Chocolate will definitey fill the bill!
907. I've just started using these shrink wrap bags for my bath bombs. They are fantastic! The size is perfect, I can get 2 bath bombs wrapped per bag. The price is one of the best I've found! And the best part is that I'm not getting holes every time I try to wrap something.. with my previous bags, I would go through 3-4 on each bath bomb because they'd tear apart.. these are very sturdy and well made. You're not supposed to be able to smell through these but after a few days I can slightly smell my product through the wrap, which is great!Thank you, as long as the price stays the same I will continue to purchase these shrink wrap bags here!😊
908. Does what it's supposed to and how its supposed to.
909. I found these very challenging to read.  I really have no others to compare them to, but I'm thinking these are hard to read based on my experience and some of the other reviews.  I will be trying another brand.
910. I make my own DIY yoni steam blend and this herb was the icing on the cake!
911. Worked great, instant results
912. They charge quickly and easy to manage in one hand to get a great cut with edges.  The guards are perfect to blend and it's easy to clean.
913. I placed these High Arch Supports in my running shoes and I am really pleased. I have really high arches and place arch supports in all of my shoes so as to avoid Plantar Fasciitis which I am prone to. These arch supports are nice and high and cushioned and just right for me. Great cushion and great comfort.  Really pleased with this product.
914. Moringa powder is known for it's anti-oxidant properties, is an anti-bacterial and anti-fungal, also may help with cardiovascular problems and improve brain health.  I put some in a smoothie and couldn't taste it.  This Moringa powder seems to be very good quality and finely ground.
915. I saw a commercial for this Silicone Back Scrubber for Shower. I loved the way it lathered up on the commercial. It did not do this for me. I tried both sides. I tried more body wash. I tried rubbing the back scrubber against itself to create the lather. Nothing worked.I loved the feel of the little scrubbers and it may very well be a good exfoliator but that is about all it would be good for. The description for this scrubber said, "Improves vascular blood circulation, helps evenly distribute fat deposits, and release metabolic waste of your skin at the same time". I can't see that this will be effective.I will not be recommending this Silicone Back Scrubber for Shower to friends and family. I will be letting them know that the commercial shows a lot of lather but it did not produce that for me.
916. This airway tube is a great addition to a first aid or trauma kit. But one needs to be trained how to use it. In addition, the tube has an close expiration date. It comes in a sterile bag and made of medical grade plastic.
917. Love them. They are the best on the market
918. Great little trimmer for nose hair and also other smaller hairs on face and ears. Easy to use and charge.
919. Bought one at that Walmart for two dollars long ago.  Since then I've tried several others.  Came back to these and bought several, even though they are more expensive here.
920. Great deal on the 4 pack... considering buying 4 separate cases is typically $25 more.  Arrives fast!
921. Pregnenolone is a steroidal hormone with several powerful nootropic benefits. It is used as a focus booster, mood enhancer and energy pill. Recent studies have found it effective for improving memory, comprehension, and information processing and critical analysis.Pure Encapsulations Pregnenolone was suggested by my doctor who offers complimentary holistic medicine, when I was put on bio-identical hormones for menopause. They have improved my memory and my mood considerably since I have been taking them and are are great compliment to my other hormones.
922. Unless you are just loaded with money and don't mind spending $79.98 for a MONTH'S SUPPLY of this supplement, I'd find these components elsewhere for a lot cheaper.  Turmeric capsules are cheap and easy to find, Astaxanthin and Holly Basil Leaf supplements are cheap and easy to find, and probably Artic Pine too. No way would I buy this especially for the turmeric content.  I have bags of turmeric powder (can be found at a regular grocery store) and about a billion capsules of turmeric supplement and I know it's cheap to buy.  I also have a lot of holly basil and astaxanthin to take anytime I need it.  I'm sure the contents and bioavailability of these MOVE capsules are very good, and they're easy to swallow, but my cheapness just won't let me part with that much money for something I can get for less than half and more of it.
923. This product is meant for spraying surfaces that have already been cleaned, so it's not very useful as a cleaner.
924. Great Product!
925. I would rate 5***** except who can really verify absorbency?  The pepper extract is necessary for the curc to be absorbed usefully in the body.  Curc it's self has so many benefits that the list goes on & on.  We take it for the help with inflamation, joint support,, and general body well being.  Actually have been taking for over a year and believe whole heartedly in it.  Please do some research and find the benefits that can really help you!
926. I was worried about that sharp apple cider taste but to my surprise these were really good. I take it in two bites and you do get a whiff of the cider but that's it just a whiff. It also has pom and beet juice which is so good for your health. My hubby and I both started on these and within a couple of days we both just felt a difference, better lighter hard to explain but good! So came back and ordered 2 more bottles. This is one of those items really I'm really glad to take a chance on and be happy with the results.
927. Doesn't really do anything and it broke soon after purchase.
928. Updated:At first I really liked these sleep masks. I had to make a small adjustment, but they seemed to work well so I gave them four stars. Well, now that I have used it for a while, the red sleep mask leaves black marks from the strap all over my sheets. The black dye will not wash all the way out, so I have ruined a nice set of sheets. I don't know if this is the case with all the masks from this company or just mine. So beware when you purchase.These sleep masks are pretty good, especially for the price. You get two masks, two sets of foam ear plugs (which I don't use), and a carrying case. I really like that these are contoured over the eye area so there is no pressure on the eyelid. The only reason they didn't get five stars is the nosepiece. I found it to be a little too wide. I had to perform minor surgery and cut out a small v-shaped piece of material from the nosepiece in order to make the mask block out more light from the bottom and take pressure off the bridge of my nose. Now they work great, but I probably decreased the lifespan of the masks. But for the price, I don't think that will be problem Time will tell.
929. The sugar in this mix is "enzymatically modified stevia" That does not occur in nature, so in my opinion is not "naturally sweetened" as stated on the package (that is why I took off two stars). Initially I was not crazy about the flavor, you can easily taste an after taste. But this stuff really grows on you and I actually started craving it. It is now my favorite protein powder mix. I want to buy other flavors from this company. This review was written because they offered me a free container.
930. Love these!  They work so well and are faster at warming up than I thought.  The only problem I have is the zippers unzip easily, exposing the warming sheet.  Sometimes, if I leave the slippers out and people walk over them and hit the chord, the warming sheet comes out of the slipper complety.  It's an easy fix though -- just link a small zip-tie to each zipper on each slipper (hey, I made a rhyme!) and the warming sheet won't come out!
931. great for scrub making
932. I am heavier and this stool is very sturdy. Problem I found it slides easily on linoleum floors.
933. This is a good assortment of nice Christmas cards without sickly sweet catch phrases.  -Just your basic, good Christmas cards.
934. Great nail files!
935. I confess: I probably drink more alcohol than I should. Sometimes none, sometimes more than advised. Can you relate? (I'm sorry, but American politics drives me to drink!) I'm pretty good at eating healthy for the most part, but I do confess I love gin. I took just a plain milk thistle capsule for years, and that seemed to give me some protection from the occasional (or not so occasional) indulgence, but when I ran out I stopped taking it. And I've noticed my liver goes through phases of not being happy and acting up. Just a bad feeling, a nagging almost-pain.When I was offered this Total Liver formulation at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I thought I'd try it because I knew I needed to get back on something to help protect my liver. It's got the milk thistle I know from past experiences is very effective, but it also has other ingredients that have been scientifically proven to help protect the liver. The best protection, of course, is not to overdo, but if you're going to be bad, this formulation is a good insurance policy.I did try to take less than the four-pills-a-day dosage, but I didn't see any improvement until I took it as recommended. Then I started getting some relief from that crummy sluggish-liver feeling.
936. A small allen wrench has to be used to adjust the length of pencil sticking out of holder.  Not an easy task for a person with Parkinson's.
937. Super cute at first but turns ugly brown and stained the tub
938. They were OK but lost them easily since they are so small (Be sure to use the little case)
939. These worked well. They are thin and I stretched it too much, making the plastic wavy. Otherwise, it’s a great product.
940. Sprays on in a fine mist, love this!!
941. Moringa is so nutritionally dense that it's referred to as the "miracle tree". This powder is easy to stir into drinks, drink as tea, or add to smoothies. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
942. Super cute and big! It was a gift and she loved it!
943. We love this type of tissues! It’s super soft and we go through them like crazy. It’s great to be able to buy them in bulk for a great price.
944. Good probiotic but too expensive for what it does in my opinion.
945. I love this foot rest! I just moved from somewhere with a showertub combo to a place with a separate shower and tub, and was wondering if there were any sort of small steps I could use to make shaving easier now that I didn't have the bathtub ledge to rest of foot on. This works perfectly! I've used it several times now, and it feels nice and sturdy (though it's not meant for sitting or standing on!). I love the little section that's designed for a razor - I actually put my soap in there so it doesn't stick to the tile. It has holes on the bottom, so it will drain through which is a nice touch. I'd definitely recommend this!
946. Have purchased several times
947. There have been a plethora of supplements available on amazon that are clearly manufactured in China, with laughable Chinglish ad copy and over the top photos of usually blonde people having a great time. Some of them are downright poor quality, while others seem to be produced with more care and integrity. This falls in the latter category. An inscrutable part of the ad copy states: "Compare to physician formulated seeking health." There is a claim to check out their awards in the photo section, which reveals nothing more than badges stating things like "non-GMO" (without mentioning any of the governing bodies that regulate or oversee such claims), "100% guarantee," etc. It states the product is manufactured for a company in Florida.  There are 10 different commonly used strains; the capsules are on the larger size considering the dosage (10 B CFU). There is no indication that the product was designed to withstand stomach acid and deliver the full dosage to the gut, but is seems to work as expected. However, I take probiotics daily and have no major issues. If you suffer from IBS, frequent candida, or other serious issues, you might be better off with a more well researched combination from a reputable and well known company, but for ogeneral use this seems a decent choice.
948. Full disclosure, I got a huge discount to try these and review them. They are more than worth the discounted price, but not the &#34;list price&#34;, nor the &#34;price&#34; listed (and crossed out). They are probably worth the &#34;sale price&#34;.These bottles are solid blue glass. The blue is a vibrant, shiny blue.They arrived in great condition, securely packaged in the box. They are a great size for putting diluted essential oils for on-the-go aromatherapy.I cannot give them five stars because I prefer roller bottles with metal rollers because essential oils break down plastic over time. That isn't a huge issue as long as you make sure to dilute the oils heavily with a fatty oil, as suggested on the package. Don't make more than you would use in 1-3 months.Another thing that contributed to the reduction in stars was that the Amazon ad said that a free e-book was included. There was no information on how exactly to get the e-book.
949. My go to Chlorella brand is no longer available, but i found this one which seems basically the same (from the size of the capsule down to the MGs). I've been taking it for years for overall health benefits (b12, detoxifying properties, etc).  I like that this one is veggie capsules, non-gmo, and free of soy, dairy, and fillers. These are easy to swallow and digest and are ok to take on an empty stomach. They are also tasteless and don't cause any after taste or burps. Not sure where the chlorella is sourced, but It would be a huge plus if it was organic.
950. need to put liquid in a squeeze bottle or supply a eye drop to apply.
951. I thoguht allegra was working, but i am suffering allergies and its not working... added the nasacort as a last ditch... and its  not doing anything sigh
952. I got these for my daughter who works in a secure building and has to wear  badges and now a mask to work. She loves color and said these are awesome. She said the clip is great to keep the mask adjusted perfectly.
953. The first thing that I like with this brush is the color! It looks sleek in design. However, it is lighweight like an regular toothbrush and has smaller bristle heads you would think they are for kids. So it would really depend on your preference if you want those heavier regular or this. This would be good for kids though. Also, it comes with two boxes anda lot of extra heads. The originalcost seems to be pricey, also the sale price. But since you get two boxes with extra brush heads, it's a good value.
954. I like it. Easy to use. Dissolves and stays in suspension.As advertised. Better than expected.
955. This isn't a bad trimmer for the price. But I wouldn't describe this as "professional" by any stretch of the imagination. It's a beardsideburnhair trimmer made for the hipster crowd.The trimmer body is a cylinder that isn't very ergonomic in its design -- which a professional would definitely notice. The design is interesting and somewhat artistic in the darkish metal.The entire design of the trimmer is similar to the mercurial style known as "steampunk" in people who are familiar with that artistic genre. The metal parts made of dull metal mixed with shiny metal along with the etched artwork of a bearded man circa 1850 give it that touch. It would be a nice gift for that kind of hipster person on your list.It operates okay and has a few different interchangeable blades to adjust the trim length. It recharges via USB cable and has a blue LED display that goes to '99' when fully charged.There are a few things that make this less than a professional trimmer. First, the pin mechanism that moves the lower blade when the motor spins is exposed. This is to give it the intended style, but it also presents a hazard where hair can get caught in the exposed mechanism with a likely possibility of hair getting wound around it and yanked out. This is covered in every professional set of trimmers that I've seen and having it exposed would immediately put it into the category of "personal" rather than professional.The handle is made of a somewhat shiny metal, etched with the artwork, but it's a simple cylinder without any attempt to create a more natural fit for a hand -- in other words, not ergonomic for someone who would be holding it for long periods of time.The other thing is that the battery life is decent if you're using it once a day to trim up your Victorian era beard and moustache, but a professional might not like having to recharge it frequently depending on how much it's used. To its credit, though, this trimmer does have a display that will show when the battery is getting low, so that's a plus. It might just be attractive to a hipster barberstylist.One small nit-pick is that the blade cover is extremely tight-fitting and takes more than a simple flick of the finger to remove. I suppose that will get easier as it's used more, but I have to pry it off using a comb because my fingers aren't hard enough to get it to pop off.Overall, it's a decent value for the price, but definitely a novelty for the hipster crowd and not made for professional use. But because it works well enough and would make for a nice gift, it still gets a four-star rating.
956. These glasses have fantastic style and seemed sturdy. I had to return them, though, because I had trouble seeing out of the clear upper portion of the glasses. It was really distorted for me. Hopefully it won't be for you!
957. I was on the fence about ordering this. The reason I keep trying things is because I woke up many months ago with neck pain. After trying everything I could think of, I went to a chiropractor. His adjustments were helping me before insurance denial prevented me from going back. He gave me an exercise to perform where I had to roll up a towel, lay on the floor, and then put it under my upper back so that my neck was hanging back. That helped some but then I ordered the below devices. - 4 stars - 5 stars - 4 stars - 4 stars - 4 stars - 2.5 starsTherefore, I decided to add this to my repertoire. Even though the above "devices" were good, my neck pain never went away and always came back either lightly or in full force every morning after waking up. Therefore,  I decided to try this because a heating pad on my neck sometimes helps.This neck brace comes with three extra Velcro strips, a USB power cord (no AC adapter), and a manual. Only one of the Velcro strips can be plugged in for heat. The others are just used as extensions or as a magnetic therapy pad (which I think is hocus pocus). The neck brace is segment, so that I should be able to  flare out the bottom lower on my neck if I want less support rather than more support.  I tried this and was unable to get this to flare out. I was only able to use this in the strong support mode.I plugged this into my computer's USB port while wearing it. There is a control that allows me to have high, medium, or low heat. The heat is nice but it is only in the area where the heated extension strip is and not around the entire neck. Also, I do not find this too comfortable to wear. I think this will work with some but for me this is not going to be useful. In summary, I do feel this might work for some people but it does not work for me. The heated area is too small and the brace too tall to be comfortable since I am unable to bring it lower on my neck. The current price of $25.99 would be reasonable for this had it worked for me.UPDATE: I had my boyfiend try this and he hates it. He say it only heats in the patch area, which is true. He gives this 1 star.
958. Not impressed
959. If you only need a quarter of an inch expansion these probably work okay for anything more they just stretch out
960. I'm a 60 year old woman who has been fighting against extreme oily skin, acne and large pores since my teens. This product has absolutely changed my life.  I've been using it for six weeks. My skin is clear and radiant in a way it has NEVER been before. I am able to go without makeup now with no embarrassment about red, oily, blemished skin. I honestly didn't think that would ever be possible for me.The first week I used it, I diluted it 50% with witch hazel because of the way it made my skin burn and tingle. Since then I've been using it full strength morning and evening, every day. Sometimes I use it at noon if my nose and chin start feeling oily. During the first week a few pimples emerged, I think my skin was purging submerged problems. However those pimples healed incredibly fast.  The spots on my face from old healed pimples have completely disappeared. I no longer have huge greasy pores to contend with. My skin is soft and smooth and radiant. If I feel a pimple start to show up, it heals before it actually gives me a problem!This does sometimes make my skin burntingle rather unpleasantly, but it's only for a couple of minutes before that subsides. It's well worth the momentary discomfort!  Worth mentioning is that even when it feels irritated, I've never experienced any redness from using it (which I do with many other products). It doesn't make my skin dry and there has been no peeling for me.  It does burn unpleasantly if you get it on your lips, so I like to apply lip balm before using it.This is a superb product and an answer to prayers for me. I will be trying their other products to see if they are of the same quality. I consider it a bargain at any price and at this price it's a steal!
961. I found the liquid foundation I use didn't really blend in using the silicone sponge. It just kinda sat there on my face. Not like the brush. Luckily it wasn't too expensive. Lord knows I've spent more on products I've used once and threw into a drawer.
962. WORKED WELL-- DO NOT USE NEAR EYES--as they say.
963. I've had neck pain for years and lived on ibuprofen until I heard about Epsom IT. It works fast. My pain is gone in minutes and it lasts. No overwhelming odor and it isnt greasy.
964. :( nozzle won't stay on.
965. Smells great! I have to keep using to find how long it's effects last!
966.  There are 6 individually wrapped large bath bombs in this set in the shape of pastry shop delectables. Each bath bomb is fragrant but smells the same to me.I tried the one with the plastic rainbow on top. I had to be careful that the rainbow did not wash down the drain. The fragrance came through in the foot bath. The bomb dissolved in about 10 minutes. The performance was good with suds that lasted about 10 to 12 minutes. The end result of the bath was almost clear water that was a bright pink. There was no staining to my skin, my towel, or to my foot bath; at least the color of the one I tried did not stain.The current cost of $13.76 ($15.29 minus 10%) for 6 bombs comes to a competitively priced $2.29 per pastry bomb. These are nice bombs and definitely giftable. Performance is good enough and they are very fragrant.
967. Sticky enough to stay and enough to be kind in removing.
968. This product works, but it takes a lot, I mean a lot, of elbow grease even after it has had time to soften the sealer up.
969. My husband swears that this product plus vitamin b complex works like a banana bag you get from the hospital, when you are suffering from alcoholism. LolI’m not joking .
970. My 11 year was diagnosed with Sever's disease and these have worked so well to ease his heel pain. He has a pair in his regular sneakers and a pair in his tennis shoes. They have made a huge difference. I highly recommend for anyone who's child has the same issue.
971. Love it and does a great job but the battery's need replaced ever 2 weeks.
972. These are too short and cheap.  No real control possible.  I may use them for other applications than my ears.
973. Well-renowned probiotic for IBD other gastrointestinal issues.  Great because they are usually considered stable at room temperature, although sometimes they send them to you cold and then you think you have to keep them refrigerated.  Considering the relative low price, it seems like a good starting point on the road to recovery.
974. This face mask chain is awesomely perfect. As a cool high school teacher, I have a certain image to uphold. As a practical woman, I look for the best product to fulfill my needs. This face mask chain fits both requirements. This chain is my signature color - pink - and keeps my masks close and clean when I can slip them off for a few minutes when away from my students. This chain is the perfect weight; it doesn’t pull or weigh down my mask.I highly recommend this face mask chain!
975. I ordered this tourniquet to bring with me in my bag when I hike with my dogs.  Any of us could get an injury requiring a tourniquet.  It is a very handy thing to have with you.  This one is similar to the other tourniquets I have purchased. It is easy to use and light to carry.
976. It works great on my mat. Love the smell and the easiness of use. Put it in a spray bottle and bam! Clean and smelling great. The clean relaxing smell of Lavender! Still smelt great a week later! I will continue to use this!
977. These plastic storage cases are great for storing items that need to be kept dry and dust free.  They work well for masks as well as tissues.  There are little plastic edges on the insides of each case to secure items inside.  The cases are sturdy and hold up well to being in a purse and they are easy to locate with the bright colors.
978. Very cheaply constructed and did not hold together for my elbow-- would not recommend it
979. Works fine.
980. I wanted to replace the nylon poufs in my shower with something that would last longer. This is easy enough to use, but it is very soft and has ZERO scrubbing or exfoliating factor. It causes soap to lather up well. It's probably for someone with very sensitive skin who doesn't like exfoliating. I like that the back side can be used to massage the scalp. It would be better if this had a loop for hanging.
981. Decent kit, but the bristles on my brush are already bent.
982. I love this dryer, I'm not coordinated enough to use a brush and hair dryer at the same time. This makes styling and drying so much easier. It's also helpful to freshen up a look later in the day. It has 3 modes, cool, warm, hot. You can use this right out of the shower or use a blow dryer to partially dry and then use this blower brush.Great for a smooth look, have as much volume as you want.
983. I would love to give this higher stars but my body says 1.This powder has messed my with GI Tract and I spend more time in the bathroom because of it.Even at a half dose I have issues.Beyond that - the flavor is very sweet but not bad.When mixing with a blender bottle it takes awhile longer than I would expect but does eventually all get blended together.When drinking it feels a little thick but not bad.As far as results go.With a half dose my body felt more hydrated but not energized. My head actually felt fuzzy - it was harder to concentrate.With a full dose and a heavy exercise- my results were slightly better as far as my workout stats on my Apple Watch but not by much - not like the type of results I see when using a preworkout.My muscles didn’t seem to feel more hydratedI got this package in March 2020 and it doesn’t expire until 2022 so it lasts awhile.** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I've provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
984. There's no difference between the quality of these bags and the usual Ziploc bags, which is a pro -- I've found Ziploc bags to last the longest, and seal better than other brands. The Packers logo and color add a fun touch. The graphics are well done, colorful, and stand out well. There's some added cost to having the branding, but it makes what is normally a boring bag something that stands out.
985. They were melted when I got them.
986. These are essential for a permanent bandage need I have, that needs to be changed before showering.  I found them by searching for the product number. I'm glad to have found them. They are sterile and easy to use.
987. This mask is absolutely fantastic. Only problem I have is I've ordered 3 WHITE masks and have received 3 BLACK masks. The package even says WHITE. I'm not returning the black ones. But who ever packages them, should know.
988. Handle and back of bristles get hot enough to burn.  Qmaxx made a much better version.  It was made as a flat iron with teeth on one plate and receiving holes for the teeth on the other plate.  The outer material was heat resistant, and was much more difficult to burn your headhands.
989. I really enjoy the quality of this product! It isn't cheaply made and looks good! I will definitely purchase again.
990. I gave this to a friend with thinner thighs and calves. Do not recommend for heavy persons with added bulk in these areas. Sides of tub press uncomfortably against calves or can get only one leg in at a time. My friend wears a size 15 shoe and has ample room for his feet.
991. Best drink to bye
992. This is my second purchase of the tropical Saccharomyces boulardii yeast probiotic. This is not gut flora you are likely to acquire naturally in the western diet regimen. The yeast has delivered a noticeable reduction in night vurps. I seem to get these wicked revisits in spells for a couple of days. However, I can't recall an event since I've been taking it.Seems to have solved my night vurp situation.
993. I am enjoying this product so much.  It is something I use nearly every day and every time I do, I count my blessings.  The quality is exceptional and the cost is so much less than the small packages I have used in the past.  If you are after comfort, warmth, great price and superior customer service, you will find it all right here.
994. This protective placard holder is a very well made and thick plastic holder. Unfortunately the new North Carolina placards do not fit this well. The top of the new placards extend higher than the holders hook portion. You can still use it but it is a little more difficult to hang. This is not the fault of the manufacturer rather the fault of the state in its design! It does its job but if you have a new North Carolina placard be aware this will be a problem!
995. This creatine tastes terrible, but great results!
996. This is the third time I've either bought or been gifted Oak & Navy bibs and I love them.  Everyone in my mother's group raves about them too.  The designs are so cute and can be matched to any outfit.  The little cowl neck helps catch drool and random bits of food!  They're lovely quality and a must for any stylish little tot.
997. would not buy again. very small and too hard to use
998. I spent a little more on this item thinking it looked nicer and more substantial in it's product photo than the others like it on Amazon.  Was looking forward to receiving it.  It arrived about 10 minutes ago and when I opened up the package I was immediately disgusted.  It looks like someone took it out and rolled it in dog poop before sending it to me.  The label on it says 'new' but it has definitely been used for something.  I have never been disappointed in anything I've ordered off Amazon but I am a little angry and disgusted at the condition of this item.  Whoever shipped it had to have noticed it wasn't clean.  Honestly I want to just throw it away instead of going through the hassle of sending it back but I want someone to see what a filthy disgusting item I was shipped.Update:  The seller was nice enough to send me a new Footsie Roller without being asked to (which was very clean and nice), and a bonus scalp massage tool which is kind of neat.  The effort was very much appreciated and it shows that this seller cares enough to want to make sure their customers are happy.  Raising the rating to 4 stars because of the great response of the seller in trying to make things right.The new Footsie roller is very helpful when my plantar fasciitis acts up.  Perfect for massaging and stretching the affected area.
999. This is a good solid wedge. It is durable and wipes clean. It is higher than most which is what I needed. Great prodigy. Really helps my circulation when I sleep.
1000. Idea and concept great but the adhesion is very poor. In order to use these, I had to use glue to get them to stay on the shoes.
