1. My boss had one of these, but she moved upstairs so I couldn't steal it to use anymore.  I had to invest in my own.  It's nice that it breaks down so if I need to take it with me, I'm not carrying a huge plastic &#34;S&#34; down the hall.  Works really great.  PAY ATTENTION TO THE INSTRUCTIONS - if you press too hard, you will bruise yourself and not notice for several hours!
2. This isn't a bad trimmer for the price. But I wouldn't describe this as "professional" by any stretch of the imagination. It's a beardsideburnhair trimmer made for the hipster crowd.The trimmer body is a cylinder that isn't very ergonomic in its design -- which a professional would definitely notice. The design is interesting and somewhat artistic in the darkish metal.The entire design of the trimmer is similar to the mercurial style known as "steampunk" in people who are familiar with that artistic genre. The metal parts made of dull metal mixed with shiny metal along with the etched artwork of a bearded man circa 1850 give it that touch. It would be a nice gift for that kind of hipster person on your list.It operates okay and has a few different interchangeable blades to adjust the trim length. It recharges via USB cable and has a blue LED display that goes to '99' when fully charged.There are a few things that make this less than a professional trimmer. First, the pin mechanism that moves the lower blade when the motor spins is exposed. This is to give it the intended style, but it also presents a hazard where hair can get caught in the exposed mechanism with a likely possibility of hair getting wound around it and yanked out. This is covered in every professional set of trimmers that I've seen and having it exposed would immediately put it into the category of "personal" rather than professional.The handle is made of a somewhat shiny metal, etched with the artwork, but it's a simple cylinder without any attempt to create a more natural fit for a hand -- in other words, not ergonomic for someone who would be holding it for long periods of time.The other thing is that the battery life is decent if you're using it once a day to trim up your Victorian era beard and moustache, but a professional might not like having to recharge it frequently depending on how much it's used. To its credit, though, this trimmer does have a display that will show when the battery is getting low, so that's a plus. It might just be attractive to a hipster barberstylist.One small nit-pick is that the blade cover is extremely tight-fitting and takes more than a simple flick of the finger to remove. I suppose that will get easier as it's used more, but I have to pry it off using a comb because my fingers aren't hard enough to get it to pop off.Overall, it's a decent value for the price, but definitely a novelty for the hipster crowd and not made for professional use. But because it works well enough and would make for a nice gift, it still gets a four-star rating.
3. This is a good idea in theory, but poorly executed.There's not much in the way of Pros, and many Cons.Pros:  - 1. Washable and reusable  - 1. As others have mentioned, this opens up the sides of the mask so so much that it effectively means that you're getting unfiltered air coming in.  - 2. These don't fit an adult face unless you have a small chin. To get the mask to cover the nose, the bottom edge of the mask will press into your skin above your chin and below your bottom lip. It's not a super sharp plastic edge, but it's enough to make a mark when you wear it for a while.  - 3. There's nothing to attach this to the mask, so when you remove the mask, this will fall off onto the floor or the ground unless you remember to catch it as it falls.  - 4. It doesn't work with regards to preventing your exhalation from fogging up your glasses -- it does reduce it a tiny bit, but not nearly enough to be useful.I really wish this worked as described, although it might work for children. Hard-pass on this particular mask insert. We'll see how some of the others work.
4. Looking forward to using this product in a couple of weeks.
5. Removes all kinds of organic stains, good for cradle to old age. I don't mean the product is organic just that it removes non chemical stains.
6. Good lasts longer than Santevia says so worth the $$
7. I think it takes a while to seefeel the effects. my knees MAY be feeling a bit better. Rating may change as I use it longer.
8. Cleans pontoon boat easily.
9. Works great!
10. A bit more $$$ than the average pill holder but it IS worth it. Very sturdy clips on each compartment that should travel well. Easy to open, nice spring action too. A unique front facing design so you don't have to turn it around for night and day pills.
11. Eating a few Medjool dates for dessert with orange slices works a lot better and is much less money.
12. I just love my Berger lamp and I also like the scent of Ocean Breeze fragrance .  It's not too strong or sweet-just right for me.
13. Wow, you gotta love a product that cleans eyeglass lenses and they stay clean all day! Even quickly gets rid of tough stains! Love love love these wipes!
14. Works fairly good but rides high. If you have a long torso look elsewhere
15.  I bought this unit because I have a lot of shoulder and neck pain. This is my second TENS unit and it is definitely better than the first one I had. I am very nearsighted and 70 years old and I can easily read the screen on this one. I don't have to get out my magnifying glass to read the screen,  which is very important when you're uncomfortable  and trying to get some relief.It arrived packaged very well as you can see from the video I attached and even fits back into the box which is unusual! I will keep this unit and a few pads and the manual in the enclosed pouch and store it right by my recliner. That way I can keep the box in my closet and just have the tidy pouch sitting right by my chair where I need it. I usually use the pads for 30 minutes and find that my neck and shoulders are much improved. The pads stay sticky after many uses so this unit will be by my side for a long time! My sister tried it out  I was so impressed she pulled out her phone and ordered one right from the recliner! This saves me a lot of trips to the chiropractor and lot of co-pays.  It definitely pays for itself quickly. It was an excellent purchase.
16. Love that it has the clip catcher.  No more having to go outside or over the bathroom sink when clipping my nails.
17. Great transaction and product..would buy again.
18. Mybat is once again perfect for my new phone...3 phones in 5 years. The phone cover is 13 of the price at the phone seller place.This is my second Mybat phone cover and perfecto again.  See you again in two years, I hope.More.  Ok.  The cover flips over the phone and the inside has 3 sections to drop a credit card  or a pic of your pet armadillo.
19. A single tablet is plenty for a cup of coffee.I think these are a bit sweeter than the same size Splenda tablets.This is great for home or an office desk drawer.The cylinder container is the diameter of a U.S. quarter.(I have re-ordered two more 1200 tablet containers.  I  take them with me when I travel.
20. Great product and fast delivery. Look forward to next time
21. Bought for my daughter  she loves it
22. Great tissues for cold and allergy seasons
23. It works well, glad I got it. The jets work nicely. I like the option of high jets or lower yet. Easy to instal. The suction cups hod the jets we'll
24. its good, just not worth the price imo, better off with 2 20 dollar kinds stacked on top of each other :
25. They do their job. Gosh they are difficult to keep track of when doing laundry. I lost three of them on my first use. I am certain they figured out where all the odd socks were hiding and decided to keep them company. I found two in my husband's t-shirt drawer. One was in the dog toy basket. They randomly turn up when I least expect it. Overall, they are okay, but the larger ones are easier to find in a wad of laundry. The noise is there, but the trade off for smaller laundry balls is they aren't as loud as the bigger ones.I did notice that when I washed the dog blanket, the laundry balls were wrapped in dog hair. Gross, but at least it wasn't still in my washing machine.
26. Saw zero difference didn’t work for me
27. They are Ziploc and work great.
28. I’m only giving it four stars instead of five because all the pills from both bottles fit into one so it’s kind of a waste of bottles, but this is a great supplement. No garlic taste afterward and they go down like a breeze.
29. This is significantly larger than most adjustable adult collars, and after having it on for only a half hour, the Velcro that the strap attaches to came off. Not nearly as good as the ones we used to keep on the ambulances. (I’m a former EMT in one of the busiest jurisdictions in the country, just for some perspective.) I’m really only giving it two stars because it’s nice to see one in olive drab instead of blue and yellow.
30. i paid more money than i want to admit for a custom acrylic tub in a 35 year old bathroom.  it can only be cleaned with vinegar.  yeh.  so this hella expensive tub is a pain... until i got these magic erasers. oh em gee, the scum just rolls off the tub and it looks brand new.  i do not know how i would keep it clean without them because vinegar is a great cleaner and i use it a lot, but you need something to &#34;scrub&#34; with that won't scratch.  voila!
31. These work great, as expected.
32. Not bad, fits fine, i would prefer softer material. The material.
33. First, the good: This product comes in a package with a roller ball in it, so it is easy to apply topically. The bottle is dark, so it protects the oils inside.Now, the middling: The scent is tolerable, but not particularly mind blowing. It doesn't last long.Finally, the bad: I didn't notice that this blend of essential oils really did much for me. It certainly didn't offer me any relief, mostly because it wasn't strong enough to last for any length of time. I won't be buying this product again.
34. I got this blend because I thought it would help me fall asleep faster. It doesn't. It does have a pleasant aroma and applies easily with the roller ball. But aside from being a pleasing fragrance, I must say that it doesn't really do much for me, so I won't be ordering it again.
35. Ever since the pandemic began, we have been taking D3 pills religiously. However, not all of them are created equal. These are very good, however, and are easy to swallow, leave no bad aftertaste in your mouth, and are small enough they don't choke the Mrs. Most of all, they are strong enough (5,000iu's) to keep pretty much any nasty germ at bay. Granted, it's not guaranteed to prevent you from catching COVID, but every little bit helps, right? We haven't gotten the virus yet (knock on wood), so we will maintain our regime and take these for as long as it takes to be safe again. Good health to you!
36. I love these tissues because when I get sick, my nose always gets raw and the lotion in these helps banish the redness I typically get. They are ultra soft and absorbent, and the boxes are small enough to keep one in every room of my house. The boxes themselves are pretty enough to display without a tissue box cover, and I love that they pop up and are always readily available. Whether you're battling allergies or the flu, make sure you have plenty of these on hand because you'll be hard pressed to find a better product.
37. I love this! It's the perfect size to fit over my scooter
38. I've only taken it about 4 days and can already tell the difference.  Thank you.
39. I use these every day!
40. It leaked all over but the product is great.
41. I wasn't to happy with this purchase as it's just too hard and not comfortable.  If you are not using it as a neck roll then perhaps it would work for you, but if you are it wouldn't be the right purchase.
42. Everyone that comes into my house comments on how good it smells when I use Tis the Season
43. Item as described. Would do business with again.
44. Handle and back of bristles get hot enough to burn.  Qmaxx made a much better version.  It was made as a flat iron with teeth on one plate and receiving holes for the teeth on the other plate.  The outer material was heat resistant, and was much more difficult to burn your headhands.
45. Seems like a lit of New hair growth, lots of new 1&#34; pieces.
46. Very comfortable
47. Weren’t sticky
48. I've been trying new dental products lately looking for something more natural that works. I won't be ordering this again though. It is not offensive in any way. I just don't care for it. It doesn't have much flavor or leave my breath fresh. It's crumbly and the bits can easily slip out of your mouth while brushing. I do use an electronic toothbrush though so maybe with manual it might work better. It's just not for me.
49. It's worthless
50. Nice scaleShould have included batteries
51. Wonderful so far!  This is not for taste and enjoyment people! It is for healing.  So just suck it up in lemonade or put it in a capsule!  Please Samsara, do not change the formula!
52. I also used it as a tincture with charcoal powder for a wound.  It worked very well.
53. Good stuff
54. Works very well just wish the stones were more comfortable
55. I’ve had them for a day and I LOVE them, I work outside all day and it was a pain to keep switching from my sunglasses to my readers now I don’t have to unless I’m in a poorly lit place I highly recommend them 😎
56. Loved the how well the cleaners worked but only like the lemon smell the lavender or whatever the purple bottle was had a horrible smell
57. This is just plain great stuff. My hair, nails and overall improvement in health can attest to that! It tastes great and given enough time to dissolve into whatever you are putting it in, is nearly clear. It takes longer to dissolve in cold beverages than hot and if you don't mix it thoroughly enough it'll get glumpy and stick to the spoon until it dissolves. Patience, it's worth it. I highly recommend this product and have already made numerous orders. We even sprinkle it on the pet food for the cats and the piggy!
58. Not worth the money very small idk how this got good reviews
59. Very small don’t be fooled by the picture you are getting what you pay for though
60. These are really well put together. They have three individual pockets inside and hold a standard capsule.
61. It was a nice bathbomb. However when it arrived it was broken.
62. I honestly cannot say I have really used it to vouch that it’s sturdy on any actual use but I can say that when I received it I “inspected” it thoroughly and I found it to be very sturdy. The snap on the outside of the case snaps very securely & doesn’t pop open wthe slightest touch. The size is perfect especially for a 4 compartment sleeve, I’ve always found that either the individual compartments are really small or REALLY big! If I’m gonna be out for the day I will take the sleeve for that day in my bag & bc of the bright colors I don’t have to rummage through my bag to find it (impressive bc my bag is always full of a bunch of junk) I also have times where I will be gone for several days so I will take the whole case & it fits in my bag wno problem (even wall of my junk in it)So I’m really happy wit for 2 reasons #1- the BRIGHT colors have made my life so much easier to find wout having to take everything out of my bag!#2- I really like the fact that there is an outer case that snaps securely so I don’t worry about dropping it & all the individual sleeves popping open & then have to spend 15 minutes on trying to find every single pill which usually involves moving all of my furniture bc my floor is hardwood so I don’t even have carpet to help it stay relatively in the same area where I dropped them.
63. I bought this after reading the positive reviews. The first use and I had major razor burn. Granted, I do have sensitive skin, but according to other reviews and the description I didn't think that would be a problem. Unfortunately I was wrong. This may be good for others, but definitely not for sensitive skin.
64. Product is cheap and don't trust fake reviews.  Worked twice before electronics gave out..  complete waste of money and manufacturer doesnt stand behind products
65. This has GREAT sounds, but you can't lower the volume low enough when your trying to sleep at night.  Even at the lowest volume, it is REALLY loud.  It was so loud, my wife got up to sleep in the spare bedroom.  I returned it the next day.
66. I thought this would on my title but falls off every time.  Tried putting mounting tape on back thing that might work but it won't stay on.
67. Amazing, compact, powerful
68. Good for the Money fast ship effective trimmer for the money
69. I bought this on a whim.  I have been to the ENT and she advised me should would not ablate the crypts causing the tonsil stones.  She suggested a waterpik with some special tip.  I have a waterpik but this doesn't work that well to get the stones removed.  The Tonsil Stone Removal Tool with LED is really a blessing.  If you have tonsil stones that drive you nuts, this is the tool for you!
70. I had surgery and it was painful for me to sit for long periods of time.  I decided to try one of these cushions and it helped me so much.  I was able to sit for several hours a day as long as I was using the cushion. Now that I am healed I still am more comfortable using the cushion and will continue to use it from now on.  It was worth every penny I paid for it!
71. Been On  Phytoceramides for almost 1 year, started with a very pricey brand, so I decided to  research for a less expensive  alternative  without sacrificing quality  While on  Amazon, came across Herbal Nutrition,  caught my attention because  their product  are 100% natural plant base , same  % active ingredients ,  the only difference is bottle and the price.  The expensive phytoceremides comes in a translucent plastic bottle and 39.00 dollars per unit.  Herbal Nitrition, comes in a white plastic bottle and  For two bottles paid half the price .  Orders are processed and delivered quite quickly .  Excellent product!  As long as I use this product will be loyal to Herbal Nutrition LLC.  I would like to add that I was not rewarded by any means  by Herbal Nutrition that my reviews is for the purpose to help others to get an excellent product for less based on my personal experience!  My only regret Is they just added a new  phytoceramide facial cream and wasn’t available when I  made my last order.  But will definitely try on my next order (hopefully  special offer will be still available or maybe it was but my husband didn’t pay attention to that, Haha)
72. I've had this table a couple of years. Cons: It has a permanent &#34;lean downward&#34; towards the center of the bed. Also, one of the legs kept sliding down (the button kept slipping instead of staying in the hole) causing that side of the table to cave, and everything would fall off. My husband drilled a hole and screwed that leg permanently at the level of the other leg. IF the manufacturer wanted to improve on the design, they could insert corner supports under the table top where it meets the legs. That could prevent the &#34;sag&#34; or lean downwards towards the center of the bed. The other way it could be permanently improved would be to create the table-to-leg at about a 50 to 55 degree setting instead of the 45 degree (which causes the sag). Even placing diagonal metal supports from the legs to the table would keep the table up and horizontal to the bed. Pros: It's very easy to slide out and replace when you need to change sheets. The table top also has a &#34;lip&#34; all the way around that helps keep items from sliding off the table. It's lightweight, easy to clean, doesn't rust (we live on an island) and you can place it closer to you or farther down the bed, wherever you want it without any trouble at all. If you do spill anything (remember the lean?) you have more time to mop it up because of the lip around the top.
73. I ordered this because it just Bring memories. My grandma was a natural healer used nothing but herbs and spices. Once she passed my mom tried ans loves it. I could never find it in my local store.
74. Bought this as a gift for a hockey playing 12 year old grandson.  Since we have the Blue Orange version, I know he will love playing it with teammates on their trips out of town.
75. Love this product
76. This is the perfect item for those whose vision is impaired.  My step-mom has macular degeneration and this was ez for her to operate.
77. A small allen wrench has to be used to adjust the length of pencil sticking out of holder.  Not an easy task for a person with Parkinson's.
78. Was suppose to come with a case and it didn't and it doesn't work good at all.
79. It works alright if you use alot of soap. Without alot of soap it can drag and pull on the skin. It also doesn't make alot of bubbles which can matter to some people. The eye hoke makes it much easier to hold onto as when you use alot of soap it gets very slippery.
80. I have ordered these twice and really like the soft packaging.  It is perfect for the car and any other place in the house. The quality is great and the price is great.
81. I have been suffering from anemia and decided to try and add some iron tablets to my regimen. I like the fact that they have not upset my stomach or had any type of reflux with them.
82. Paper is awesome.  Arrived 2 days early.  I can't wait to dig in,  valentine cards, alot. Thank You so much for a perfect product
83. Long and sturdy brush that’s Easy to clean. Works great and quality Looks long lasting.
84. Good price for 3 bracelets. Quality is good
85. they are a nice size and stay moistened and are easy to use
86. I liked the flavor, I disliked that it is hard to mix without lumps. I just mixed with a spoon, a blender would probably do a better job, but to much trouble.
87. Works great it’s the packaging they put it in a huge box with other items that I didn’t know was in there and it’s so small just threw the box away no idea it was even there! Then had to buy again!
88. Pads are a bit small but they work well. Refreshing and non-irritating on my sensitive skin.
89. Not sure why this product was even invented when any soap and water will do the same thing.  I washed a green (acrylic paint) stained acrylic-bristle brush in this and it did not get rid of very much of the green paint.  I went back to my regular hand soap and hot water to get rid of most of the rest of the paint.  Too bad, it’s less messy than my method, but not as functional.
90. These gloves fit as expected.  I use them mostly for household chores but will use them for washing things outside such as vehicles and patio furniture once the snow thaws and Springtime arrives.  I have no preference for either lined or unlined.  I especially like them for washing fragile glass items because even in soapy water the gloves keep the glassware from slipping out of my hands.  I also like the length for protecting my hands and forearms while reaching into a bucket.
91. As a woman, I love the convenience of Lady-Comp (LC) and the fact that it has no negative side-effects. It's the only "contraception" (i.e., natural family-planning method) my husband & I have ever used, and we've been married over a year without pregnancy. [2013 update: we've been married over two years now and still no pregnancy, LC works great]This little computer is so effective at learning my cycle that a day before my period it flashes a blinking "M" to alert me that I will menstruate soon. It's very accurate. I have irregular cycles, yet LC is smart enough to take that into account and still pinpoint my ovulation day.Supposing you take your temperature with LC daily as instructed (which is then stored in its memory), my personal conviction is that, barring a miracle, it's impossible to conceive when LC gives a green light after your ovulation.With LC, a green light means "Go ahead; you're not fertile," a red light means "Wait! You're fertile!" and a yellow light means "You might be fertile. If you don't want to conceive right now, you should wait until it's green."My husband & I purchased our LC from RaxMedical; their customer service is unparalleled. A staff member instructed me over the phone how to enter my data into LC and answered all my questions.I have never used any other method because for me it was never an option to put something in my body (such as the pill, IUDs, injections, etc.) that would negatively affect my reproductive health. With LC my health, hormones, and fertility are intact. It's a completely natural method, yet with a high-tech twist.LC is slightly larger than a DVD in circumference. It looks like a little flying saucer, especially when its light is blinking :o)Mrs. Thomas
92. A good bath brush. The handle is nice and long snd we’ll built but a little heavy which makes it sturdier
93. These inserts are exactly the correct height and I wear them almost every day. Wish i had found them sooner.
94. Love the packaging for travel. Since a little goes a long way, you will probably get more from this pouch than you think.Easy to dispense. Doesn’t irritate my dry  sensitive skin. Has a slight scent that fades quickly + didn’t trigger any migraines (always a win from something with fragrance).The lotion itself is nice. Easy to blend into the skin. Makes my skin feel pretty nice. The best part though, is definitely the packaging. Besides being travel  storage space friendly, you don’t have to put your fingers into a jar and so you’re not contaminating the rest of the lotion every time you use it.
95. Typical plastic pill boxes.  I put the one capsule rx I take in this.  First I just dumped a bunch in loose and counted.  Every time I tried I fit 20 or less.  I also fit 20 perfectly when I organized them neatly.  Then I realize my probiotic capsule was just a touch larger so I tried those.  I could only fit 16 of those.  Either way, these are a nice size for storing things like OTC pills or prescriptions in your bag without having to take full bottle and without having to rely on the more expensive individual travel packs.
96. I should preface this by saying that I have never used a shampoo brush before, so I have nothing to compare this one to.That said I really like it.  I have short damaged (Bleached) hair.  While I was ill and couldn’t really leave the house for a few months my short pixie went from cute to shaggy and uneven.  Part pixie, part shaggy, nearing a pretty standard bob length.  Decided I should get a few things to help spoil it while trying to grow it for awhile.  First up was a oil.  While researching that I noticed some folks who swear by these for scalp massages  to help with shampooing.  I generally use a bar shampoo so I wasn’t sure this would  be great for me, but I love it.I saw some reviewers concerned that the bristles are too soft.  I suspect that’s a personal preference thing.  We had a similar pet brush that did have harder bristles.  Before using it on the cat, I tried it on me and did not like it.  I do, however like these bristles.  Now I’ll add that I have sensitive skin, so maybe with someone who can take a lot more abuse than I can, the harder bristles would be better, but for me, these are just right.Do they help promote hair growth?  Who knows.  I’m not going to be measuring my hair.  Do they give you a nice little massage as you work in your shampoo?  Yes.  Do they make it easier to work your shampoo into every little hair on your hair?  Seems to.
97. I use this in banana and almond milk smoothies.  It adds a nice color.  The taste isn’t overpowering but if you don’t like beets, you probably won’t like this.  The packaging is good, but on occasion I do find that the power gets stuck in the zip closures (if that happens I just transfer it all to a glass jar).
98. Little to no taste.  I just added the powder to smoothies and it was fine.  Didn’t really alter the taste of the smoothie at all.  The bag is a decent quality, but I find these fine powders sometimes get stuck in the zip lock so dumping them in a jar has been my preferred storage way.
99. Okay the flavor on this one is intense.  It’s strong enough that I find I don’t want to chew it very long.  To me that’s much better than the usual weak flavor, but is something to consider if you don’t like a strong flavor.  The flavor sticks around awhile.The packaging is recyclable (I use them for storing small craft items in).
100. Tastes good.  Kind of a subtle nutty flavor yet with a hint of sweetness.  Comes with a tiny scoop that fits one serving (about a teaspoon).  Haven’t used other brands of maca powder but this seems to be of a good quality.
101. I'm not keen on this.  I love Perlier products and have used two others in the past.  But this Honey Liguria doesn't have much of a scent.  I like these bath creams scented.  I've been tempted to return it, but then , it does leave the skin soft and smooth.
102. I have placed two orders of these roller bottles and love them.  They are wonderful and have been a lifesaver for me when I wake with cramps or aches in the middle of the night.  I also take two with me when I leave the house.
103. Very nice and workable bottles for making oil blends. I love the cobalt blue also!
104. When I can’t burn sage, I will use this.  Great smell too!
105. I wear compression socks everyday because I sit for 9 hours.  At the end of the day I've noticed that my feet and ankles are not swollen.  I get a lot of compliments on the design too.
106. product is amazing thank you
107. Best reading glasses, ever. Very durable. Will purchase only these reading glasses in the future.
108. Bought the 2 pack, one for my 94 year old grandma and another for my nephews. Only used it with my grandma, but I know my nephews will get a kick out of it too. I used to have them when I was young. My grandma and I both enjoyed them. Keep in mind the measurements, they're pretty small.
109. I'm trying to find products to replace all the plastic soaps. I liked these they just don't last very long so for the price it doesn't compete just yet with the plastic liquid soaps. I'll keep trying others to find one.
110. Given as a gift. Much appreciated and comfy for patient.
111. The oil doesn't absorb too quickly, but I really like the scent and how it makes my skin feel. The smell reminds me of sensual jasmine.
112. Didn't help with my pain and now the string through the beads is breaking.
113. My husband had to try this product for me.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than leave my review on this product  LFI Boost For Him - Get Bigger, Thicker, Stronger, Harder, and Fuller; Last Longer, Finish Stronger, Your Complete Male Enhancement*  Well after I order this product it came quickly.  It was packaged very nicely.  We read the directions on the bottle and he took the pills as recommended.  This product claims to Gain an edge - Boost For Him delivers a substantial sexual boost. It also claims that Muira Puama is one of the most active botanicals with a long history, known in some circles as &#34;the miracle of the Amazon&#34;; Tongkat Ali's primary use has been to promote healthy libido and support normal hormone levels in males. Maca works to support healthy testosterone levels thereby increasing energy, stamina and vitality. L-Arginine produces nitric oxide which improves circulation for solid erections.*  Well after reading this my husband thought it would be a great enhancer.  He also like the other benifits that said it would make you have a  faster metabolism, and increased testosterone. Feel younger, get better workouts in the gym, stay more focused and energized.  Well who would not want a faster metabolism when you get older it does slow down.  It also is  100% natural.  Well my husband took these pills for awhile and I can say our sex life was great.
114. I take Hyaluronic Acid everyday.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than write my review about. Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid 460mg with Methylsulfonylmethane - Improves Symptoms of Joint Inflammation, Alleviates Muscle Soreness, Maintains Healthy Skin.  I have been using Hyaluronic Acid for awhile to help with my hip pain and it really seems to help..  A side effect is it improves your skin and gums. This products claims to  IMPROVES SYMPTOMS OF JOINT INFLAMMATION - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules could be your best choice when there is too much joint pain and you want an effective, safe and natural product to help ease the symptoms. Hyaluronic acid (HA) keeps the fluid in between your joints healthy and viscous, thereby making the fluid an effective lubricant. A decrease of this fluid due to aging or joint disease will cause inflammation, pain and eventually joint degeneration.Well i think this claim is true it really helped me with my hip pain.  I can exerciser now with no pain.  Also it claims to ALLEVIATES MUSCLE SORENESS - The muscle soreness caused by the inactivity of a painful and inflamed joint will be eased the natural and safe way by taking Pure Science HA capsules. Limitation of joint movements can weaken the muscles, damage the joint and sets a cascade of further physical problems. Hence, taking an effective supplement early on to address joint problems can prevent muscle soreness caused by inactivity.  Well i do try to keep active so my body does not shut down.  This product helps with that.  It also will help MAINTAIN HEALTHY SKIN - Let's face it, the inevitable signs of aging will eventually show on our faces. But there is hope for that sagging skin with Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules, that can improve the elasticity of your skin. HA helps your skin retains much needed moisture that normally declines with age. that is so true. This product is  NATURAL AND SAFE - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid Supplements, an all natural and convenient source of Hyaluronic Acid with MSM content, are carefully processed and made available in vegetarian capsule form. Pure Science.  These Hyaluronic Acid capsules are made under strict GMP standards.  This company offers a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - We trust our brand so much that a 100% money back guarantee is offered.  This product is also good and the capsules are potent for 2 years from the manufacture date.  This is a great Hyaluronice Acid product.
115. This product looks just like the picture.  It has the interchangeable pieces that are really easy to change out. Feels really comfy in shoes and helps with the arch. The product is very durable.  Not made cheaply.  Good buy for the cost
116. This has a great flavor. Works well
117. Originally I was taking the one a day trunatal ginger gel capsules, and I was so disappointed that they were discontinued! I found these and I’m happy to say they work just as well, if not better! Give them a try if you suffer from morning sickness, or nausea for any other reason!
118. This is an EXCELLENT tea but WAY overpriced.  Ill order again when the price drops!
119. I love these little lanyards to keep up with my masks, they are always handy and it helpsKeeping them clean.
120. I love this product.
121. This is a very nice product, put together with care and consideration. I even got a crystal I never heard of, a lionstone which is like a more solidly covered tigerseye with a wonderful shifting gold layer, ah I love it. the whole set is great and the pamphlet accompanying also very nice. the only complaint really is that the little set of stones aren't identified and explained. it's still a pleasing purchase tho, the bags are adorable too
122. I have only had this product for 4 days.After using it for 2 days I had great relief from my allergies.  On the 3rd day I woke up with my combo migraine allergy headache that I get from junipers this time of year.  Because of this inhaler I was able to function & get out of bed.  I would have normally had to stay on ice & flat in bed because I could not function with that pain.This was & is the only thing that has ever stopped that pain from continuing!  It stopped it dead!!  I am amazed!!Try it!
123. This stuff is getting harder to find.  Please don't stop carrying it! Otherwise my hair will suck, look ugly and well - it's the best thing I got going for me anymore!
124. Very helpful when trying to locate points.
125. works well in foods and as a supplement.  I have used this product before and a little goes a long ways.
126. I cannot get these to work.  Not a good idea for me.
127. When I clicked on this listing I assumed automatically that these bottles were glass. They look like (and shine like) the many other dark amber glass bottles I have in my cabinet and are not listed anywhere otherwise. In fact, I understood the &#34;4 pound&#34; shipping weight as a confirmation that they were glass. This package was not even half a pound....I am unsure of what type of plastic this is as there is literally no labeling or info about product other than how to mix colloidal silver. I do not feel comfortable letting my daughter inhale out of the nasal sprayer in a plastic bottle. BPA or non BPA, plastic is not safe AT ALL, let alone storing silver in it. You'd think when dealing with those who use Colloidal silver, they are already researching. They are looking for real products that work and are mindful of chemicals. Plastic is a no brainer on my list of do not buys.I wish the seller would have provided a more in depth description that goes further then the, &#34; 2 sprayers and 1 dropper for all your ASAP Silver Sol needs.&#34; that was provided.These will just be thrown away.The shipping was WAY too long, they charge a restocking fee for returned non damaged items and for 8 dollars total, I'm ok with just throwing them away. Though I wish I knew sooner so I wouldn't have wasted so much time.I'll just go buy an overpriced glass bottle set at whole foods.Very unhappy with this purchase.
128. Because of the way I have my desk and computer set up, I lean on my left elbow while at my computer. IN addition, my husband does most of the driving and while in the car, I tend to lean my left arm on the arm rest. Soon, I had a problem. I essentially developed a &#34;bed sore&#34; on my left elbow, and no matter how many creams and tender loving care I gave it, I couldn't seem to get rid of it. Then I found and purchased this item (2 in fact -- one for desk area, one for car), and in no time, my elbow began to clear up. It took off the pressure, and gave the creams and ointments time to do their work. I like the idea that my arm doesn't overheat, because of the mesh that keeps most of the arm cool. Other styles didn't have that.  The pad slips around a little, but not badly, and easily moves back into place.  I keep the computer one on a small shelf that is part of my desk, and the one for the car, I keep in that built-in &#34;side-pocket&#34; in the door. I told my dermatologist about what I was doing, and he thought it was brilliant!  Hope it works as well for you!  (if you found this helpful, please click where noted below, and thanks!)
129. Works and looks fine :-)
130. This is a super compact little light that I about blinded myself with when I was learning to use the controls lol. I absolutely LOVE the size of this, it can fit on even the smallest, most cluttered of desks, as it is just a flat screen with a removablerepositionable kickstand. Nice long cord, easy to understand and control. The light temperatures were one of the selling points for me as I despise white light, and this does not disappoint. It's warm light is perfect, and has different brightness levels. The timer is also quite nice. I will be ordering at least 1 more for my adult son. Well worth the price, having this in front of me, I'd pay much more.
131. A word of caution. I'm sensitive to stimulants. So the first 3 days this messed with my stomach a bit. After that Im good to go. At 178lbs the recommended dosage is 22 scoops for me. Because im sensitive to stimulants that is just too much. Everytime i do two scoops I end up bonking mid workout. Shaky hands, starving, have to stop and eat and rest a good half hour before finishing. I always eat an hour before my workout and only have this issue with two scoops. One scoop for me is perfect. Makes my face tingle, helps me kill my workout. I love this stuff. so my recommendation is to try it in different dosages until you find your sweet spot. Maybe you are a 12 scoop person, maybe you need the full two scoops. ust dont try it once and say it's not for you. Give it time, give it a chance. You'll love it.
132. My son has severe eczema and this didn't make him sting. He doesn't squirm when trying to get it on him. He's 3.
133. My feet fill great. No greasy feeling.
134. I feel safe on this. It is solid.
135. Soft. Reusable,  quality, good bye cotton balls.
136. Love these for making candies mainly I just make organic gummy candy's for a treat they work well and the shapes are awesome. Also can use for jello
137. Fabulous stuff for your everyday needs
138. great little kit only thing i wish was different was the key ring to open the tops is plastic which i wish was metal to be more sturdy.
139. my son loved these
140. Was looking for a powder that didn't smell like a baby or medicated. My husband likes this powder. It's a little on the expensive side though so not sure if he will continue to buy this.
141. This shake tasted horrible. I tried mixing it with different things to mask the flavor, but it not help.
142. Hate, hate, hate. These are impossibly thin. And for someone like me, with large calves, it is a real pain to try to get them on. I returned for a full refund.
143. Easy to  use
144. I love it.  It works great and makes the perfect curl every time.  The glove is a must or you will burn your hand.  It takes a little practice but the wand is the way to go for perfect beachy waves every time.
145. I originally gave this a 3 star review because I thought it was too heavy - and I ordered a buckwheat & rice wrap -- although this is heavier than the other one,  the reality is that compariatively they are very close.... I guess when shoulders are sore they are more sensitive - I find myself reaching for this one because of the cape-like design - it distributes the heat where I need it.  I'm giving it 5 stars although if there was a 4.5 option I'd probably pick that - I wish there was a way to have the contents shift around less, maybe some internal sections, if that would work with also needing to shift the beads around when nuking them to distribute the heat - not sure if the physics of that but if a couple strategically placed compartments were possible, that would improve this.  I think the fill to internal space ratio is very good so don't add more beads, I like to nap with this and don't like to nap with the buckwheat one because it is too thick and won't flatten outbelow is original for referenceVery Very Heavy -- this is much heavier than I realized even though I read the other comments.  It's really too heavy for me.  I'm going to keep it as it is as advertised, at least I think so, I didn't think it held heat as long as they said but I only nuked it for the 1 minute.  I will use it sometimes but will need to be careful with it and only use it for short period of time because of the amount of compression the weight puts on my shoulder.  I'm using it because of an issue in an arm that is affecting shoulders and I want my lymph fluid to flow freely.  I am going to need to purchase something else lighter - maybe the buckwheat filled warmer like I was originally looking for.
146. This really works well holding my shower attachment low on the small ceramic tile above the tub while bathing children.  Some have said it doesn't stick well if on grout lines. I have not had that issue. It sticks just fine. My only advice would be to be careful getting it out of the holder. Don't try to pull it, instead, slide it out so not to crack the holder.
147. A real big batch of packets.  Good for storage  here in the rainbelt
148. Great for Keto diets
149. Too tight
150. This replacement bowl & lid works perfectly!
151. I’m not that familiar with myrrh as a fragrance or therapeutic oil, though I’ve had several brands and types of therapeutic grades of oil - but this brand is very pleasing and looks to be pure.It lasts a good amount of time in my diffuser and the fragrance is very nice. I combined this with frankincense .
152. I've been buying this particular mineral supplement for 5 years. I did a lot of looking around and research of both the mineral supplements and the companies, and I thought Solaray with their Bone Tone was hands down one of the best. First they have one of the most comprehensive mineral supplements I've ever seen and I have no problems assimlating this, and I am sensitive to supplements if they are too processed or chemically derived.I bought this mainly because I suffered with cavities for many years - after reading Weston Price's book, I thought this plus adding raw milk and salmon, raw nuts and sea weedvegetables,  would help and I have to say it has, thank goodness. I've not had a single cavity in the past 4 years and this is from someone who had at least one occur or reoccur under the filling at least once every two years and at some points in time, every year. Highly recommend.
153. Love the bottles and the color is gorgeous
154. Since salons are closed due to Covid 19 my boyfriend couldn’t get his hair buzzed anymore. I offered to buzz it for him but knew I needed an affordable razor designed for the bald head look. We are both so impressed with this little razor. It never once nicked him. He was very pleased with the end result & I’m going to continue doing this weekly for him. The razor kept its charge & no complaints at all.
155. Have heard iffy reviews about ordering oils on line. Absolutely not true in this case. Product arrived well protected, and oil is amazing.
156. cute bag. barely zips up and not that strong, so I will use only occasionally. good for the price. jars as described. fast delivery
157. THese fit perfectly in easter eggs to hide for the hunt!  No Candy!!!  My girls were thrilled to find these hidden in their eggs.  the flavors are mostly great.  the mint one is not a fave with my kiddos, so I got to keep that one ;)  Win!
158. I lift a lot. Both at the gym and at work. This gives me great back support. I like the fact that it's adjustable, so when I need more or less support, I can adjust as needed. I had this on while sitting as well and it helped me sit upright,  proper posture. I'm sure if I continue wearing it for the great  back brave it is, I might see my waist shrink as well. But the sole reason I bought this was for my back!! I was fortunate enough to purchase this item at a discounted price in return for my honest opinion.
159. Very BIG. bigger than I thought. It does hold a lot of oils, but some of my bottles are bigger than doterra. So the bigger bottles take up more space and the next area is not available therefore cutting down on the number of oils in the case. I am also curious how the foam holds up or breaks down when oils get on it. Is there a replacement for the foam insert? The case is sturdy and I appreciate the handle. Makes it a lot easier than the cardboard box I had them in :)
160. Love these. Only complaint is there aren’t enough “max” band aids according to the toddler.
161. This is another beauty with vibrate green colors evenly balanced to give a sense of well being and delight. Like the lapis lazuli stone I purchased this is a winner.I will be back to purchase bigger stones and crystals.
162. Ok. Doesn't straighten curly hair completely.
163. This is my favorite smell in the Caldrea line. It's clean and fresh and smells completely unique.  It makes me clean the counter tops probably more than needed just so I can smell it. Wish they made it in a body mist. I also love this scent in the linen spray, laundry soap and fabric softener.
164. It was a gift they loved it
165. I bought this as a gift for my husband and sent it to him on work assignment. He was complaining about the mosquitoes eating him alive even though he had been religiously applying OFF. I said, well DUH, everyone know that Avon makes the best bug repellent. He thought I was nuts so I sent it to him to prove otherwise. He LOVED it. He said he applied it first thing in the morning and it lasted all day. He saw mosquitoes, but they never landed on him.
166. I'm so disappointed. This has virtually caprylic acid in it, according to the company when I contacted them, and they won't cooperate with returns. Don't waste your money. Get Caproyl instead.
167. Screw and parts. They arrived in new condition. I carry one in my car, backpack, nightstand, etc. Cheap and effective :)
168. I have this coffee recommended by Anthony Williams and I want to share this with my Mom and she she Loves it and I have reordered this Chicory Coffee 3 times already and she can't get enough.
169. It arrived on time. Nice product, clean smell.
170. Love this product and hard to Find in stock at the big box stores.
171. Product well described by seller. Construction is sound with no nails protruding. Hinge works well. This essential oil box is exactly what I needed to house my EO bottles ranging from 5 to 15 ml. Would recommend the purchase of this box to a friend.
172. So during this pandemic, I thought about how I can improve the safety for both myself and my clients. I work as a Massage Therapist and I am in a room with different clients for a few hours several times a week. I came upon this idea and purchased 2 of them. One for home and one for work. My clients appreciate the extra precaution and care that I am taking. Now whether it completely helps with virus - not sure but it does help with cleaning the air and that makes me feel better. It certainly can't hurt or make things any worse, especially if you are in a small space, like I am.
173. These are light weight and easy to put on and take off. I wear them when I exercise and they do seem to help prevent my knee pain. I would recommend them for anyone experiencing knee discomfort. Hey it beats having to taking pills all the time.
174. I use these every Christmas. I used to have a whole bunch of holders and I can’t find them. Was happy to find a kit with 2 holders and 5 scenters. A little pricey for my taste but the scent has held up pretty well. Normally they last about 3-4 days and then your nose gets used to it.
175. This product was priced very well but isn't top quality. That being said, what you do get is a nice cheap way to incorporate cupping into your massage practice. You get quite a bit in size options so thats very helpful, and they do maintain good suction. The only thing i don't like is that over time the plastic cups show signs of being brittle and some have cracked. They did last me quite a while for being so cheap so i cant complain. I wasn't looking for a big investment so for the price it was worth it to me and i use it as my practice set. I did enjoy the cupping procedure and the pump handle really lets you control the strength of the suction quite well. So, if you'd like to try out cupping but don't want to invest in an expensive kit, this one is the one for you! The cupping technique has helped me with my shoulder pain as it really breaks up adhesions and gives more blood flow to the area. I place the cup on a sore spot and suction the skin about half way up the cup and let it stay for a few minutes like that. Another technique is to put massage oil on the area of your skin first, then suction it a little less than half way and then slide the cup around. YouTube has some great tutorials.
176. I actually haven’t tried this myself, but got it as a gift for my Brother in Law bc he loves this stuff. He’s really picky about his diet and he’s very strong so it must be pretty good stuff.
177. My daughter has chondrimalacia patella.  This tape works great used in conjunction with another tape over it.  Keep her knee caps in place for dancing.
178. It really does pull the gunk out of your pores.
179. This product came highly recommended. I keep it in the fridge but still has a strong fish taste. I prefer capsules in the freezer which are easy to swallow and don't give off the strong fish taste. Next time I will order the capsules and not the liquid.
180. Bought berry and orange. Both are so needlessly sweet. I reduce the amount to 12-13, and still taste the sweetness more than berryorange flavors. Got tired of it.
181. Hubby loves this. He's pretty low maintenance and only recently started shaving his head (acceptance is great). He likes it because it leaves a close cut without being completely smooth which he said feels odd to him, he prefers a little rub stubble. So, it does not shave baby butt smooth like you may get from a razor but it's a close shave and super easy! It holds a good charge too, he only charges it maybe once a week and uses it daily.
182. I have reordered this and also ordered other products from this company. Great quality
183. Latest Update (Jan. 2018): After 2-3 YEARS of trying to keep the little feet on the scale from leaving black streaks on the bathroom floor, I gave up and threw this scale away.  Cleaning the feet did not work; coating the feet with clear nail polish worked only for a time; attaching felt covers on the feet also only worked temporarily.  Amazing.  SO RELIEVED to be rid of the bloody thing.Update: I removed one star after using this scale for about a year now.  The scale rests on little square rubber feet, and these little bits of rubber leave black streaks on my tiled bathroom floor every single time I move the scale on the floor.  It's like the rubber feet are made of soot.  I tried cleaning them, but no amount of cleaning prevents the feet from leaving black streaks.  I finally painted over the feet with clear nail polish top coat.  That worked for a while but the top coat apparently wears off after a while.  I've had to repaint the rubber feet after a few months.  Awful!This is the best bathroom scale I have owned.  Ever!  It is sleek in design, easy to read with the bright blue-lit background.  Most importantly, it is accurate!  My old scale used to give a differenr reading each time I got on it, even if it was seconds apart.  Also, this scale uses regular  batteries instead of the hard-to-find LED batteries the old scale used.  I have only had this scale for about 2 weeks but I am really glad  I made the switch.  If you are looking for an easy-to-read, accurate scale, I recommend this one.
184. Terrible smell to the tissues.
185. EXCELLENT. Very nice and smells okay and I love it.
186. Very nice. Glad I found it on the internet but personally I feel $16.00 too much in price  for this tiny small bottle. I do like Frankincense and Myrrh.  recommend-glad when it goes on so so sale. It is a good oil.  Thanks.
187. This is probably pretty gross. I Purchased a burn brush to clean out my coffee pot and remove seven years of build up inside of it but it was still a little unsettled but maybe the inside of the pot was not 100% cleaned. So I purchased this and put some in the pot left it in there for about for five hours and then poured it out and then looked inside the pot and it was shiny include stainless steel which was excellent. I rinsed it out twice. This morning I had my 1st cup of coffee out of the pot and it tasted great well I’ve been missing over the last couple years of not having a totally crystal clean product I recommend the strongly I will definitely re-purchase this in the future and plan on using it on a regular basis to avoid seven years of scale that was disgusting.
188. Tried another brand once but find this is the very best on the market
189. Works better than the waxed king.  Gets the particles out better.
190. Bought this from Granddaughter's Baby Shower Registry. This is what I used for all my children's laundry MANY years ago. So glad to see it's still around :-)  It's perfect for baby's delicate skin, is hypoallergenic.
191. Put the batteries in, set on flat floor & weighed exactly what Dr. Office scale said. Very accurate
192. I have allergies so these are great for folks who need to blow their nose …… a lot.
193. It's difficult  to hold especially  when the suds hit ur hands this needs to be a lil smaller but its not hard on the sclap
194. I was so disappointed  when it arrived the size is so much smaller  i was expecting it to be bigger it good thick materials i would  say but not much stretch
195. This scarf is just beautiful and it is lightweight which makes it perfect for spring and summer.  The quality is also very good.
196. It works here very well for acrylic paint.
197. I purchased this bag for the White Elephant Christmas exchange for coworkers. This bag is ADORABLE, sturdy and well made. Make sure you pay attention to the dimensions of the bag before purchasing, as this bag is a little small. Luckily it was just the right size for the gift I'm using. You will not be disappointed! Love it!
198. Lasted couple hours with my 2 bullies.....
199. I'm not a big fan of this b+ complex liquid. Mainly it is the taste I don't like, the strawberry flavor is really light and doesn't cover up the unpleasant taste.They are also difficult to separate, you pretty much have to use scissors to separate them. Also, I didn't feel any different while taking these, my energy level didn't change.Frankly, I'd rather just take a pill. If you hate pills and are vitamin b deficient, you might like these more than I did.
200. This sandalwood oil smells wonderful, I love it. It is not overpoweringly strong but it is strong enough to be smelled across the room. It also comes in a large leak proof glass bottle with a dropper included.
201. This glass foot file works great, you can really sand off the dry skin on your feet with it.It is a little big for my hands, although I have small hands. It also get clogged up a little too quickly. If you have a lot of dry skin, you may have to wash it out while using it.
202. This powder mixes in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops. It tastes pretty good, except that it does have a bit of that protein flavor.All in all, it's pretty decent for the price.
203. This tastes pretty good, although it does have a bit of that protein flavor. It mixed in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops.All in all, it's pretty decent for the price.
204.  This tense device comes with everything you need, including pads and a carrying case. I like that there are so many settings on it, there are three main modes and 8 different types within each mode.My only complaint is that it is almost too strong for me, but I'm a bit of a wuss. My husband loves how powerful this tens device is.
205. I like how small this trimmer is, you can stick it in a pocket or purse and easily take it with you.It is interesting way to trim unwanted hair. There are two pieces with blades on them and twist the pieces back and forth to cut the hair.The problem is that fairly often it doesn't cut the hair, but grabs instead. So you end up basically plucking those hairs, which hurts.
206. I love this cold roller, I can get a massage effect while also getting localized cold to any areas that hurt. Mainly I have been using it for my hands to relieve carpal tunnel pain.
207. This is a great milk substitute. It easily dissolves in warm water, and taste good too. I love being able to have chocolate milk again.
208. I just got this scale today.  It is easy to use and gave me an accurate weight count. I would love to buy another to keep around the house for my family to use. :)
209. This is a great starter kit for someone new to Wicca.  I only wish it came with a book rather than a booklet with print way too small for me to read.  Now I just need to find a good book with large print about beginner Wicca.
210. These did help somewhat for dry eye, but not enough for the price.
211. I love these gel inserts as I have the double wammy of foot issues.  I have heel spurs and planters fasiicitis.  Because of back issues I don't wear heels, flats are the only way for me to roll. I switch them around to different shoes.  So inserts are my best friend, you laugh as I make such a big deal outta inserts, but there are those out there in Amazon land that know what I am saying.  You get 2 pairs for $5.99, that's a good deal.
212. This set includes 4 sponges and 4 stainless steel scrubbers.  The sponges have a scratchless, scrubbing side that work well, but the sponge fell apart after 4 uses  :-( .  The stainless steel scrubbers also work well, I just hope they don't rust.  The rust is why I stopped using these type of scrubbers, it was ecky, so they were limited to one time use.If you can't get out to the store due to Co-Vid 19, these are ok, and the price is reasonable $7.99.  This is the type of cleaning products you find at $1 outlets (one of my favorite haunts),
213. This is actually and a pleasant taste.  My teeth felt super smooth and appeared whiter.  I have only used it for a week,but I really like it.  I have sensitive teeth and usually use a toothpaste designed for sensitive teeth.  So far my teeth do not hurt after not using a sensitive toothpaste.However, I think the price is high for my budget, but it is not a unusual price in the broad market of toothpaste.Recommend
214. I have been using this for trigger point release tool for myself and with my patients for years with success
215. Electric Razor for Women,Electric Shaver for Women Legs Underarm ,Cordless Portable IPX7 Waterproof Wet and Dry Body Hair Removal, Aloe Strips for Painless Shaving,Type-C USB Recharge is a very average shaver. The things I like: It’s lightweight, can use wet or dry, comes with a type C charging port and cable, has a storage bag and cleaning brush and it doesn’t pull on hair like many electric shavers do. The things I don’t like: The big size and sideways facing shaver head is awkward and bulky, the lubricating strip is dry, so I need to use my own lubricant on my skin and the blades don’t give a close shave. This all adds up to a very average electric shaver, but not getting a close shave and being very awkward for me to use are two big negatives, so this shaver gets 2 STARS.
216. If you've ever wished you could hear better in a noisy environment, this VitaSound Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B Package is for you. VitaSound advertises this Audio Enhancer as being able to let you hear who you are speaking to better in convention halls or noisy restaurants. The uses for this Audio Enhancer are far more useful than just conventions and restaurants. We found this Enhancer lessens noises from our neighbor mowing his lawn while we are speaking or watching television inside, when children are playing music inside- we can lessen that noise, party noises are lessened, airplane noises if you live near an airport can be lessened, children playing outside, dogs barking, construction in your neighborhood, loud food courts, inside busy airports, busy shopping malls- anywhere there are loud background noises, this Audio Enhancer can lessen the background noises so you can hear the things close to you that you want to hear. We tested this Audio Enhancer in all these situations and it works every time.The Audio enhancer does not eliminate noise, it simply reduces background noises to lower levels, while amplifying voices or sounds in your near proximity. It is NOT a hearing aid, so it will not improve your hearing. This Audio Enhancer was developed by VitaSound Audio Inc. in Canada, who also manufacture hearing aids. This Audio Enhancer actually supplies digital noise reduction and feedback suppression, making background noise much softer and quieter, allowing you to hear noises close to you very clearly and louder. If you are straining to hear noises close to you from being in a noisy environment, you will love the clarity this Enhancer brings to your close hearing. No more ear straining or asking Can You Repeat That? In noisy, irritating environments, it is quite a stress reliever to be able to hear better.This Enhancer gives you 4 different modes to choose from- TV mode, Talk mode, Phone mode and a Relaxation mode. The TV mode can be connected to your Enhancer via an RF wireless connection. Provided are 3 different TV cables that you can choose from, to connect to the Base unit- an Analog Audio Cable, an Optical Audio Cable or a Co-axial Audio Cable. You just connect the cable that matches your TV to both the TV and the Base unit. When the Unit blinks green it will wirelessly transmit to your Enhancer.  Now you can watch TV with hardly any background noises. The Enhancer itself is about the size of a cellphone and comes with in-ear headphones with comfortable ear buds, of which they also provide 3 more pairs of extra soft buds. For Talk mode, you simply wear the in-ear headphones with the Enhancer in your pocket.  Background noises will be lessened, but not as much as with the TV mode. The Phone Mode comes with a Stereo Cable for connecting with your cellphone or MP3 player. Now you can chat on your cellphone or listen to your MP3 player with way less background noise. (This was especially great for talking on our cellphone in an airport and noisy stadium). The last mode is a Relaxation mode. This mode has 4 different relaxing noises- soothing ocean waves, a waterfall with birds chirping, birds chirping, and a sound of a bubbling brook. This relaxation mode is great if you cannot sleep.You can better adjust all these modes to your hearing with a volume control on the side of the Enhancer that has 4 levels from low to high. The 4 function mode buttons are on the bottom front. There is even a side lock switch to set the Enhancer if you find a setting you want to keep for the mode. There is also an EQ mode button on the side allowing you to choose 1 for normal hearing or 2,3 or 4 for a high pitch frequency boost. This EQ mode button also chooses the 4 different relaxation modes you want to hear. Should your Enhancer suddenly not work right, there is a Reset you can use by pushing the tiny inset button with a pin type object. Included in this Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B are the Audio Enhancer, headset with microphone, Stereo Cable for cellphone or MP3 Player, Neckloop, Bag Case for headset, Base Unit, AC Adapter Plug, 3 TV cables-Analog, Optical and Co-Axial, 3 sets of Extra Earbuds, a User Manual and a Warranty. If you experience any problems, the User Manual is very easy to understand, and there is also a phone number to speak to a tech.You do have to charge the Enhancer in the Base Unit before your first use, as well as whenever the battery gets low, which the blinking lights will tell you. You can test how well this Enhancer works in eliminating background noise when you first try it, by simply having your TV on and speaking to someone near to you in the same room. I had my husband speak to me with the TV on, as I kept putting the Ear buds in and out of my ear. With the Earbuds in, I could hear a quiet TV and a louder husband. With the Earbuds out, I could hear a loud TV over my husband. You definitely can hear what is close to you way over the background noises. There is one very important thing to mention about this Enhancer- make certain the volume is ALWAYS on low before placing the Earbuds in your ears. If the speaker and microphone are too close, a high pitch whistle can occur. The whistle can be irritating, but not if the volume is on the lowest setting.Also, when adjusting the settings, keep the volume on low as once again, there can be a clicking noise which is irritating if the volume is high. This Personal Audio Enhancer is wonderful for eliminating irritating or loud background noises. It is a 5 Star product, but I have to reduce it by 12 Star due to having to always put it in my ears with a low volume to eliminate any chance of the whistle or clicking noises, which can occasionally occur if a person is too close or while setting the modes. These whistles or clicks rarely happen, so they are not an issue- I just don't like hearing them if they should happen, so I keep the volume low when first putting the buds in my ears. If you have a lot of loud background noises in your environment, whether it be at home, work or out and about, you will find this 4 12 Star Audio Enhancer invaluable. When our next door neighbor was remodeling recently, these earbuds saved me from downing a bottle of aspirins every week, so they are worth the price for your hearing headaches alone!
217. I am disappointed because I ordered two Rose Gold curlingflat irons that are shown on the box but they were Gold.  Also, the products we're made cheaply.
218. What I dislike is that the balls have to be charged after every washing. There is no scent and it's good for sensitive skin. The freshness is there but only after the balls have been sanitized in direct sunlight. Also it really doesn't kill odors as strongly as I would have liked
219. My dentist recommended this type of tooth brush. I like the feeling of the brush on my sensitive mouth.
220. My bottom is RAW!!! These wipes took the skin off my bottom! After only using them for a week I had a bloody bottom. I would NEVER use these on a child or baby. These are TERRIBLE!
221. I recommend this to everyone. This is a life saver!!!! If you have a baby or a child that has nose discharge or is congested I would definitely use this. It saves time and energy. It has different settings for suction and easy to clean.
222. I have a pair of heavy glasses and a super tiny nose bridge. I notice that it works better if my nose isn't oily, and I usually have to reapply at some point through the day, but I swear by this product. It has made going on dates, working in the lab, and driving so much better!
223. Bought as a gift for my friend and she likes them.  She hasn't experiences any problems , so I am happy!
224. This product works pretty good for upper shoulder muscle issues, and it has a nice menthol smell that reminds me of Vicks.  This is a cream that absorbs well into the skin, but I do have to use quite a bit so do not expect it to last very long.  Having said this, it is priced more reasonably than some of the other pain creams out there and in addition to the topical analgesic also has ingredients such as aloe, arnica, boswelia, bromelain, and MSM.  All of these other ingredients have anti-inflammatory properties, so overall this product has a good combination of ingredients to combat muscle pain.
225. My husband is really into his Norelco shaver and all the different replacement blades.  As with all his past replacements new blades take about 3 or more shaves to really seat good with blades and cutters. He always applies a drop of shaver oil to each new blade. These blades worked good for him. They are sharp and gave good close shaves and are also quiet running. As far as how long they last time will tell but the cost of these blades are about 13 of OEM Norelco blades and all the OEM ones he has tried last about 6 months. Overall these are good working heads and a good value.
226. If you don't really like eating sliced beets, this powder is a good solution to get the nutrients by adding it to a smoothie drink with other items. This product mixes well in a blender. Beets are good for lowering blood pressure and many other benefits.  Healthy alternative to eating beets.
227. I ordered this shaver for my husband to try, and we’ve had nothing but problems with it. It wasn’t charged at all upon receiving it, it was completely dead.  We put it on the charger for several hours as the manual recommended and it worked.While charging there is a red light next to where the cable plugs in, and the light stays lit all the time  even after the shaver is charged. So you never knew if the battery if fully charged and whether or not it will overheat.The shaver manual is not much help and in fact makes this product more confusing. The printed manual and writing on the shaver box have conflicting charging instructions. The manual says to charge up to 8 hours and advises no longer.  The box says 1 hour for 60 minutes of shaving. This is kind of confusing because my husband was never able to get 60 minutes of use after charging.  He was only able to get 2 shaves each at about 7 minutes before the battery went dead and had to be recharged.So…. my husband will not be using this shaver since the battery keeps going dead. And the rotary blades are weakening from pressing the shaver against his face.  This shaver is a no-go.
228. Every day I take probiotics, digestive enzymes, multi, B-12 and an immune supplement.  The one that makes the most difference for me on a daily basis is the probiotic.  While all the probiotics I have tired basically work, there's no question that some work better than others.  This is one of the better products and seems to help more with the IBS than others.  I've only been using for less than a week and it is working good and no stomach upset.  The serving size is 3 capsules, and dosage recommendation on the label is 1 in the morning, 1 during the day, and 1 in the evening.  So this bottle gives a 1-month supply, and the price is reasonable for a good probiotic.
229. The appearance of this shaver is almost elegant.  My husband does not have a bald head so testing was only done on daily beard growth. All 7 blades revolving at once would lead one to hope shaving is quick. But the blades did not give him a close shave and took at least 8 minutes or more to finish.  He had to move the shaver slowly back and forward too many times.  He has another shaver but he was hoping that this 9-in-1 would be his favorite. The nose trimmer attachment and the beard trimmers work okay.  The battery life of this shaver having 90 minutes of shaver time is better than any other shaver he has used, but his Norelco shaver gives a super close shave in about 5 minutes.  I am giving this item 3 stars but not recommending it, although it may do a better job on shaving a bald head.
230. This is a sharp looking cigar humidor with a flawless Rosewood finish.  The dimensions shown in the listing photo are accurate, so it is a generous size. While it is hard to say how many cigars this will hold because there are so many different sizes of cigars, the company has a chart posted in the lower area of the description that gives an idea of how many should fit depending on the gauge and type of cigar.The hygrometer is easy to read and without its frame the face measures 1.5”.  The bottom of the humidor has felt adhered to protect the box as well as the surface where it will be kept.  The lid opens and closes easily, and when you open it all the way it will stay open until you shut it.  This humidor is strong and durable and weighs 3 lb,+ 7.7 oz.  The provided divider stays in place with a tight fit.Overall, this is a well-constructed, elegant, and functional cigar humidor at a reasonable price. It has an attractive design and well-deserving of 5 stars.
231. It’s amazing this fish oil is traceable back to the fishery it came from.  My doctor said taking 1000 mg daily should be enough for me. This is my first experience using this product and so far my impression from reading about the company is they are extremely sensitive to recycled plastics and saving the environment. I didn't have any side effects after taking this fish oil. Digestion is most always an issue today with foods as many are just that, indigestible. I like this product’s ingredients are and they appear to be one of the highest quality fish oils on the market. I started one before eating. I may up the dose by one in the evening and if any changes occur will update later.  So far nothing to complain about and the product deserves 5 stars.
232. Vitamin D3 is one of several supplements which if I take in pill or table form upsets my stomach, so as with those other supplements am happy to try this D3 in gummy form.  These gummies are really good!  Their fruity flavor tastes great, they dissolve easily, do not upset my stomach, and are a good dosage.  2 gummies = 2000 IU.  Priced reasonably and made with citrus fruit pectin, this one is worth adding to my daily health regime.
233. We do not have mosquitos here where I live, but we do get bites from chiggers, blister beetles, black ants, red ants, gnats, and spiders. I am especially prone to chigger bites and  was hoping this product would help with them since the itching is almost unbearable.  But it did not help at all with the chigger bites.  It does however help the itching with other insect bites.
234. Personally, less sweet would be okay with me. The flavor is very good and tastes fruity much like raspberries.  This is actually a great product with all the other combined B Vitamins added. The bottle says 60 servings. I am taking a half dropper a day because of all other vitamins I take every day.  The bottle dropper works good and no leaks in cap rim as I shake it every time before using.  Still, I think it is critical to get enough B12 especially for us older folks.  This product also has a long expiration marked on the bottle. This brand deserves high marks except for being a bit oversweet. I still recommend it and feel it is a good value.
235. This is a quality natural product and non GMO. I have no complaints and no side effects.  BCAA formulas are working good for me. I have been taking them over the years but not every day. When I read the ingredients, this brand has a lot of goodness. I don't work out a lot other than using a treadmill and brisk walking, but being older I like this product because it helps with muscle fatigue. In my opinion this is a value brand compared to others I had purchased in local stores costing almost double in price.
236. This product works for me. I don't have a serious constipation problem but just enough at times that need attention.  Taking the recommended dose and within 24 hours they slowly work without any side effects. I also think for me I could reduce the dose to half and still be okay. I feel this is a good product as it does what it is supposed to.
237. When I first opened this toothpaste, I found that it was very thick... meaning I had to press the toothpaste tube rather hard to get the toothpaste to come out.  But on the plus side, once you get this on your toothbrush, it isn't going to drip off.  As far as smell and taste, it has a pleasant smell and taste.  It's not overpowering like some tooth pastes, but it's not the most gentle either.  It does what it's supposed to do and cleans the teeth, and with the Sodium Fluoride I am sure it helps reduce cavities.  It's an okay toothpaste.
238. Along with the fact that these are wonderful at keeping the bloating away, they capsule size is also medium so they are easy to swallow.  Some capsules are so huge I cannot take them, but these are average size.  Great product!
239. I recently had gum surgery, so having the opportunity to test this toothpaste came at the right time. This toothpaste has a very nice refreshing taste, and cleans the teeth. It is kind of a yellowish color gel.  It tastes fresh, but is mild so it doesn’t burn or sting the gums as some toothpastes do.  It is the perfect tooth product to use after dental surgery, but it is really a pleasant toothpaste to use especially if you have sensitive gums.  Highly recommend.
240. First time use with this product gave my mouth a fresh clean feeling. The mint flavor is mild and pleasing. I felt no burning in my mouth or lips.  The gel is thick and I had to press the tube harder than normal, but after about a 2 minute brushing and then rinsing out with just water, my teeth felt clean and bright.  I like that it doesn't leave a gritty feeling after brushing and it did brighten my teeth color.  My opinion is the product was a good experience and I certainly recommend it.
241. This supplement has all the products in it that I like to take and have been taking separately.  And better yet, it adds a probiotic Lactobadillus Acidophilus so can’t ask for more in a daily supplement.  I love this product!  Immune Blend has so many great ingredients that have been proven to have immune and other health benefits – Vitamin C, Zinc, Elderberry, Echinacea, Garlic Turmeric and more.I do want to comment that since this product has turmeric and garlic and both are known to have blood thinning capabilities, I personally would stop taking this product several days before any type of surgery.  And by all means talk to your doctor about taking any product that contains these ingredients if you take blood thinners.My final thoughts: I am thrilled to find a product that contains such a great blend of ingredients to help us stay healthy and fight off viruses.
242. Love the selection of colors and that these are all hypo-allergenic. Perfect!
243. Great mask. No filter though.But still great mask.
244. This a great little pack of sanding blocks.  I also use this to sand cardstock for card making.  But do love them to buff and smooth nails before adding polish.
245. This has really helped with the stye’s in my eyes. I had about 2 on the rim of my upper eye lid and one on the rim of my lower eye lid. And I had a couple of styes on my other eye too. I used to apply this oil 2-3 times a day with a Q Tip. After going through a couple of bottles I found they had all disappeared one after the other over a period of 1-2 months. No side effects nothing
246. I have been using this for a hot minute. 1 Tablespoon on an empty stomach will get your there quick. Remember that kava is fat soluble so take it with almond or coconut milk. Not a bad bang for your buck.
247. Got a new pair of golf shoes that run a little large and thus got heel blisters the first round I walked in them.  After using these, the fit is more snug and comfortable and I'm no longer getting blisters.
248. These bags are very strong and easy to see through. I'm using them to move and store belongings. They are easy to get off the roll. I bought another box to have on hand.
249. This brush straightener works just as described.  I'm so glad I bought it from Apalus at $29.99. Definitely recommended to my friendsfamily. Best money I've spent so far!
250. Good Product.  As advertised.  Arrived on time.
251. Needs to be more evident what the scent is imo
252. I really like this holder. It clicks on my keychain and my oils are always handy
253. -The spray nozzle does not spray evenly and leaks huge globs of the oil out on to my mat.-It takes a ton of spraying to even cover your mat so I feel like this is going to last maybe 5-7 uses.-The smell is nice and I like that it comes with a microfiber towel but the towel itself is hideous and too big.Overall, I do not recommend this product.
254. This was super fussy and difficult to implement. It's not much more expensive to have your doctor run this panel for you at less cost if your insurance will cover it, and those are much more accurate. Drawing enough blood from your fingers for this is so challenging, and I do glucose tests regularly, so I'm used to finger pokes. But enough to fill 8 dots on the chart took a lot of time and blood. The results are not even close to the one I had done by my doctor very recently, and I'm eating the same way.
255. This is a great quality probiotic strain that really can help with so many issues. For me, it helps with autoimmune inflammatory issues so much! I'm really happy with how well these work.
256. Bob's red mill chia seeds are great! I love these for a morning keto 'cereal' or as a dessert pudding. The company is known for high-quality ingredients, and these are on par. The spoon set is uselsss. They're really hard to turn for use, and they don't come apart, so you have to wash all of them, even if you didn't use them.
257. These are great cleaning gloves! My hands are sensitive to heat and get all tingly but with these gloves, I don't notice that. These aren't like the thin normal gloves you get at the store, these are really cushy inside and they feel pretty sturdy. I recommend these!
258. This is a great supplement for lowering blood sugar and aiding digestion. You don't need to go to strange lengths to take it, it's not meant to taste like fruit. You don't need to hide it in smoothies or soup. Just add 14 tsp of this into a small cup of warm water 2 times a day and drink. It's not going to taste delicious, but it's really just like a slightly bitter tea. If you're used to herbal remedies, you won't be phased by this. If you're used to gummy vitamins, you probably won't like it.
259. These are used all over hour house. From kitchen to the craft room, and many places in between. My husband even uses them for stuff in the garage and his electronics. They're sturdy and hold a lot. I also love that you can see through them easily.
260. These are good dish gloves! These aren't lined like my other pair. I like that when the water is really hot I don't really feel it through the gloves. The package has a few ideas on other ways to use these and I used a sharpie to write what I use for what so I don't confuse them. The large is a little too baggy for me so I would have gone for a medium. These are great gloves, I recommend them.
261. This is a great whole food source to help support both liver function and helps with insulin resistance. It's well-sourced and good quality, ready to use with foods in smoothies, soups, etc. I'm really happy with the quality and ease of use!
262. This is a great way to add antioxidants to your food! I prefer fresh, but it's not like I can find Acai berries at my local grocers! SO this is the next best way to include them into your foods. Easy to use, versatile - add to yogurt, smoothies, etc.
263. This is a great way to boost your immunity -add a little into your foods for both health benefits and flavor! I love the convenience. I usually prefer using fresh foods, but when something like red reishi mushrooms are hard to find in my area, this is the second-best way to go!
264. These are so much easier to fill since they have a flat base. Perfect for packing up snacks for tailgating! I love that you can hear when it's closed. These are also sturdy enough to hold a bunch of toiletries. We packed our dental care in one, hair products in another, and they kept our toiletries bag neat and organized for a recent overnight stay out of town.
265. I can't tell you how much I appreciate the wide flat bases of these Ziplocs! I like to make ahead and freeze meals, and it's often awkward to fill them without someone else holding them open. These stand up by themselves, and make it so much easier! Love them!
266. Does great job of cleaning floors,easy to use...
267. Love love love these socks.They are so snuggly on your legs and makes your legs feel so great.Compression socks are great when your on the go, busy or relaxing. One of my best buys ever!
268. Great buy :) very happy
269. The mask is easy to clean,has elastic to hold on the child's head. But it runs small,it did not fit my nine year oldest face. It also has a strong chemical smell.
270. They would probably work for other shoes but the pin was too thick for the shoes i needed fixed.
271. I love these masks, finally I can breathe in a mask! It's a little large for me, but I fixed that with ear adjustment pieces and I am so comfortable that I bought 2 sets for my husband and my daughter!
272. Love the product. The scent seems different than before, much stronger. Bit I love it just the same!Had to return and recieve new ones as the first two had spilled out everywhere! Just be aware this can happen.The new ones were packaged perfectly however, no spills.
273. Very roomy backpack for my husbands scooter
274. A delicious way to enjoy chocolate and still stay keto.
275. We really like these tissues because when we have a cold we go through a lot and it saves our nose!  We could never go back now after using the lotion tissues we like puffs brand they are very sturdy and don’t fall apart very easily.  I have found these cheaper in the store and I do have Amazon prime and they are a bit expensive I wish the price would come down I have to buy these online.
276. Holds a lot of stuff in our small RV very well made too!!! Only thing is our headrest is one piece and it is a tight connect.
277. I ordered a small and somehow ended up with either a medium or large. Little big for my taste.
278. If you have never used on before, you will have a learning curve to get over.  It is not an electric razor that you rub back and forth over your face.  you are not trying to get to the base of the hairs, you are "Plucking" them.  Go lightly and slowly across the area you want to pluck.  Repeat a few times as needed.  It will get those pesky hairs just out of sight under you chin or neck, that drive you wild, and will even get the peach fuzz that has gotten long enough to be annoying.  I love this style.  My first was a "Twizzer"  and had only one "tweezer" on the head.  this one has 6 sets of tweezers, alternately single and double.  It gets Everything!  And you WILL get used to the feel of being tweezed by it.  Just give it a chance and you too will love it!
279. Works okay. Is pretty good, but not great.
280. The sweet rose smells amazing!  This is definitely a product that I feel good about using - the ingredients are all natural and the instructions are very clear on how often to clean your mat.  I will say, I spritzed my whole mat from top to bottom after every class, and I am actually out after roughly 15 classes.  In other reviews, I read that it lasted some people a year - fair warning, it won’t.  Other than that, I love it!  I just reordered another bottle!
281. Good product but individual wipes are a bit small unless you are using them on children.
282. The card holder section comes apart easily, the liners don't stay in to hold the cards in place. The magnet is not strong enough to hold the cover closed. I gave it away and ordered one from another company.
283. I use this product for my natural hair and it works good too.
284. This isn't an instant fix as the pictures would suggest, but if you use it regularly it will show a marked improvement over a few weeks.
285. Hand slips on pointed end. Not for thick nails! Nail guard near clipper doesn't allow full nail inside to clip. Catcher doesn't keep clipped pieces inside, they fall out. Clips are rough, jagged, not clean cut edges. Absolutely returned for refund.Sorely disappointed with this item.
286. Always have loved scrub buds.Better priced than other sellers.
287. Doesn't come with a charging cord.
288. The rolls are a bit smaller than you probably would expect. But the TP is just fine.
289. This product is great for cleaning and this is a good price.
290. Do your lures stink? They probably do and you don't realize it. Wash them in this soap and your catch rate will increase.
291. The parts fit together well but the squeegee is too flimsy and too narrow (if you put even a bit too much pressure, it is almost to the metal).  Squeegee doesn't work very well.  Not worth the hassle of returning but wouldn't buy again or recommend.Although you can take it apart to make it shorter, a full telescoping of all parts would be more convenient also
292. Best product out there containing all daily minerals. Great taste, the 2.0 peach is too yucky so I'm sticking with this flavor. Just BEWARE if you are on pain pills or management like Percocet, Oxycoctin, Methadone, etc, taking this daily as directed will clean you of all your meds and put you into withdrawal. Learned that the hard way. My pain DR informed me of this as well. Otherwise, highly recommended.
293. Works wonderful for bridge work and or partials etc. Perfect for hard to reach places or narrow spaces. I am glad I purchased, taking care of my teeth has never been easier! Product arrived in a timely manner. Item in good new condition. Will purchase again! Thank you!
294. It's such a simple design, but the material is so soft and provides great sound dampening. I highly recommend it for road trips and just day time naps. Great product!
295. Maintains sharpness-reasonable price
296. good product
297. I use Dial soap because it does the best job of fighting odor, particularly during the summer when it's so hot and humid in the South.  Leaves me feeling clean and fresh, rinses well, nice fragrance.  Really like the mountain fresh fragrance, but hard to find!
298. Good product, works as advertised. Can use on skin with no irritation for single day use. Do not sure and leave it on, otherwise you will probably get a rash after a few times of this.
299. This is a great comparison to Johnson and Johnson brand
300. Just okay.  Serve their purpose.
301. Is little tight need to wear couple time fit okay.
302. DOESN'T CLEAN ......TRY OUNCES ,OUNCES.... THEN THE REST OF BOTTLE
303. My 6 yr old granddaughter inflated this for me. It's that easy. I do 15 mins a day and have received some pain relief. It's a inexpensive way to get some relief. I've not had this long but so far all the parts work without issue.
304. I didn’t realize it’s going to change structure of my soup, like jello and I don’t like it. Now thinking how can i use it. Good things is it doesn’t change a taste!
305. These liners are a good value. They are thicker than I was looking for, but they worked out.
306. The loofah is very thick. It does not fit nicely in my hand and you need to put a lot of soap on it to get it soapy. Since it's so thick it takes a very long time to dry, much longer than my last one. If it doesn't dry well it will start to grow mold and smell. I would not recommend getting these.
307. Does not fit well under airline seat
308. Nice massager the fabric that's against your neck is a bit rough but over all it works and does what it's job
309. I would give this less stars if I could; stay far, far away.
310. it's a beautiful scale and it's accurate - i have another different kind of scale at home.  they showed almost the same reading.  thanks, etekcity.
311. It really did take care of stuffy smell in the small room
312. I nice love them
313. I just got this product today. I was a little nervous that this product would taste like fish burps i had in the past from capsules of fish oil i took before. I am very delighted to report that the flavor is very acceptable. It tastes like oil with a slight lemon flavor. The fishiness of the flavor is very slight and almost imperceptible.Im going to take 2 teaspoons a day and see if that lowers my cholesterol which is now slightly too high. Ill update this review in the future.
314. Love this product.  Tastes great, no chemical after taste.  Been sick once in three years, feel great with lots of energy.
315. The tool itself is great but it's almost useless bc it won't stay on the floor. The suction cups come off easily. It's a shame bc it could be brilliant.
316. Never had a glass nail file before.  It is very smooth.   Files nails without snagging.  It comes in a nice leather sleeve to carry in your purse. It’s a pretty design as well. Very satisfied with it.  Hoping it will last much longer than my regular foam file.
317. product does a pretty good job and they are much cheaper than custom. Haven't found the perfect product but this one is better than most.
318. I bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. I started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. I also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. I would highly recommend this for many reasons.
319. I bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. I started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. I also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. I would highly recommend this for many reasons.
320. Fell apart within a week of using it.
321. The material is soft and it dresses up your outfit in the winter time
322. Great scale, but must be on a hard floor.
323. I used it to infuse olive oil.  It made a wonderful salve.
324. These inserts are great ! They were recommended by my Dr. and have been a great addition ! I will continue to use them.
325. The best Vitamin C Supplement! . I take first thing in the morning and energized throughout the day! .I definitely recommend this easy to swallow supplement.
326. the product itself looks amazing and fancy. but the package could be better . I hope there is a plastic wrap seal around the box. so it will look like something safe and never been used . just a suggestion
327. I got this to put on my fingers when I polish my nails.  Product itself works great and as advertised, but will need to experiment with it for what I am using it for!
328. Squirrels ate thousands of pecans off of my tree.  We salvaged 3 nuts.  One for me, one for my husband and we split the third one.
329. Variety of sizes is good. Smooth and easy to clean. Rosebud is much more comfortable than single diameter sound.
330. I have had Tinea Versacolor all my adult life. Beside a doctor's prescription, this is the only lotion that worked for me in about a week.
331. I snore, and these cancel out my snoring, and keeps my wife in the same bed.
332. Very cumbersome to use. Didn’t see any difference in curl. A manual crimping curler works far better. Not sure why I was asked drying power and flavor?! 😂
333. Great product, reasonably priced! Works wonders for my sore muscles.
334. Close shave did good
335. I thought the smell was awful. My three kids tasted it and they all hated it. They usually love this kind of stuff. I give them lemon-flavored liquid fish oil, which they love, and it looks like we'll continue with that.Made with algae and it smells and tastes like it. The citrus flavor only seems to make it worse.
336. Not sure whether this company changed their formulauses a different product when shipping to customers vs to store, but these are in the trash. So incredibly chalky, horrid aftertaste
337. We purchased cat base because of the recommendations online. We saw no difference in where the cats came on our property or did not come on our property. We sprayed according to directions we even bought more bottles making sure that we were doing it correctly. Nothing . An expensive nothing
338. A single sheet is good for a pair of underwear. The soap dissolves quickly but the water does not feel too soapy so not sure about the quality of cleaning. Best is to let the clothes sit in the soap solution for 5 minutes before rinsing.
339. At least once a year I do colloidal mineral therapy for my health.  I became a believer in 1999 when I was still in pain after a car accident.  I had healed all that I could.  Then, I heard about colloidal mineral therapy.  Not even a month on it, my healing resumed...I was nutrient deprived.  This is the minerals PLUS vitamins...a good deal if you get just one product.  Tastes good enough to drink straight.
340. I was told that by adding this supplement to my regular regime it would help me with a better absorption of vitamins. Not sure if that’s true or not as I didn’t notice a difference at all.
341. Beautiful gift box that it's easy to esamble ans perfect size for upcoming gifting season! Unfortunately, it was too thin for my needs and would not hold heavier products (candles, body butters, scrubs).
342. Great for hard water
343. They legit sent 24 sponges for $9.xx. I thought this would be fake, but they came in the box you’d get to stock these on a retail shelf. There are eight 3-packs of sponges, with two retail displaysholding boxes. The sponges are blue with blue backs and white scrub dots.
344. Heps to distribute weight to take pressure off sciatica. Comes with nice cover.
345. We used it a few times and it just stopped working
346. Do not buy. This came half empty. This is a horrible deal for the price. Buy from someone else.
347. doesn't block out hardly any noise. you're better off with the free foam ones
348. I got this to test some stuff and it seems to work well enough.Wish it could test dosages as well,but at least I know I got legit gear.
349. Easy to install very comfy great buy
350. Works good for my mother who is 91.
351. These are amazing.  Strong, large, wet.  If nothing else, they’re a popular curiosity with young & old
352. Great product at a great price. Buy it and you’ll be glad you did! Makes a great gift too!
353. Works great!
354. I have thick wavy hair. Didnt really work. It was ok but not how i wanted my hair
355. Sadly the vibration mode quit working on the fourth use. The heat and circulation are working fine.
356. a little thicker than I thought, but what a difference when you walk ,excellent cushioning .
357. Very comfortable earplugs. Would work well at noisy sporting events or concerts.
358. Works great. Nice and quiet.
359. Needed these to replace the batteries in my motion detectors.  They're a great value.
360. This is my third purchase of Better Sleep earplugs. I LOVE THEM. Hubby had had his nose broken SEVEN times (football), so he doesn't just snore: his nose speaks alien languages! I'm not the best at caring for them. I just pull them out and put them on the head of the bed. Then sometimes the cats bat  them around or the grandkids in residence mix them with Playdoh.But that's okay because these earplugs are washable!After 8-12 months I replace them.They're a bargain because they REALLY WORK!
361. Perfect. I bought these on the recommendation of Kelly Starrett from his book Ready to Run.They are exactly what I wanted. Sturdy and well made.
362. I started seeing a podiatrist about six months ago for horrible plantar fasciitis. I purchased these Powerstep ProTech insoles from his office for about $50. These are the same ones I got at his office, and they are less than half the cost!These are firm, and great to add to any pair of shoes. It's important to note that they are covered in fabric, which will wear if you wiggle your toes inside your shoes, or if you put extra weight on one side. My doctor said I would need to replace my insoles in one year; I've actually needed a new pair for about two months.So, I'm glad I've found these. I recommend getting properly fitted for the correct size, and getting a proper diagnosis from a podiatrist, as no insole is for every foot. But I'm pretty happy. I will definitely order these again.
363.  Works great for legs too!
364. Just as described
365. This is great for extra soft skin, buy it.
366. I call these my nunchucks! Camping and hiking (packed ultra light) for 5 days in the ADK I used one to cary medication and vitamins, and used the other one for herbs and spices. If I find another reason to purchase this again, I definitely will!
367. Sounds good, not Bose quality but good for the price. Battery lasts for a few nights sleep.
368. easy to install  easy to remove
369. Works really well! Was surprised at how easy they cut my nails
370. I’m Female,  fingers size 6 ring. It fit my thumb fine. But fell off my index finger several times while trying to brush teeth. It’s way too big for my finger. Also a bit too big for dogs mouth. Can’t get to back teeth.Says it’s .82” diameter. I do like that it comes with a case.I solved the too big for my index finger problem by wrapping a rubber band around the base and securing it to my finger. It’s just for a couple minutes and not too tight that it cuts off my circulation.  So I’ll make it work.
371. I'm rating based on the fact they do work. However these are not the wraps I received. I've used the pictured wraps from the description before. They are more of a waxy texture and are blue and worked great.The wraps I got are very clear just like the crest strips.
372. Works great
373. Cheap. Your better off buying 1 at the store.
374. It’s bathroom cleaner. What more can I say
375. Nice thick nail files
376. I took these on a vacation to Costa Rica rain forest and also to Alaska.  They are very convenient to use and worked!
377. Great on the butt but not great on the legs where the edges of the chair pad end.
378. I bought this because I live in an old house and have paint chips everywhere. Who doesn't right?  The concept is great.  I've searched everywhere - there isn't anything even close to this good.  Those stupid nailpolish bottles won't do - I mean can you honestly fill them up???  So yes these are near perfect. They hold a ton, have space to label, etc.  They are great.My only complaint and perhaps this is just me is that after a lot of usage, the felt pad on every one of them fell off!  So after quite a few touch-ups I had to switch over to squeezing the paint onto a foam brush and then continuing the project.  It kind of defeated the purpose.  It was still convenient because I had the foam brush in the house (thank goodness), but it was still easier than getting a paint can out, etc.  Even at that, I would still purchase again, I just keep a little stash of foam brushes together with these so I remember for when I do my next set of touch-ups.  Not a deal-breaker, just something to be aware of.
379. I go through a lot of lip balms and Pez flavored lip balms are my favorite.  I love the flavors and consistency of Pez lip balms and best of all I don’t have to reapply as often as other brands. My lips feel softer and more moisturized. I really love them!
380. Traveled through out Europe and worked
381. This is the only Oximeter I can trust.  I have two others that are not  reliably accurate every time.  This one is, it's fast too. It comes with a carrying case and long lanyard.  Usb  rechargeable is well worth the cost.  I highly recommend this.
382. These napkins are so thin you can see through them.  There is little fabric to absorb anything when you wipe your mouth or try to dab up a spill.
383. Smaller than expected, but it works great.  Love how easy it is to set it to turn on and off.
384. Our carafe was a nasty mess inside, but no more. This product is easy to use and extremely effective.
385. My husband says it works great for his back
386. Very good for what I needed
387. I've purchased several Emjoi callous items for friends and myself. THIS model is the BEST EVER!!!  Previously, I used Emjoi's battery-operated model and a different Emjoi electrical model.  THIS is the BEST!  EXCLLENT and my favorite item.  Emjoi makes superior products!
388. When our old veggie scrubber broke I bought this one because it was highly rated, and it it great! Would definitely buy again
389. These gloves are awesome! Thick enough that someone as clumsy as me don't have to worry about destroying them.
390. The end could be bigger as I have burned my finger trying to turn. They did give a glove just didn’t put it on. Easy to use and lightweight
391. This massager works great, digs in to those big knots on the shoulders.  I am enjoying sitting and relaxing while the massager and heat  works its magic!
392. Just started using this stuff and love it already.  Besides feeling good, it definitely soothes the aches and pains that I have with my feet and ankles. Also my husband is diabetic and has feet that crack and split - this worked wonders for him. Will definitely keep buying it.
393. I normally use a fairly stiff soapy back brush in the shower. I want to feel like my back area is being cleaned and exfoliated. This is like trying to scrub your back with a rubbery belt - there's no exfoliation and it's "bristles" are too soft and ineffective.
394. I think it helped my breath and seems to have improved bad taste in my mouth but I took this along with doing a detailed dental hygiene program so can't say how much this contributed. I plan to continue it a while longer then stop while continuing hygiene program to see if symptoms return. After that I can update my opinion.
395. These sunglasses slid right on and stayed on. They are dark lens, which is what I wanted. Perfect fit for my medium sized face. Good clear glass.
396. Nice massager. Sometimes it does randomly shut off, but it does get used a lot.
397. Great product!  I recently purchased and used Emmy's Best Pet Odor & Stain Eraser.  My dog was a naughty puppy and urinated in our family room and the odor was strong. After receiving the product, I carefully followed the instructions that came with it.  The results are astounding, it worked! There is no more odor, no more stain, and my dog does not show any interest in returning to the spot.  I will be a repeat customer.
398. I will always have one of these handy.  I bought 3 of them.  They are that good.
399. Bought for a standard desk chair. Was far too wide, in spite of measuring. Hated to return but couldn't use.
400. Comes with zipper cover that straps to standard desk chair. Easily adjustable. Great quality. Excellent support.
401. Used these for years.  Sticks well and can rinse off when needed and use again.
402. works better than goo gone.  we pay this much for an 8 oz spray bottle.
403. works well and is easy to use with plenty of room for me.  Seems to be of sturdy construction.  Have had no problems with it.
404. I've tried many prebiotics and this is one of the best. It tastes pretty good with a kind of tangy flavor which compliments oatmeal, soup, salad, sauces, etc. Now for the gross part: immediately the stool size is larger, and it smells stronger, which indicates more butyrate is being made which is why this is the best prebiotic blend. Makes less gas than inulin prebiotics.
405. Works great.Tip: Don't advance the dosage too fast or it can make you sicker as it activates dormant detox pathways. And don't give up on it if you feel worse. Just cut back until you find the easy safe dose, then let your cravings for it control your intake from there. Your mind will think about it and taste crave it when it's time. Use this with ReMyte, it works well together. Their other product don't make much sense to me, ymmv.It tastes EXACTLY like magnesium chloride, so I don't believe the seller's claim that chloride is removed.
406. The colors are soft, the paper absorbent and the overall feel is quality.  Really like this product and I believe you will too.
407. It helped my wife's sciatic pain.
408. Hair drags, concerned about damageDoesn't heat hot enoughDon't buy
409. These were exactly as expected.  They are vitamins; melt fast, too.
410. Amazing tool for every kitchen. Removes tea stains from cups with a single swipe with just plain water. Removes baked on grease, cleans without marring surfaces, and gets stubborn spots off frying pans when food sticks.
411. Glad I could get tissues in a timely manor
412. I just wanted to give it 5 stars and be done with the review, but they require a description on Amazon...so I'll post my mom's secret chocolate chip cookie recipe here instead (not so secret anymore, is it, Mom!?):4 cubes butter, softened2 heaping cups dark brown sugar (packed, then heap that shiz)½ cups white sugar2 tablespoons vanilla1 ½ teaspoon salt1 ½ teaspoons baking soda3 eggs6 cups flour1 bag chocolate chips (semi-sweet or sweet)Mix BY HAND all ingredients, except flour and chips (mixing by hand makes them taste better, trust me).Then add flour and chips and stir BY HAND. Bake @ 350 for 9-11 minutes on ungreased cookie sheet. Enjoy the preciouses.Note: makes a buttload of cookies, so you might want to halve the recipe.
413. It fulfils a purpose.
414. This product is far superior for sweaters and bras.
415. FloraLife speaks for itself. Very good product. Delivery was fast and professional. The seller was terrific and followed up with me. Perfect!
416. Perfect weight and good quality!
417. I love the size. I love this product and I would purchase it again.
418. Cuts great. Nice and big scissors.
419. Returning pad because it doesn't heat at all. Low setting barley gets warm & high is just warm, not enough heat to penetrate & help aching muscles.
420. About half of them came damaged. But the other half look great and apply easy!
421. Easy to use and looks fantastic.  Do not worry the scale works fine.  Am super pleased with my purchase.  Only very small drawback for me was that fingerprints show easily but are easily removed with a cloth.
422. A+ However a bit difficult to program.
423. Good scissors
424. Love all the colors and they fit well!
425. My son really wanted the characters to play with in the bath. He is a super hero kid. The bubble bath is fine but we really purchased them for the cute, bright figures.
426. Love these - finally a place for larger pills
427. Set is very nice. Needed some birthday supplies for my mom’s Covid Stay at Home Birthday. Make sure you have small hellium tank or access to one
428. The product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
429. The product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
430. Great quality product
431. Rolls easily and well cushioned.  No issues.
432. I  tried to remove the balls off of a sweater and a T-shirt. It damaged the sweater so bad I had to buy my son a new one. It’s like running piece of metal with jagged teeth on your clothes.
433. Nice product but the extended button causes it to pop open in my pocket a lot. Oh well
434. Just what was ordered. Nothing fancy, but durable. Dial easy to read. Matches weight on Doctor's scales when I have gone there.
435. Just what was ordered. Nothing fancy, but durable. Dial easy to read. Matches weight on Doctor's scales when I have gone there.
436. Well made, solid, unobtrusive product. Helps with small transition from dining area onto screen porch.
437. They can be used vertically or horizontally. Great for Christmas cards.
438. My son is a doodler and this was perfect for him.
439. Very disappointed in the quality of the banner. The letters can barely be read. Would not recommend this product.
440. Great shakes for the price
441. I purchased this oil to enhance borage oil cream and I can’t say enough great things about it!  It has healed my dry cracked nails and made my skin feel so hydrated.  My husband is now using it as well.  He has diabetes so his skin heals very slowly.  This organic borage oil has helped the skin healing process for him better than the prescription salve his doctor prescribed!  I really don’t detect any scent at all to this product. I’ve used it by itself on my face and it absorbs in very quickly.  Truly a miracle oil!!  Thank you for makingmarketing it!!
442. These are great! Measure your calves because it makes a difference. If your calves are wide then order accordingly. Great colors to choose from, too.
443. Smells bad, works great! Bought cause we have a neighborhood cat who sprays everything! We don't even have a pet!
444. After my mastectomy, I was advised to not use regular razor to shave my underarm.  This was the perfect replacement.  I also use it for facial hair, no more red rash from waxing.  If I have one criticism, it's that occasionally there is no power when turning it on; so far have been able to fix this by squeezing and pushing on the top.
445. I bought a second one for a friend who tried mine and asked where she could get one.  I love it too.  I have a slight wave to my hair, but it's not always where I want it.  This works so much better than a hair iron; it's quicker and makes it much easier to style your hair.
446. I had to get used to the flavor. But it’s a sweetener that isn’t sugar so it is expected. I have purchased again. I used to use MIO all the time. These seems healthier and they are clear.
447. The inside coating of our cover started falling off after after only a few weeks.  All of the plastic clips to attatch it to ramp are broken and it leaks.  Seller told no refund after 30 days.  I bought another waterproof cover from a different seller for $15 that has heldup better than this one.
448. great bath pillow. never had any issues with suction cups like with previous pillows.  it's lasted for a few years and still going strong.
449. OK FOR A FACE MASK
450. I USE IT FOR EVERYTHING, IT'S THE BEST
451. When handling the "sticky" pads with the TENS 7000 Unit, this holder provides a good place to store your pads after your TENS applications. And, the electrode wires can stay connected to the pads for easy storage inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  The pad holder keeps your TENS pads in a better usable "sticky" condition, because of its raised circular surface pattern, which only allows a percentage of the pad to stick onto the flat surface .You can then detatch the pads easily from that surface, for the next application to your skin.The holder with the pads and lead wires will fit inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  You can store (4) 2"x2" pads, or (2) 2"x4" pads in this holder.I am glad I purchased this product to use with our TENS 7000 Unit. Two thumbs up, with a cherry on top!  I hope this review will help you.  Best and Blessed to all..... :o).>>>
452. My husband will not drive my car without this cushion.  Finally, something that he had sit on for drives over 20 minutes.
453. This stuff works great for DIY e-liquid and is about $10 cheaper then comparable amounts from diy e-liquid suppliers. The 1 quart size has lasted me over a year and I make e-liquid for myself and my sister. Great value and free shipping if you have Amazon Prime.
454. Main ingredient in my diy juice for over two years
455. I will be buying these again!
456. If you like snacking Yacon Slices are ideal.  Slightly moist and chewy and sweet.  I, however, am not a 'snacker'.  I bought them for the gut benefits.  Yacon contains a prebiotic, Inulin, which breaks down into a probiotic, fructoogligosaccharides, which helps promote a healthy, happy gut.  Yacon is a pleasant way to keep your microbiome happy.
457. I like this cleaner more than the last one I purchased.  The lavender smell is not pungent, just enough to give a nice aroma.  Cleans my mat very well.
458. My naturopath recommended this for me. I put it in my morning smoothies and don’t taste it at all.
459. I use baby oil mainly to remove eye make up. It is less expensive & does a better job than the make up wipes I've tried. This also works well as a body moisturizer when applied after bathing. Will definitely buy again.
460. These come in an unsealed package; not even a piece of cellophane tape to seal them. It is for this reason that I am afraid to use them.
461. Best idea EVER!  The design makes it possible for the user to feed themselves successfully!  Highly recommend for adult with disabilities (permanent or temporary).
462. These are too short and cheap.  No real control possible.  I may use them for other applications than my ears.
463. I really like this jewelry organizer. It has lots of compartments for all my bracelets to fit securely. It has some zippered pockets too. I can't wait to travel with it!
464. I love these nail files as they are the only ones that I will use.  Thank you so much.
465. Nice boards that last long.
466. It's shorter than I am comfortable with. Also it does not screw into the bottle so a little unnerving to squeeze it for fear of having the thing pop off into the mess.
467. I found that the Ulla sometimes did not blink regularly, but the worst thing is that it falls off if you rub or bump it against anything.  Consequently, I lost it in a movie theatre.  They need to make the clip tighter so it doesn't come off the band as easily.
468. Love this planter. I put it outside and attached it to my fence with zip ties. Dill and potatoes are thriving, even in the Texas heat.
469. Passes the freeze test, so far so good but only a blood test will tell me how it actually works. Stay tuned for the results.
470. Can't live without it!!
471. This glycerine is high quality- thick and clear. I like that it was collected from sustainable palm (supposedly). I bought it to preserve fall leaves (I read that you could use a 2:1 waterglycerine ratio and soak fall leaves in it to preserve the color and flexibility of the leaf- turns out this is NOT true (it worked kind of for green leaves, a bit less so for yellow leaves, and not at all for redorange leaves) and even though it didn't work, that's not the fault of the company. I will use the rest to make soap!
472. The glasses arrived in 10 days (from China to the West Coast), well packed, in perfect condition. They included a sturdy, trim little black zippered case and a microfiber cleaning cloth.I bought these after reading an article about ways to increase energy; apparently, looking at electronic screens exposes you to a blue light that tends to keep you in “awake mode”...which means it’ll be difficult to sleep when you want to an hour or so later. Yellow or orange tinted lenses block the blue light, decreasing eye strain and allowing you to fall asleep more naturally—even if you tend to be eyeing those screens right up until bedtime, like I do.They seem to work! And the magnification is fine. I’m buying another pair for work.
473. This product was recommended by a friend who had major heart surgery.  My husband had been on a blood thinner and bruised easily - he is no longer bruising.  Articles recommend magnesium for every over 60.  We are so glad we are taking chelated magnesium!
474. Best investment ever.  Large and soft enough to wrap around smaller parts of body.  Stays cold for a long time.  Love it.
475. This oil smells absolutely amazing! I use it in my diffuser almost daily. Smells so nice.
476. This tooth powder makes my teeth sparkle like nothing else.  Very good at removing everyday stains.
477. Product in perfect condition.
478. This is a great pill container! I have one and purchased another for a friend. The look is very classy and great to throw in the suitcase or purse when traveling.
479. I’m glad they redesigned the motor onoff switch. The motor works great, now I hope it lasts.
480. Just what I needed for my bottles with squeez tops!Watch some of the videos where a lady has rearranged the slots to meet her needs! Way cool!I got the finished box but I almost wish I'd hotter it unfinished. I don't like the smell and I'm afraid that once my oils are in it, that smell will mix badly. Maybe I'll just set it out with the lid open for a week.
481. This product didn't lift yellowing caused by long-term storage in any way.
482. Love this toothbrush. I can use it for about two weeks and then I have to recharge it. Has lots of great settings. Will purchase again if I need to.
483. Mixes well with anything. Helps digestion. I use daily mix with cucumber.
484. I love this stuff. It really helps get the smells out, even better than vinegar.
485. This stuff is awesome........ I'll be keeping this in the cupboard for my percolator cleanings.
486. I use it for everything. Indestructible!
487. Colors are great, price is good. I noticed someTubes not completely full, with air coming out before paint. I use a lot of white so that was gone before I even opened most other colors. This is a good starter set as long as a gloss and extra white is ordered separate.Also if stored for a long period I would use a plastic bag to seal them in because the caps are not that tight.
488.  I've had issues with oily skin and was looking for a supplement that would help clear up my pours 😣 I came across this Skin Elixir, and it's fantastic! After a few days of taking a serving in the morning, I could feel and see a noticeable change in my skin. My face feels ALOT clearer😊 It's packed full of vitamins and minerals that make me feel more energetic and healthy than any other superfood supplement drink I've had. If you're looking for a scientific backed approach to healthier looking skin, give it a try. I loved this product and you will too 💚
489. I dont really know how to review a probiotic. However I will say I was on antibiotics for a bit, and it tore my digestional tract up, and these help get my body back on a &#34;normal schedule&#34;
490. My purchase arrived on time, and I’m very happy with my product.
491. Fit perfect and you can handle hot things without a problem
492. Followed instructions to the note and didn't see results or feel any difference. Easy to follow instructions and packets though.
493. Made very, very well. great service
494. This is a very funny way to protest our Orange Leader.  The only drawback was that it came weeks after I needed it.  But I will save it for next year's White Elephant Gift for Christmas.
495. This was for my daughter.  Think she is very happy wit.
496. Our Breville Nespresso maker flashed and the manual said it needed descaling so I looked on Amazon and found this set. It worked easily following the included directions. You could see the milky calcium water coming out if the machine.
497. When Bill G. publicly announced the coming outbreak of smallpox this old time cure immediately became popular (oct.nov.2021). Then Merck found some "mis-labeled vials" lol  of smallpox!! Coincidence "we think not". Be prepared. This product is made in India.
498. This stuff is hot folks. We were used to the regular green stuff and the max freeze. This "pro-mix"has a lot of menthol in it. My physical therapist recommended cutting it with some good lotion. We did and it works great. You can make 2 tubes out of one. If you can stand it right out of the tube, you are much tougher than we are, lol!
499. Good stuff, sealed excellent. Put on 3 coats, polished next day and it looks great and all sealed up tight!
500. THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY WORKS CORRECTLY IF INSTALLED PROPERLY.  NO INSTRUCTIONS COME WITH THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL WITH THE LOOSE SWITCH CONNECTION WHICH HAS TO BE ON THAT PART OF THE SWITCH WHEN YOU PUT IT IN THE FLASHLIGHT FROM THE BOTTOM.  I FOUND CAREFULLY TAKING THE TOP PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY OFF CAREFULLY OBSERVING THE SWITCH PART OF THE ASSEMBLY, WHICH IS EASY TO LOOSE, AND THEN CAREFULLY PLACING THAT PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, WITH THE SWITCH PART ON TOP, INTO THE BOTTOM OF THE FLASHLIGHT AND THE USING TWO BATTERIES MOVE IT IN PLACE AND SCREW THE BOTTOM INTO THE FLASHLIGHT.  AFTER THIS INSTALL THE TOP WITH THE TWO RAISED POSTS ALIGNED WITH THE HOLES IN THE INSTALLED BOTTOM PORTION.  INSTALL THE BULB AND IT SHOULD LIGHT WITHOUT THE LENS PORTION.  SCREW ON THE LENS PORTION AND WHEN IT IS BASICALLY SCREWED IN THE BULB SHOULD GO OUT.I HOPE THIS INFORMATION IS OF SOME USE AND PROPERLY INSTALLED THE REPLACEMENT SWITCH WORKS FINE.
501. So easy to use. Whether sitting or standing. I would buy it again.
502. Perfect little cake plates for any party. Guests got a kick out of them.
503. To be fair I have a very old Ace bandage that I was replacing so newer ones may have already improved over the years. Regardless, this is a nice package of 4 wraps with 2 clips each and at least 2 extra included which was a nice touch seeing as how those always tend to bendbreak at the teeth or get lost altogether. The material had a good feel and a really nice stretch to it vs my older one. So long as these hold up through a few uses I would definitely purchase them again. If they do not hold up reasonably well I'll update this review.
504. My wife has major knee issues.  I purchased this and installed per instructions.  If you're a handy man type, this will pose no problem for the installation.  The white color matched the white porcelain of the toilet.  The base of the Toto Drake is longer than Toilevator's 22.3 inch length and extends off the platform 1 inch in the back.  It doesn't effect stability.  I know it can hold just over 300 lbs. without structural failure, in the 2 months we have had it.I purchased the item because there were no ADA or otherwise round toilets available 3.5" taller than the Drake and this Toto has been great operationally and for longevity of parts.  With the Toilevator's 3.5" lift, I kept my original toilet, and my wife's knees are much easier to extend when she stands up.  I was rather concerned about the weight, but it said 500 lbs. was the limit.  It has proved sound.  It has been easy to clean.  The toilet hasn't shifted or slid on the base.  The bolts extended higher than the top of the Toto toilet base.  I just purchased a deep cap rather than cut them.  All needed items are in the kit, except for the deeper bolt cap covers.  I also needed a new bowl gasket (seals the tank to the bowl) as I took off the tank to make handling much easier for me.****The only issue for me were the closet bolts that were supplied (These connect the toilet base and the Toilevator to the sewer flange at the floor).  The heads of the bolts were round, not flat, and appeared to be galvanized.  They should be stainless steel.  They would not fit under the flange.  I simply ground the head and sides down a bit till they fit, and applied plumbers grease to the threads to prevent the bolt and nut becoming rusted together.  Years of experience have taught me to think ahead.......
505. Great price - fantastic quality. Would purchase again
506. Ordered these four years ago and they are still going strong despite tough daily wear.  Withstand surface washing with soap or antiseptic wipes, and candle wax comes off with a quick blast from a blow dryer.  Haven't faded despite years of sun exposure.  Can be used as a trivet for hot dishes.  Quality for everyday use but nice enough for casual entertaining as well.  Highly recommended!
507. Great for tiny spots.
508. Love these bags
509. I love the curls
510. I love these nursing pads although they are kind of too sturdy and strong. I prefer the bamboo pads. They wash well and fit well! They are oversized and I always wore them in a cami without a bra and you couldn't ever tell! They never leaked through my clothes and I leaked a LOT!
511. works well,stays closed
512. Thought they were going to be pure.  copper. Package states they are stainless steel
513. This step does not work for me. It slides all over and I have nearly fallen several times.  I tried to put tape on the bottom, but it’s still slick.
514. Great Nail Dryer
515. I was a little skeptical, but I've used this after over-doing a run and even for a sinus headache that neither naproxen or ibuprofen relieved. It really works well and doesn't upset my stomach.
516. Good probiotics are pricy and this is worth it. EAZY to take no taste put it in my drink first thing in the am.
517. Like the design of this card keeper.
518. I have very dry and cracked skin on one foot. I have been using Zim's for about 20 years, it is the ONLY thing that helps me. It actually heals the cracks. I've tried all of the usual remedies such as Vaseline, olive oil, coconut oil and everything else you would think of. Zim's is the only product for me.
519. Great for travel and to keep things organized at home.
520. These are helpful and don't rub off. I forget they are on.
521. I have never used a eyelash curler before in my life. I bought this one because it was reasonably priced and the reviews were good. So far it is working fine for me . I use videos and friendly advice to use them. I do not have long lashes naturally. So maybe next I will try false eyelashes. This stuff is on my bucket list.
522. I've had trouble making fermented vegetables w just sea salt so wanted to try a culture.  My veggies turned out great with this culture! Will be making more soon!
523. Find these do a great job in soap scum in the shower.  Wish they were more durable
524. It has been do difficult to get the insides of the carafe clean when all that I can reach inside with is a bottle brush. I followed the instructions and was able to remove most of the stains except where the bottle brush can't reach on the upper inside edge.
525. I ground the corn with my kitchen aide attachment and turned it into the best cornbread we have ever eaten.
526. One of my favorite fairy babies. so adorable.
527. As advertised
528. Based on the good reviews, I was hoping this would be better. I have a herniated disc between L5 and S1. This product is very large and very hard. It hurt my back so I will be donating it to a friend's father who is in a wheelchair.
529. Great little boxes for Xmas gifts.  I bought to put homemade Christmas ornaments in and give as gifts.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a simple box for gifts, and no dealing with wrapping paper.
530. I like these loofah soaps. These, however, seemed like the loofah was placed too close to the edge. In the past, they were in the middle of the soap bar. But I like the soap, the scents and the price. Will try again.
531. exactly what I wanted!
532. Me and my bf were curious what our blood types were so I order two. They’re a really good price imo. I’m a baby with needles but the one used in the kit isn’t bad. Just a quick prick and you have your results right away. After we got our results we’ve been making sure to donate blood as much as possible. Good kit for
533. The product is OK for that extra little boost of energy but was using it to try to lose those extra few pounds that never came off
534. This could be a great product but the whole instruction book is in i think chinese!!!!
535. This brand was cheaper than another popular brand, but it seems fine. I have used it for several weeks, and I put it in a bowl of water in the microwave for a couple of minutes every week or so. I already bought another one to take on an upcoming trip just because I wanted to start with a fresh sponge. It seems to do a good job getting my face clearn.
536. Using this on my 6 month old baby for nebulizer. Works great.
537. PROs:The product arrived at my house sooner then expected like most AMAZON stuff.It worked ONCE.CONs:It's NOT working!I've replaced the wire = still doesn't work.I've replaced the pads = still doesn't work.I've tried every channel = still doesn't work.I've recharged it = still doesn't work.The screen lights.The TIMER counts down.The 'CH', 'TENS' & the chosen TENs' ICON MODE blinksflashes; but, NO FEELing!!!I WISHED I had bought the TENs & EMS unit from the company that made my TIGHT for LIFE KEGEL 8 unit that still works after 20 years of use w a 9v battery.
538. This one is in my bedroom on my nightstand. I absolutely love this and I put a few drops of essential oils in the top part and I sleep like a baby!
539. Comfortable fit well good value for price
540. Looked great
541. Helps the arthritis in my neck and shoulders
542. This product is a nice product to prevent skin breakdown. I cut a one inch piece out of it because I was trying to cover a small reddened area of the skin on the buttocks. It didn't stay on very well, however the length of time that it stayed helped to heal and prevent skin breakdown. I think using the whole pad would have been better so it would adhere better. It is a good product.
543. My girlfriend used it on a burnt pot and it did a good job. After seeing the results, I wanted to get it for myself in case I need it.
544. Have shared this with several friends.  Great on windows and countertops, not to mention so many other places around the house. Only disappointment is that Florida Labs does not share the recipe for this.  Found on another site.Recipe: 1 oz. D-limonene, 1 oz. alcohol, 1 tsp Dawn deterent, added to a qt. spray bottle and fill with water.  It called for a different soap product, but I use Dawn for most everything, including our furbabies  bath.
545. I had a Geo Matt from 15 years ago and loved.But figured it was time to replace.  These are good but not as good as the old ones.  They will not last 15 years but if they make it 5 I will be happy.  I love the way they feel.  I was first informed of them by a hospital and am glad,  The egg crate don't compare or the memory foam cover.Love these.
546. Simple to use, easy to clean.  Unfortunately it uses a lot of water to create the vacuum, so that's a downside.  I could use siphoning as a means to change water in my tank but the distance to the sink from my tank is 30 feet, so it's a little difficult to make it happen easily, but could be in the future because of the water usage.
547. I have a pair of duck boots and I have a few pairs of tennis shoes that have developed a smell that is somewhat gross!  I sprayed them with10-Seconds disinfectantdeodorizer and the smell has either been reduced to a minimum or removed.  I have applied this product at different intervals depending on how often I wear the pair of shoes.  It does a good job!
548. This is NOT a crappy thin cake pan as it looks. It is a heavy gauge nice cake pan. My wife bakes custom cakes and someone asked for a breast feeding themed smash cake. Of coarse all the detail is done with fondant but this will give you a good base to start from. You have to set this pan on another flat pan to sit on the grate in the oven and i believe it added to the cook time so as always make sure its done all the way through. Our first cake wasnt done and sunk when we pulled it out lol.  Overall great cake pan
549. I bought this foot spa to help &#34;refresh&#34; my husband's tired feet after work, and he LOVES it.I use this spa with very warm water (100 degrees), add in some Epson salt and set a timer for 20 minutes.  The instruction suggest not using the unit for longer than 20 minutes so that is why I set a separate timer.  The spa has a built in heater and keep the water around 98 degrees.
550. Wish it was a little thicker. Otherwise it will do the job.
551. Okay, well it’s okay, kind of short like its designed for short people.  The first thing I am confused about and need to bring it up is the brand, mines came with Chinese writing all over it, so I'm not sure about YWSHF Spin Sweeper 3 in 1 this name is featured online.  Makes me feel like I was shipped a knock off brand, also the color shows turquoise but I received a royal blue unit.It works okay, does not pick up anything big, not sure about the peanut and shells they should this unit picking up, possibly because what I received might be a knock off.  But again, it’s okay, it’s a good thing it only cost $12.99, oh but wait I could have gotten it off of eBay for cheaper with a few extra items.
552. These are hard to find in a store. Exactly what I was looking for. Thicker, longer and higher quality.
553. Tried these for awhile. Sponge is a nice size, has a rope to hang from a hook. What makes them nice is the exfoliating size. It's not too harsh and works great. Definitely liking them!
554. At first, these heel cups felt like cushy heaven; in the first few hours of wearing them, I thought I had solved a painful back problem.  But after a few days of using a set all day every day, it became clear they added to my already painful back problem by being too thick.  They threw my spine out of alignment and a pinched nerve became excruciating. I could hardly get out of bed or even move around. The only relief was NOT using these for an entire day. Also, they were so sticky that when I slipped my foot into the shoe, the heel cup moved forward with my foot.  I had to hold the cup down with my finger as I put my foot into the shoe. I cannot recommend these, especially if you are dealing with a degenerated spinal disk.
555. This is a great product, and is extremely helpful for someone with blood sugar issues.  It takes some experimentation for cookingbaking, but is worth the effort.  I love it.
556. My rocking Santa is a whimsical addition to my window sill. I enjoy seeing him rocking.
557. Unlike other filters, this one actually helps to reduce the amount of fog on my glasses. It is hard to wear a mask if you can't see through your glasses. This makes seeing easier.
558. Cheap made. A waste of money.
559. My hair needs to get a little longer and I think this tool will work great.  My hair doesn't stay in it very well at its current length.
560. Great comfort, warm too.  Fits good , a size 13 my husband wears and he likes these very much.
561. These were easy to use.  They came off very easy too, accidentally in fact.  I wiped my Bullfrog sunscreen over it and it washed right off because of the alcohol in the sunscreen.  No complaints though.
562. best microwave steamer bags, best price.
563. Great for use below stability tape. Also great to have around to keep a bandaid in place.
564. Works well. We have a European dishwasher that requires power. Not as good as the high end powder.
565. Fiberlock - Aftershock - EPA Registered Fungicidal Coating - 1 Gallon - 8390I'm an environmental consultant.  One of the things we do is indoor air quality investigations, including cases of water damage and mold growth.Our top independent mold abatement contractors use AfterShock.  If it's good enough for them (their reputation depends upon eliminating the mold permanently), then it's good enough for me.Remove any deteriorated building materials first, and then thoroughly disinfect the affected area with a suitable product (e.g., Shockwave RTU).  Be sure that the building materials are DRY before applying AfterShock.Read and follow the directions carefully.  Do not thin the product... apply with a sprayer or brush.  You should extend your treatment cleanup AT LEAST 2 - 4 feet beyond any area where there was evidence of mold.
566. It works for my purpose and I have it connected to a Phillips oxygen concentrator to get even more ozone out of this generator.  If you connect items to the ozone generator other than the ones provided you will need to purchase an oxygen tubing swivel adaptor.  I have not used my setup to make ozonated oil.  It seemed more cost effective to purchase the oil from a manufacturer considering how much time it takes to make it.  This model provides more power allowing for better shielding and effectiveness a few feet from unit.  The programmed setting are exactly what you need making this easy to use.  It isn't loud.  My reader says 57 decibels.
567. Put it in and it fits fine around my car seat.  I don’t think any cartruck seat will have a problem if it is a bucket seat. I will test it out and adjust the review if I have any issues..  So far it seems supportive.  I like the fact that there is no memory foam, so no odor.  It came shipped in a big box so no issues with the quality of the product upon arrival.  If I can figure out where I put my calcium everything would be great.Update-Air freshner smell stuck to product and does not smell like lavender.  Returned.
568. Usable inexpensive readers that don't cost $24 like the ones at Wholefoods. Great value for 5 bucks.Update: My rating dropped by 2 stars due to the TRIPLING OF THE COST to $15 bucks in a year!
569. Have tried several arch support brands & this one seems to be the only one that actually provides (4cm) stablizing reinforcement to my high arches . Have re-occuring plantar faciatis & these help stabilize my arches to help reduce pain.  Formed plastic EVA doesn't deform when standingwalking to provide consistent support.
570. Makes it easier for my mother to feed herself
571. I have dry mouth. I had tried the more commonly found one but it tasted downright nasty! Found this Natural Dentist Brand for dry mouth which has all natural ingredients, no preservatives or artificial coloring in it. They used to have a Cool Mint flavor but apparently discontinued it because I can't find it online or anywhere anymore. So tried this. It still works great and is the natural product but the taste is not as refreshing as the Cool Mint.
572. I’ve been overall happy with this! Not having to try to maneuver around a cord while using it has been very helpful and the battery last long enough for grooming jobs that can be done at home
573. Great feeling to please
574. I love it and have used it all over house and in car. Battery doesn't last as long as stated but several uses for sure. Great item
575. I would recommend !!! Came in with extra battery and small spray container , not sure for what I'm guessing you can add mouthwash to it or just water in case you on the go and using your little tools for your tonsil stones .
576. I would recommend !!! Came in with extra battery and small spray container , not sure for what I'm guessing you can add mouthwash to it or just water in case you on the go and using your little tools for your tonsil stones .
577. I do a LOT of research before buying or trying products, and it's been a while since I've had a product that made me so happy.  I think this is a great value product.When I first started working with a personal trainer a few years ago, one of the first things he made me buy was a foam roller.&#34;Why?&#34;  I asked&#34;So you can work out knots in your muscles.  Trust me, you’ll want it&#34;So I ordered one of those giant long big blue foam rollers that they have in gyms.  It was cumbersome, but it was effective.  I didn't realize how tight my muscles were until I rolled on these rollers and let the weight of my body press against the roller.  It was so good but so painful.  And as much as I liked using it, I hated storing it.  I was living in a loft at the time and that thing was really unsightly.Then I saw this 3 in 1 roller and was really excited to try it.  The 3 in 1 roller has basically 3 rollers that stack neatly inside one another.  There’s the outer roller (most similar to what I had before), a gear shaped roller for more targeted pressure points, and a rolling massage stick.  It’s shorter but I’m still able to fit both legs on the roller.  It also cost the same as my giant long blue tube roller.  I like that it's compact enough to hide from sight when not in use.  I like the firmness of the large roller and small roller, and the whole kit feels very sturdy and well constructed.  The only slightly annoying thing is that the massage stick fits very snug into the gear roller so it takes a lot of effort to pull out, and I worry whether the handle might break over time.  Better that than too loose and constantly falling out, I guess.Foam rolling works based on the idea that pressure applied to certain body parts helps to work out knots and relieve pain.  Until I started using foam rollers I didn’t realize how many knots I had in my body.  I do stretches regularly but you still don’t get it all out.There are a number of great roller positions you can use.  The ones I find most effective are for my quads and hamstring.  You prop your roller onto your hamstrings (or quads) and hold a low plank with the weight centred over the roller.  Hold position for a few seconds at a time where you feel pain  discomfort and slowly roll up and down every part of your legs.  The same concept works with calves and glutes.  Just roll slowly onto the roller putting as much weight as you can on the point of contact between the roller and your body.My back and neck are often sore, so I’ll lie on my back with the large roller tucked under my lower back and then arch backwards.  With the gear roller, I like propping it under my neck and pushing down on the pain pressure points.  I’ve also run the massage stick up and down sore spots on my neck and along my shoulders.Overall there are lots of uses and plenty of exercises you can look up online.  It’s a great way to work out muscle knots and relieve soreness and tightness from exercise.  It also loosens your muscles and prevents tearing.  I received a review sample of this roller for my honest opinion, and I wouldn’t hesitate to purchase another if I were to misplace this one.
578. we like it for the price we paid, bought at open box pricing. can't find the directions for the remote.........
579. not very comfortable
580. The size and the fact that it is rechargeable make it perfect for travel.  Unless you are travelling for a long time you won't need to take the charger because it holds a charge for a decent amount of time.  I use it everyday because, without cords, it is easy to use in the shower.  It would be 5 stars if the "soft" setting were a little softer.
581. Compact, convenient, high quality talking alarm.  What I like the most about this product is it automatically resets it's self every day.  It tells which boxdose was missed.  And each little box is tight closing.  And it so convient to slip out the day's container, and attach to the alarm, and easily slip into pocket.Cons: Alarm volume is too low for even good hearing. I am going to call the company to see if any way to raise the volume.  Each box when carried off the main holder, has no day of the week labeled.  This is a big problem if traveling for a few days and do not have the space to carry the entire week
582. great heavy duty knife.
583. This plastic bucket was just what I was looking for.  Something I could fill up with warm to hot water and soak my feet in while I am sitting on the sofa watching tv at night.  My feet fit in it perfectly and I wear 9.5 mens.Filled about 34 of the way with water, it can get heavy but the handle doesn't feel flimsy.  Don't fill to the top or else water may splash out as you carry it.  The bottom has little massaging bumps - kinda like reflexology.If you are the type to balk at paying $15-18 for a plastic bucket, this is not for you, I'd recommend you get two rubbermaid buckets and use those instead.  Sometimes you have to splurge and get the thing that best fits your needs and is designed for the purpose.This bucket does not keep the water hot or warm - it is just a plastic bucket but it should be enough for a good 15-20 min soak if you start with water thats hot enough.
584. Great for in house and travel bags.
585. This item wasn’t what I thought and seemed a bit on the cheap side.  It works though.
586. Very Soft and hanger included I love these!
587. I was worried about that sharp apple cider taste but to my surprise these were really good. I take it in two bites and you do get a whiff of the cider but that's it just a whiff. It also has pom and beet juice which is so good for your health. My hubby and I both started on these and within a couple of days we both just felt a difference, better lighter hard to explain but good! So came back and ordered 2 more bottles. This is one of those items really I'm really glad to take a chance on and be happy with the results.
588. I have extremely low blood pressure. My cardiologist recommended that I eat more salt. Unfortunately, I was unable to eat enough to raise my blood pressure. The pills helped a little more than salting my food. Now I’m taking a prescription medication to raise my blood pressure to normal so I don’t fall if I stand up quickly.
589. Delicious
590. It always irked me that I squeeze as much toothpaste out as possible but there's so much left that goes to waste. These little things are great for getting almost all of it out. Not just for toothpaste, I also use them on other squeezable tubes. Easy to use just slip it on the post & begin to roll. I must reorder because I need more of them.
591. Package arrived in great condition. Nice amount for the low price. Love these Puffs.
592. Love these vitamins. Have not tried them yet but I chose these over many others because I am sure they will help my health problem. Thank you
593. I really wanted something to help me deep clean my scalp, so I bought this product.  it does a good job of scrubbing my hairline but when it comes to scrubbing the top of my head, all is does is tangle my hair in a  nice big knot.  No big deal, but I probably won't purchase again.
594. Smaller container than realized
595. Liked this powder.  It is as described & arrived on time.
596. Haven't used it a great deal yet but I like the idea of a bug guard in lotion form.  It is exactly as described & arrived promptly.
597. Item as described. Good cleaning item.
598. Good product but not cheap using on large area
599. I cant tell you how much I love this bangle I did not get my name on it.  I loved the word hope on it so I ordered it that way.  Because we all need hope in the world with everything that is going on!  Thank you so much!  I wear it everday and it holds up great!
600. This Lavender essential oil seems very pure in aroma, consistency and color. It does have the botanical name Lavandula Angustifolia on the bottle and the USDA Certified Organic seal. If you want to know why I believe this to be 100% Lavender (Lavandula Angustifolia) essential oil then read on. I am not an expert and I do not have expensive lab equipment to test the ingredients in the essential oils with but I have years of experience with essential oils. I want people who buy them to be safe, so I make sure I check everything I can before I give a final rating. To me it is either a 100% essential oil or it's not. The three things I check when I get an essential oil is first is the aroma, second is the consistency of the essential oil and third is the color. I do not rate an essential oil on if I like or don't like the aroma. I do rate an oils aroma on the way it should be. With all natural essential oils, the aroma can be slightly different from batch to batch, even from the same distiller, depending on when it was harvested or many other factors but you should still know that it is Lavender essential oil. If I write a review on an essential oil, it will be an essential oil that I have years of experience with, I read about that essential oil and know what to expect, and I have bought this essential oil with the same botanical name from more than the source I am reviewing. I have bought Lavender essential oil (Lavandula Angustifolia) in the past from many companies but now I have seven others besides this one. I did check to see if there was a carrier oil in it and I did not find any oily substance in this Lavender essential oil. Essential oils are not really oil or a fat and to test for an oil or a fat, I used a very easy method of evaporation. With this test, you need to know that some essential oils evaporate within minutes and there are some essential oils that can take days to evaporate and with citrus oils that are cold pressed, you need to know that sometimes they can fail this test and can leave small amounts of non-volatile compounds that can leave a mark but should never leave an oily mark. Also, this “test” is only valid on essential oils that have been diluted with an oily compound. This does not mean that the essential oil if it passes this test is pure because many essential oil companies cut their oils with alcohol, or other solvents that will leave no oily residue behind. Please learn everything you can about the essential oil you are going to buy and if you can buy up to four of the same botanical name essential oil from different companies. Remember there are many companies that dilute their essential oils with either carrier oils or solvents and alcohols and they are hoping you do not know enough about that essential oil. I depend on reviews myself when I order products and will only write an honest review with the knowledge that I have about a product. I receive this product for a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
601. Havent really noticed a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. I have been using it once a day. It is a very fine powder.
602. My husband said his shoes were stinky, so I went to Amazon planning to buy those sneaker balls. I saw this product and decided to try it based on all the positive reviews. After using it once my husband said the odor went away. I haven't checked back with him, but he has plenty left. Great invention!
603. I chose this curling brush because I read ceramic tourmaline is for thinner, fine hair like I have. It produced nice curls and my hair stayed curly a little longer than usual but I didnt see anything much different than other curling brushes.I had quite a difficult time learning how to curl my hair without a clip. I guess the no clip is for curls to look more natural.I think it is a misprint that it is on sale from $149 as it states.It did the job of curling my hair but it didnt go above and beyond regular curlers
604. At first I thought this was just weird. Black and unlike other conditioners I've used. It's got a faint charcoal scent. I gave it a shot and it actually works really well to get the gunk off my hair. Whereas most conditioners feel slippery, this one actually feels the opposite. I can't say I prefer that or not, but something to be aware of.  Give it a shot.
605. This was a gift for our Godson who we were told loved it.  The whole family enjoyed playing the game.
606. I feel I got what I paid for. At $7.62 I was not expecting anything too terribly great but I put it on and after less than 6 hours of wearing noticed the elastic has already stretched and is gone. I was hoping to get at least a weeks use out of each bandage but doubt I will get that.
607. Great smell, and it's safe for my son who had severe eczema.  I get complimented all the time on how our clothes smell and it's because of this and the dryer spray that method sells.
608. Bought for gifts for grandkids.  Great idea.
609. If you wear jewelry beware because your jewelry will get caught on this and could be damaged if you try to pull it off.
610. Easy to apply after bathing without spilling.  This is nice product without being too greasy.  Fine mist will do the trick without pouring it in your hand and possibility of spilling.
611. Can't say I would ever use this.  It doesn't fit well in a car seat and isn't comfortable enough for the house.  I like the idea, but it isn't functional in a front bucket seat in a large car. My husband needs a little help in and out of the car and this was of no use to us.
612. Great for sever's disease . My son said are very comfortable and are helping a lot with the pain.
613. Worked twice second time wouldn't even come on for five minutes so it really worked once. Then no lights no heat MADE IN CHINA garbage!  In the process of moving I don't have a printer to return so this is beyond inconvenient and with a stiff neck. Running to print labels and return. Second time this week.I guess I'm just frustrated with being the best nation on the earth and having the crappiest products on the planet because of China and the terribke deals we have made in this county. I'm done shopping online because of this
614. Helps with inflammation
615. This ice pack works on small area like my hand..but comes out of the freezer very hard. I need to wait a while for it to soften and be more comfortable. But I do like that it is not bulky or difficult for me to hold.
616. This eye glass case is made of a very hard material and was not easy to open and close.  When I tried to return it to the vendor, (who I think was out of the country) they were not helpful. So I still have the item but never used it.
617. Nice set. Love the blue color.
618. I have problems with calloused heels and so I need to do some exfoliation from time to time.  I've used the battery-powered Emjoi for years, but I got tired of replacing the batteries.  This one is more convenient, more powerful, and faster.WARNING:  Be careful!  This can very easily grind too much skin off the feet and create a wound.  It is best to go easy.
619. I'm glad I found this product.  A few pumps a day rubbed into the skin delivers transdermal magnesium.  I used to use the flakes to make a bath, and I also used the flakes to make a transdermal spray, but I like the lotion better.  It is effective and easy to use.Bath got too expensive because I had to use so much of the product to get the correct concentration.  And the spray method is very messy because so much of the spray goes onto other surfaces rather than my skin.  The spray-on method also leaves a chalky residue on my skin.This lotion glides on the skin and stays where it is put.  It soaks in quickly and leaves my skin soft.Highly recommended.
620. I read somewhere that in Ancient Egypt, silver was prized even more highly than gold.  Do you think it was because they knew that Silver has the ability to prevent and cure disease???  Throughout human history it has been used to sanitize everything from drinking water to surfaces.  Over the past several years I have been discovering the value of silver as a disinfectant, antimicrobial and antiviral remedy.  First, I found nano silver in a liquid form that it ingested internally.  That was 4 years ago and I haven't been sick since my first dose.  My latest discovery is silver ointment and gels for the skin.  WOW!Now, I have been using the Silver Shield Gel for external applications and it is every bit as effective for cuts, blisters, blemishes, acne, boils and all other problems the present on the skin.  I dab a little bit of this on any kind of eruption and it is usually gone within 24 hours.  I cannot believe that an inexpensive, natural and safe substance can be so effective and yet there are so many people who don't know about it!Silver Shield and Silver Sol are two products that belong in every person's first-aid kit.  Get Some!  :-)
621. This make up brush is so dissappointing. Good quality makeup brushes are not hard to find, but the kind that retract seem to be few and far between. I was so glad to find this little brush, because I travel a lot and have trouble keeping my make up brushes clean.As soon as I opened the package, the lids fell off! They are so loose that it is no use even trying to use these brushes for their intended purpose. I tried crimping the lids a little so they would grip, but it was no use. They simply do NOT fit well, won't stay on and that is all there is to it. This is not a fluke, because I also ordered the retractable blush brush (made by the same company), and it has the same problem.The actual brushes are not my favorite, and this little eye shadow brush has made it's way to the bottom of my make up drawer, to languish for a respectable amount of time till I decide to face that I will never use this.  Even if I liked the brush, no matter how good the brushes are, if the lids don't stay on the whole purpose of a retractable brush is defeated.Another weird thing is that the seller was supposed to be a company called BOOKS FROM BOULDER. The package came from TARGET! I could have just driven to my neighborhood Target store and bought these without paying the shipping. Very strange.
622. This is so cute and it makes a thoughtful inexpensive gift for booky and or druggy people. Quite small-- this works better for carrying a couple advil than for being a daily pill box if you need to take pills three times a day.
623. I have very fine thin hair and this is AMAZING! My hair is soft, shiny, bouncy, full, smells great, and feels healthy and clean. If you're hair is greasy, you're not rinsing well or you're using too much as a leave-in conditioner. If your hair is dry, maybe your water is hard, you're not using a bit as leave-in conditioner... All the negative reviews are totally opposite of my experience. Everyone's nose is different. This smells very close to the smell when driving past orange groves in Florida. I look forward to trying the honey peach and the mango coconut. And no one paid me to type this ;)UPDATE: I've been using this product for a couple weeks now. I used to have quite a bit of hair that came out in the shower and also as I was blow drying my hair. I wasn't expecting this and as far as I'm concerned this, in and of itself, is worth the product: my hair has almost completely stopped falling out! Yes, I get hairs that fall out just like everyone else, but before there were times when I wondered how I wasn't bald. Having very thin, fine hair has been difficult because it just looks wispy. I'm excite to see what happens in the next 6 months!
624. Arthritis sufferers have known for a long time the benefits of tart cherries or tart cherry juice in easing some of the joint pain.  However it can be really challenging to get enough of the cherries or juice in you daily to keep consistent benefits coming your way.  The tart cherry capsules definitely solve that problem.  Of course the best benefit comes from the original source, so we try to get the real cherries or juice (even dried cherries work) as much and as often as possible. But in those times when we don't have cherries or juice around, these are a welcome substitute. There are several of us in the family with arthritic problems, and we all use these tart cherry supplements because we have found them to be extremely helpful.Nature's Bounty is a brand we have used for years and have found them to be high quality at a reasonable price, so this particular brand of the tart cherry capsules  are the perfect choice.
625. Smells great and keeps my mat from getting funky. Love the little towel too, it was nice to not have to sacrifice one from my linen closer to keep in yoga bag.
626. Takes little space to store for emergencies.
627. I really like the soft cloth at the head of the brush, no scratching anything I use it on. Good sizes. Seem like they will hold up well. Recommend.
628. I do have 3 sets of these (a black, a pink & a silver set), 2 sets I have had for years, decided I wanted to pick up a third set. They are great for travel. I have tubes of different colors for different color pallets, one color tube (maybe the pink set) for browns for a natural look, a different color tube (maybe the black set) for graysblack for a dramatic look. I use the third tube (example: the gray tube) for a small blush brush and maybe a smaller brow brush & eyelash comb. They they perform pretty darn well for travel brushes, I have been very happy with them. The brushes are protected by the tubes so no bend bristles upon arrival at my destination. Have not had any issues with shedding either, even from the 2 sets I have had for several years. Highly recommend
629. THIS IS THE BEST STAIN REMOVER EVER!!!!!!
630. This is the only form of iodine that I can take.  Not only that years ago I was treated for Lyme disease.  My heavy metals were tested and my Lead and Mercury were off the chart.  While at an amazing clinic I was also treated with chelation therapy to reduce my heavy metals.  By the time I left my Lead and Mercury were about 12 of what they had been, but were still way too high.  I came home bought an IV pkg from a local Dr. but they made me wait 4 months before I could start chelation therapy again.  During that time I was taking 5-7 of these a day to help with my energy.  I had read that this can remove heavy metals, but??? how effectively.  When the Dr. finally had time to see me 4 months later and they tested me for Heavy metals they were all but gone!!!  This stuff had pulled the rest of them out of my system.  The $1,000 I paid just had to be used for the occasional Vitamin C IV, because no one ever refunds money.  Now, the thing about heavy metals is that they can get into every cell so you clean out the blood and other stores will be released.  Meaning it might take years and years to completely remove all of the heavy metals depending upon how long you had mercury in your mouth, how much, or how long you were exposed to other things. If you are using it for anything other than as an iodine source you might want to have your Heavy Metals tested to check your progress.  I have not had my heavy metals tested in years, but this product helps to give me energy and helps me to feel good so I continue to take 3-5 per day.  They are staples in my ever shrinking supplement list.
631. Seems to be working good.  Helps out dry brittle hair.
632. Smells woodsy, like pencil shavings. seriously! I use it twice a day for a week and heel cracks are healing. Nice thick consistency without being gooey, nice applicator, doesnt stain clothes. wash right out.
633. This thing works better than any other product i have used. I had very hard heels from day to day walking. I do suggest to get the coarse green ones when ordering if you do have hard hard heels. The stock blue ones work great for mild to light hard heels and day to day use. I do suggest the corded one since no batteries are needed and feels more powerful than the battery one.
634. This is not a production unit;  it's a portable, easily transportable, light weight, simple, fairly durable unit.  For a homeowner, handyman or light commercial, it's very nice.  I'm an electrician; for the low end carpentry I need to do my work, this is perfect.
635. Envelopes are just disgusting to lick and most seem to be losing their original gum anyway, so I use this glue tape instead. It is like and ultra-thin layer of double sided tape with one benefit. Do you get find you applied too much glue and it was outside the area needed? This stuff rolls right up and doesn't leave a mark.Great for the office, letter writers, scrap booking and paper arts. I highly recommend.
636. I wanted a nice looking set of clippers but also needed them to be functional. I also wanted both a fingernail clipper and a toenail clipper in one set. The clippers arrived quickly and when I got the set home I wanted to try them out right away. They came together in a set in a small cardboard box. There isn't a carrying case, but I will just slip them into a small makeup bag for storage.These clippers felt solid and balanced in my hand but were easy to cut with. The clippers are easy to grip because they are ergonomically correct, and they cut smoothly every time. They cut through the nail very cleanly with no jagged edges or pulling too. These clippers open wide enough to cut well, for I'm sure even thick nails,and are curved on the ends for an even cut. I had absolutely no problems in using these clippers. The clippers are made of strong stainless steel that allows me to sanitize them without worry of rust or corrosion. They should last a lifetime. I received the product for testing purposes. I have no complaints or problems and the product I've tried is working very well for me. This is my personal opinion and I am in no way required to write a review. I will leave honest feedback that I base on my own personal experience with the product I receive. I am in no way affiliated with any supplier or manufacturer of goods.
637. This body mist has a very feminine soft scent that I really like. It's floral but not overpowering.  It smells delicious, and since it's affordable for a big bottle I can spritz several times throughout the day. I am really enjoying it, and it's my new fave pheromones spray. My boyfriend liked it too!! I will purchase this again!!
638. Works well, does what is says and helps keep you feeling clean an dry.
639. This is a nice scent reasonably priced. As far as it's attraction powers, Men are nice when I wear it and I am often told I smell nice. So, its a good value and I like it fine.
640. I have an old paint gun and these are getting hard to find.
641. During the great glove shortage of 2020, I decided to invest in some long reusable gloves. While they aren’t as form fitting as regular nitrile gloves, I’m able to wipe down groceries and open packages just fine.Maybe someday soon I will use them for their original intent and wash the dishes with them.
642. I got these as a gift and will not return them, but they are very clunky to walk in. Massage barely noticeable while standing and VERY ( I MEAN ANNOYINGLY) loud buzzing while sitting. can't hear TV over the buzz. Was a nice thought for a gift I wouldnt recommend them
643. Cheap, the soap leaks out of the sponge.
644. This product works almost immediately to stop foot and leg cramps. Sometimes they wake me out of deep sleep and it's all I can do to hobble to the bathroom because of the pain and cramping. I rub this stuff on where it's having a spasm and within 2 minutes it's gone. Works every time
645. For years I have heard about the Magic Eraser.  From friends and family, even co-workers.  Not sure what took me so long to try it out, but when I did, all I can say is 'WOW'!!!  I had embedded stains from makeup and who knows what on the bathroom corian sink which I scrubbed with baking soda, even softscrub with bleach, and the stains didn't come all the way out.  ONE TRY with the Magic Eraser and BAM!  Stains gone.  Then I decided to try it on the black toaster oven, where I accidentally left a loaf of bread and the plastic melted into the top.  I washed it, rubbed it and used everything I could think of, but that thin layer of plastic wouldn't budge.  In comes the Magic Eraser and it came off right away.  No kidding.  The name says it all, because this stuff is truly magic!
646. These were a literal life savor for my wedding. When I was breaking them in beforehand my heels kept popping up if I wasn't careful, but the day of I stuck these in and they where comfortable and kept my feet from popping out the entire night. This also involved me hiking all over gardens and climbing hills and rocky paths. I never once was concerned about losing a shoe and falling to my death. If you need that little something to keep your heels in place get these, they are perfect!
647. I like the idea but I never figured it out. Three them away
648. A great deal for how much you get.  I use this in bubbles to make them stronger and last longer for the kids.  It works great for this....I can's speak to how it works for cooking.  I love the way it holds bubbles together and makes them invincible!
649. Garbage. My kid felt hot to the touch, this thermometer used on his forehead showed 97.7 degrees. Ear showed 98.2. Didn't seem correct so took temp rectally, and it was 102.
650. Sometimes you never think about needing a really good Kleenex but when it’s needed or for people that we love need them more often than not it’s nice to know that we have puffs with lotion Because when your nose gets really sore from blowing it’s nice to know it gets treated a lot better with these.
651. Easy to set and very secure. The cap is also a lot bigger than typical bottles which can be helpful when you have arthritis. My only complaint would be that the dial for the combination is a bit small which can be a little difficult for failing hands.
652. My beautiful wife swears by Olay products. The Olay Derma Pods are outstanding. She tried other products from other companies but swears Olay is the finest. Words of hype? Absolutely not!!! My wife is 57+ years old and everyone she meets thinks she is no older than 35. Bravo Olay!!!
653. Great buy!
654. I just finished my 3rd ride with the Junp I purchased through Amazon and I'm pretty convinced this is the best hydration powder I've tried.I road cycle and MTB in Southern California, and it always seems like the most draining days are when the temps start to heat up in the spring, and the body has to adjust.  I got the Junp Wild Berry just as SoCal got its first heat wave, and it really did the trick.  After the rides I didn't find myself lunging for a can of coconut water like I was expecting, and later in the day I didn't have the slightly jittery feeling due to depletion of electrolytes and salts.  No shade on the other products I’ve tried, but I usually find myself needing a little 'boost' after rides when using them.A surprising bonus point was that the Junp didn't seem to clog my water bottle valves like some of the other hydration mixes I've used.  Maybe it's the no sugar, but whatever the reason, it's a relief to not have to super-scrub out a bottle when you just want to shower and relax!
655. A waste of money personally. I regret I bought this. Thought it would be fun but the scratch off was already lifted
656. Have not used it yet. Sorry.
657. This is my second time of ordering these and I have no problem with them. These are so much cheaper than the name brand. Would recommend highly!!!
658. This is an after market.  Blades are great and work just as good as the original.  Problem is the little blue things that hold the blade and blade cover in place are super fragile and break easily.  this is cheaper than replacing the blades, but the casing is not worth it.
659. Beautiful and good quality!
660. My sister uses this to cushion her toes on her injured foot.  She says this works very well.  I imagine it could be used for a lot of things.
661. Just probably me but I didn’t like smell. I gave it to friend .i want a real pine smell
662. Good product. Better than liquid. Always rely on it. Will order again when needed. Good price
663. Ordered incorrect size. Learning process.
664. This stuff works great on left on forever grease messes by the stove.
665. Good news, these do stick on Hersey's kisses for days.  Buy them, you get a lot.  I used them for the rehearsal dinner (sweet) and the wedding.Great price.Went with the burlap theme
666. I am 57 with dry skin. The Night SKin helps keep it exfoliated and fresh. After using it at bedtime, I wake up in the AM, wash with mild face soap and apply the Day Skin. A great combo for older, dry skin. I recommend it!
667. Have used these for several years. Just purchased more to put in luggage, etc. God tired of forgetting to put them in my ditty bag. They work as advertised.
668. I absolutely love these straws. I bought them to match some red & black party decorations & they matched real well. A hit at the birthday gathering I had.
669. This absolutely what I have been looking for to use for my low back.
670. I love this scent! Perfumey and potent, I barely use any of these in the wash and they do the trick. The scent is strong so you don't need much. It don't really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. On clothing, it's very mild, but if you are washing a picky male's laundry you might want to try something more herbal. My husband doesn't care one way or the other so this is fine for us.I know fabric softenersscent boostersadded stuff are not that great for fabrics but I like my laundry to smell clean. I respond to scent and I have found that I enjoy doing laundry much more if I have nicely scented things to use.I was using Purex Crystals but the packaging is deceptive, it's only about 34 of the way full. I also have to use more in order to get the benefit of the scent. The Downy packaging is a bit better and I do the tiniest sprinkle. One bottle lasts a long time.They open easily (I guess so people can try the scent before purchasing) and people can steal right from the bottle. I have found half-empty bottles on the shelf before. A friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! So be sure to check your bottles when you make a purchase! It's easy to just grab a bottle thinking it's full and get home to find that some is missing, especially if you're a distracted mom and are in a hurry to get home before your child has an in-store meltdown!I now make my own laundry detergent and I use these in one of my batches (I make a softeneradded stuff free batch too, for towels) and I am very happy with it. Only one step and no measuring when its time to wash. The recipe I use is from a blog called Aprons 'n Pearls and the post is called Homemade Laundry Soap (if you want to Google it, I found it on Pinterest). It uses washing soda, borax, Fels Naptha, and other ingredients plus these. You only need a couple-few tablespoons per laundry load so one batch lasts a looong time. It takes about 20-30 mins to make it.I purchased this through Prime Pantry and it was $6.99 with a $2.00 coupon, which is still a little bit more than what I'd pay in my grocery store. But I needed a new bottle before I would have a chance to run to the store. I paid extra for the delivery but in store this is much less expensive, especially if you can find a coupon.
671. Perfect refilling oils for vape pens.  Worked exactly as I had intended it to.
672. There aren't many in a package so they seem expensive or I might get them again. They taste quite good, hardly different from almonds but smaller and maybe a light woody edge to them. As I got the "sweet" ones it really wouldn't be possible to eat so many that they became toxic, but the package is so small probably couldn't eat too many of the bitter ones either, which seriously can be toxic and can even kill people. The notion that they have health benefits beyond those of the almond are absurd though -- that they're sold even to cure cancer proves only there's a sucker born every minute. Health Canada warns that cyanide poisoning is a real threat and health benefits not the least likely. But the sweet ones have far too little of the chemical that breaks down into cyanide and the liver can clean that up in a jiffy.
673. This product is amazing!!!!! I hate having to do hot compresses when I get a stye and I don't feel like they help much. Usually my styes are gone in 4 or 5 days but this last stye was the worst I have ever had. After 10 days of discomfort, ugliness, and hot compresses it was still huge and lookimg like there was no end in sight. Then I found this product and one of the reviews I read had me sold. I recieved this product on Sunday and it is now Thursday and it is already almost gone. The biggest bonus is that the product has caused it to drain with no need of heat compresses. Also a little goes a long way. The instructions say use three drops but I have that one is way more than plenty to get the job done. This was well worth the money! It is also better than the prescription that I got from the doctor which would burn my eye if it got on it.
674. I take vits and some of them are very large - this helps fit all my daily intake of vits in one place. The pill closes perfectly and leaves plenty room.
675. I really wanted to like this but I just can't. It has several features that just don't work for me. Although it fits OK, the elastic is heavy and the velcro closure is very stiff. Overall it is quite uncomfortable to wear. The velcro, if not closed very carefully, catches on the wrap and already there are fabric pulls where it has snagged the wrap. It is also a very thin fabric, and affords no warmth when you get out of the shower. Also I don't find it particularly absorbent. It would work I guess, as a &#34;modesty&#34; cover-up if you were in a public place - like the gym showers, but other than that I can't say much about it that's positive. Sorry but this is a 2 star product for me, at best.
676. I have on used two out of the box. They left me very tired the next day.
677. Perfect fragrance for my kitchen.  Quality product that lasts and does not clog my diffuser.
678. I received this item very quickly. That said, it comes with absolutely no directions...not even the picture that you see on the web page, it arrives in a clear plastic type bag...but nothing else. It takes some real getting used to once you put it on. It's better than a CPAP, but if you are sensitive to having something on your face, this will cause you issues. As for snoring, I've been told that it has lessened my snoring somewhat, but it has not eliminated it.
679. I have all of the Downy Infusion varieties to come out of the bottle like a white mud. It is gloppy and a mess to work with and will definitely stain your clothes if it lands on a piece of cloth without the agitation of the washer working immediately. At first, I thought the product had &#34;gone bad&#34; because I thought that there was no way any company would make such a disgusting mess. I was wrong. ALL of the &#34;Downy Infusion&#34; products are like this one.
680. They fit great. Has a really good price. They are sturdy. I can fit every one of my fingers.
681. Its heavy duty, works well in the kitchen, any surfaces that needs cleaning
682. great for use on days you feel to loosen up after splurging on calories.
683. Only 4 stars because the gloves are small. The pot holders mitts work very good but do not have any silicone stripping on them which would help hold the dish better. But these are good.
684. Good stuff - as advertised
685. Love the aroma. Smells fresh and clean. Not too sweet and full of strong perfume.
686. I liked it didn't disintegrate, and food didn't stuck, a bit thin though
687. It does not work for gymnastics activities.  &#34;It Stays&#34; seems to work better.
688. Need to be softer
689. Good shears, they are more greenish neon yellow than the picture describes
690. Love the Puffs!
691. Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi Smart Scale, White Great scale but cannot be used if you have a pacemaker!
692. Product arrived on time. I use it to help relax at night before going to bed. Most nights it just requires one pill, occasionally two hours later if I'm still not asleep I will take an extra pill. I believe it works off of your body weight. I will be ordering this again.
693. This product does work very well, but as others have mentioned the taste of the wintergreen is so strong and it takes a long time to dissolve. I broke each one into 4 places, it is much easier to handle in smaller pieces. I was trying to find something that would work as well and Nature Made Vitamelts relax tablets that contained the same amount of L-Theanine.  I worked at a grocery and sold lots of the vitamelts before they were discontinued and I think if they had been marketed to use to relax to go to sleep instead of to calm you down in the day the product would still be on the shelves.
694. This is a beautiful copper magnetic bracelet. I've only worn it for a day and havent had any pain in my fingers like I do at times. I'll update as I notice anything. I received a discount for an honest review.
695. This is exactly as described.  I was nervous it would not be the size described but it is a large size to fit any bulky or thick items for storage.  Very sturdy construction and the window is a plus.
696. Ordered thus as it is supposedly helpful with joint pain. Then found out is not good for me as I am on a blood thinner. Check with your Dr. before taking.
697. Helps with the hungries.
698. I was concerned that the black quilted material may look a bit feminine as I had purchased two of these for Christmas gifts for men. My husband said they were fine. Perhaps it was the sleeve it was packaged in which is pinkish and lavender. That being said it's a nice kit with all the essential tools and would work for either a male or female.
699. helps these dry  funky eyes.  pricey but worth it for me.
700. Horribly overpriced!!
701. Very messy to use. Leaking.Please take it back
702. to slick a material  food falls to floor
703. These are very poorly made and thin material. Would not stay up and do nothing to help with knee pain.
704. They are cheap and durable. They will serve you well for long time. They are not very sharp compares to more professional sets. However, they will do the job as good as many sets in the market.
705. This brush is probably the easiest way to straighten your hair....I have very long, very thick hair, and anything else has been a pain in the butt to use.  This has made it very, very easy! I highly recommend it!
706. Works great
707. I bought this Nutmed when I was on my trip last February. The guide recommended it for my back pain. I wish I could purchase this by the gallon!!!!!!!! My pain is not controlled with any medicines or other topicals. If I had realized how amazing this product truly is, I would have bought more than one bottle! I recommend this to anyone who suffers pain. Also works on my arthritis pain in my hands. Awesome job NUTMED!!!!!!!!!
708. I would like this more if it didn't tend to settle toward the bottom of the glass. Taste is fine.
709. Very Nice !
710. Very light and very short, even with the telescopic handle
711. I really like these but I took off one star because they are very heavy.
712. This sounded perfect for me.  Unfortunately it really did not work out well because it is too heavy for me to move and I can't climb high enough to step on the chair.
713. This is very moisturizing and protective with hardly any scent - which is perfect for me. Will buy again as needed.
714. Great product! It is sturdy and just high enough for me. I love the handle as I have poor balance. The person that said to step on it before you depend on the handle is correct. I am happy I bought this.
715. this stuff really works
716. Previous purchase
717. Don't waste you time or money on other products! Very effective and pet friendly. I did the carpets under 2 King size beds and still have plenty left.  I'll be buying a second to keep &#34;on hand&#34;.
718. Would not recommend, this are about as cheap of quality as I have ever seen in reading glasses.  Broke the first day,
719. Needs smoothed hole edges but I can do that easily myself in a few minutes.
720. I am addicted to these sponges as I hate houswork and they speed through a lot of cleaning chores that used to involve a lot of products and scrubbing. I now have clean counters, a clean stove, and generally much cleaner kitchen with very little effort.
721. These work great to wipe... if you can keep hold of them! They slide all around and they dry out pretty fast. I think if they were each maybe twice as big, it wouldn’t be so difficult to use these to remove nail polish. I have to stack 2 together to effectively remove the nail polish. But they ARE lint free, there no problem there!
722. Great product.  It works great  Easy to use. Must buy!!!
723. ridiculous.  1 sheet will not wash anything.  Use 15 sheets maybe
724. Worked wonderfully for making slide sandals fit perfectly. I have one foot that is just a tad bit larger on top than the other and they worked great for making both fit the same.
725. Dermend is a fantastic product, it works wonderfully
726. 70% alcohol was hard to find and somewhat expensive due to covid scare.
727. I was given this product to test out and give my opinion as to what I think about it. First; it arrived swiftly. I will have to update this, since I just recently received it, but since I do deal with problems of circulation due to so, sooo many cancer surgeries, it feels good to gently move both of these against the skin. The one, rolls along the skin, the other rounded one is for specific areas, but I would suggest that maybe having a handle with a softer grip might be a good idea, but the concept is a good one. We'll see if I can give a more detailed feedback as far as how it is working on my skin soon. Restoring circulation is a big plus for me though. (love the color too). *G*
728. Small size makes it easy to store in purse or desk drawer. Works well.
729. This product is OK, but would recommend getting a much larger size!
730. Very Good Product for Dryers, as fabric softener & lint collector!
731. I bought it as a gift. My friend told me there were only 4 holes, not six as in description.
732. Works great
733. Smells great, nice container.
734. I had a very expensive dental guard made by my dentist, it was extremely uncomfortable, and would end up taking it out after just a hour or so. I looked for alternatives on my own that wouldn't cost me hundreds of dollars. I came across this guard and I couldn't be happier! Now I don't grind my teeth at night.
735. These bags were perfect for the job I needed them for.  I have a tin and treats I put in these bags and it worked ut perfectly.  I would buy again. Maybe not sturdy for some jobs, but perfect for this one.
736. This product came out years ago and back then it was the greatest of all multi vitamins...Now  it's missing the kick that it had back in the day.....NOT WORTH IT!.
737. Did not fit. obviousley yhis company doesn't know that there are different sizes of faucet tips.
738. I got what I needed to wake up and get out to my commute while it's still dark.  I am the poster child for &#34;not a morning person.&#34;  This makes it happen.
739.  I mean, cute, but do not bend in the waist or tail, only arms.  As a result, I can’t really post them in anyway that looks realistic.
740. I received this product discounted in exchange for a review--I state this disclaimer upfront because that's what I would want to know first, and I too am disturbed by the ratings inflation on Amazon for IEF reviews lately. I do not indiscriminately give 5star reviews, and they are only given for a fraction of products I try that I find are exceptional and I would buy myself at FULL price.  If you wish not to view IEF reviews such as this, click on the filter link to the right of the review section, and then click on &#34;verified purchases only&#34;; that will take most of them out.I don't profess to be an expert on essential oils, but after reading some of the other posts questioning the purity of this brand's lemongrass, I ran the suggested tests and got the same results.  That being said, for my practical purposes, I use it as part of a homemade insect repellent, along with other tree oils, on me and the dog.  It's been working well, and the product smells good to me--very lemongrass-y.  Maybe I'm not as discerning as other people, but it works for me.
741. I love this product. Works well for my cloth diapered baby. I have had no repelling issues with this diaper cream. It is a yellow color with little white &#34;shea pearls&#34; in it. It's NOT a barrier cream and it treats redness and rashes successfully. I did a lot of research when I chose cloth diapers and this is my #1 choice for diaper rash!
742. These clippers are a strong sturdy and sharp but they’re a little tight to use I don’t have a lot of strength in my hands
743. theyre nice, but expensive. Pretty good moisture without feeling greasy. Like the differrnt flavors
744. Works great, tastes TERRIBLE but that the product not the brand.  It does dissolve well which is good -
745. Supplements were a great deal, cheaper than the local nutrition store.  Plan to order again in the future.  No complaints at all but just so everyone knows, Amino Acids taste TERRIBLE!  They also give you terrible breathe while you're eatingdrinking it.  Just a heads up, I wasn't aware of this until after I started them.
746. I really like these.  They are clear and large.  They are a multipurpose bag for me storing comforters, etc.
747. I like the size - not too bulky or too small. It comes with a removable, soft cover so the bottle doesn't "sweat." No leaks. Would buy again.
748. Excellent packaging.  Great price.  Kiwi loves it!
749. My wife uses these and likes the assortmant of colors to change up the look now and then.
750. Not really all that thrilled with this.
751. As for me is too sweet, I  have used energy shakes before, not as sweet as this... sweet things are not just for me... sorry
752. Pads under the arms are very uncomfortable, other than that works as expected
753. Pads that cover the D rings are VERY uncomfortable under the arms.  Other than that, it works as expected
754. Priced Right
755. Works well and ease to use
756. I bought this +- 20 years ago (not from amazon) and its still going strong!  I have thin, wispy hair and this keeps it all up in a bun very nicely and for hours.Recommend this.
757. Great product it definitely is helping with my severe dry eyes. I got to say great quality for me and not expensive and I'm glad I bought this
758. Bought because I got COVID. My mom was telling me she was worried about my O2 dropping, so I basically just got this to help ease her worries. Seemed to work well and my O2 stayed above 90, usually above 95, so that was good.
759. Great scent, you only need 1-2 drops of oil for a strong scent 😀
760. Works when in but not great as goes off tooQuickly.
761. What is needed.
762. I searched a long time to find the best cushion since I'm at my computer a great part of each day.  This did the trick!  Thank you Amazon!
763. Fantastic idea but tips over very easily.
764. Sturdy and cute, really durable and reasonably comfortable. I was surprised at the quality given the low price.
765. I bought this so I could have it sync with my account and have everything sort of all in one.  All in all it's a good scale, setup took a lil time to get straight due to wifi settings and whatnot but other than that it's a decent scale.  The only thing I don't like is it's 2lbs more than my other scale but my other scale is pretty old.  Also, I usually like to weigh twice to make sure it's accurate and when I do that I notice that there is a slight fluctuation in the weight and Body fat %.
766. I should have just threw $7 out the window at least someone would benefit from it.  It does not fit, it does not stay on, simply put IT DOES NOT WORK.
767. Exactly what I needed!
768. Just what I wanted. Sturdy but soft bristles.
769. It cleans ok but it just smells like oranges.  I’m not convinced it has any disinfectant qualities that match up to Doterra, which smells more like cloves.  Great packaging though. I won’t buy again..
770. Great supplement
771. I noticed no energy increase..returned item!
772. Impossible to use. The area for the battery is blocked. Impossible to remove. Waste of money.
773. All around nice product good amount for the price i use in in skincare so i cant comment on taste i will buy this again.
774. Used this to make bubble bars i had no issues worked as expected shipped quickly
775. Everyone that see's this on my Dad just loves it.
776. Great way to get vitamin C that isn't from corn-based crap.
777. This stuff really does keep your glasses on. I use it daily. It's especially good for workouts and when I run outside I use it on my sunglass. The only drawback is that the wax leaves a film if you get it on your lenses and you'll need a towel to get it off.
778. Great Scale
779. As school starts and cold season approaches its time for immunity building! My spouse served me the drink and I asked if they added seltzer because it was so effervescent (which I like), but it was just from the tablet dissolving in water. My kids begged to taste it because it looks like lemonade, and they really liked the flavor! I was surprised. It didn't taste too bad to me either, slightly lemony. With three kids in school, here's hoping for less sickness this season!
780. Expensive, but excellent product.  If you can afford it, buy it.
781. Arrived with one candle broken so returned the whole thing, do not know about the longevity.  It doesn’t smell that great unlit but not sure if it would smell better once you light it.
782. Get size for traveling but is way too hard to get open.
783. Works much better than I expected and I adore the handle... I can reach everywhere!
784. I work nights. I'm on my feet all day all night I thought maybe this would help soothe them a bit. It doesn't keep the water warm... nothing massages.. the attachments are dumb. Honestly I'd rather use a bucket. Oh well. Least I bought it on sale ? Save your money amd get something better !
785. They work great
786. We have a indooroutdoor shoo cat. We set this up today. I put her blanket from a patio chair in it...and coaxed her in. She loves It! It's 33° and we are in the shade. It's so important for our kitty to have shelter, when the shop is closed.Overall very good. The screw holes could take some work. A couple needed help to align. The door flaps are a joke. We didn't use ours, they fell off. I expect if we used some stick on Velcro they might. I put a piece of rigid polystyrene in the rear escape door. Win-win!
787. Rejuvenated our 3 year old granite, which I have been neglecting for a while. Used a sealer product after cleaning, and followed up with the Rock Doctor Granite Polish, and the shine returned to our counters for the most part. While not a miracle product by any means, the counters look a 100 times better than they did beforehand.
788. the outside of this dildo is super rough and looks like its pulling apart and the head is big and hard. the veins on this dildo are rock hard and hurt during play.
789. so far so good it has not broken and works great
790. use it for my flavored vape juice since i go for clouds and flavor no nicotine, works good tastes good.
791. I had hoped for the outfit to fit more nicely then it did but its ok however not as good as it looks but fair for the price.
792. Shaves well.  The first one i ordered stopped working after 5 months of use. However the seller was kind enough to provide a replacement.
793. You get 2 bowls and they are so pretty. I got 2 white ones. They come with lids.
794. Both of my grandsons seem to like using this. I usually follow-up with their electric brushes along the gumlines.
795. My husband is very pleased with this trimmer. The price was what helped him decide to give this a try. He loves a good deal. He recommends this beard trimmer.
796. Compared to other products like this, I've read many reviews and compared many products. I haven't fully tested and used this product yet, but I have high hopes in that it will help. I have a few weeks before I can really test how well this works in addition to other detox methods and changes in my diet and exercise routines. I took a chance on this product and hopefully it will help!Update 1013I wanted this product to work, in fact, I got the second bottle for free and took the pills for 2 weeks straight so I had really high hopes that it would work. I just tested myself before my real test tomorrow and my results are positive after having not smoked for over 2 weeks and then using these pills for the last 2 weeks straight. The bottle claims to work within a week and it hasn't worked for me for 2 weeks of use. Just disappointed that I wasted my time and money taking 6 pills a day for 2 weeks. Guess I'm going with my last resort which was an additional detox drink before my real test. Hopefully that will work. Don't bother with this, if it doesn't work for me in 2 weeks I can't understand how some people got results in 1. Such a let down
797. Very pleased with my purchase.
798. Very pleased with my purchase.
799. I’ve bought this a few times now. No, it doesn’t look spiffy but it works. No incentive given to me to write this. I just really like it and trust it.
800. Great. Extra grainy. Will file thick nails. No need for extra pressure on thin nails, or even thick. Very durable files.
801. Been using for homemade ejuice for years.  No issues
802. I used these candles as a baby shower  favor. They are larger than I thought and nicely and lightly scented. I purchased a variety of colors. The candles are made in China, however, not the US.
803. I'm allergic to pretty much everything so these softener dryer sheets are a lifesaver! They do not irritate my skin at all.
804. If you want a trace mineral supplement to add to your drinks, this is a good one. It doesn't alter the taste of the original drink. I use the smaller amount recommended, but the directions say you could use up to 2 mL per day.
805. Buy! A bang for your buck.
806. I had 2 and in our house I noticed the moldmildew was gone in the 2 rooms I had them in yet some times the rest of the house had a old stale smell... hard to explain so I purchased 2 more!  I have 6 rooms total in my house and by adding these two units the house smells fresh & clean all the time!  I have not had to replace any of the bulbs yet and I've had 2 for over a year!  I am so pleased with this product!!
807. For my work and it offer me that needed support  and after a half a month of use this show  that if you pay $19 for a back brace that just what you get  smh the strap dont hold together it just Garboden it is what it is!
808. We prefer the OSHA route that's already cut up and easier to make tea with but this was OK and if it's all that's available in the future we will buy it again. Thank you
809. This is the best pumice stone i have ever bought. It doesn't wear out easily like most other files. I will be gifting these for chirstmas in people's stockings
810. usually i love this brand, but the box came all dinged and seemed to be opened. so back it went. i love my eyes too much to subject it to some heeby jeeby tampered with solution. i will be going to the local drugstore to buy it instead.
811. I wasn't familiar with how sandalwood smells, but when I got it apparently I don't like it. If you know you like the smell then you'll probably like this product. Good price quite possibly the lowest priced beard balm on amazon. If you guys could sell an unscented one I would love that.
812. I love this product, it works so quickly and it does a good job of removing wrinkles from my clothing which I never iron.
813. I won't buy this again. For $62 a bottle, there's no way this shouldn't be organic....  I would buy it again if it was
814. These can be a little difficult im still trying to get them to stay on and fold right. Even with cleaning my eye area very well they only stay struck on for about 6 minutes but its only the outer corners that keep lifting up.
815. I really like this and it is on my Wish List for reorder. This saved a loveseat that has had a large dog brushing against it for years. It left the fabric beautiful, restored the nap and it smells lemony fresh! You can't miss with this product.
816. Very efficient!
817. I's pretty good stuff and will buy again.  Thank You!!
818. Great product. They really help relieve pain in heels. However placement is everything. If not done correctly it will be a mess.
819. One towel to clean and one to dry. What a pain.
820. TYPLASTICS Trash Can Liner - 7 - 10 Gallon  25 - 30 Liter - For Commercial and Home Use - Office Bathroom Wastebasket - 24" X 24" (Clear, 200 Count)... These seem okay. I shook out one and it didn't tear, so that means they're better than the dollar store. I'm not sure how sturdy they are, but I'll probably mostly use them for recycling since they're too sheer for bathroom trash and too small and thin for the kitchen. I wish they at least had a tint to them, because then I would use them for the bathroom and also for large gifts with some pretty ribbon -- maybe that idea will still work?
821. I just unboxed this light and wow. I expected it to be low quality - lightweight + cheap plastic. It’s anything but! With an Amazon coupon, I snagged this light therapy lamp for $11 but would absolutely buy again sans coupon. It seems very well made and it’s a great size! I ordered it as a light for my photo production class, but will likely being using this more often than I originally intended too. The buttons are touch sensitive too! (Not clicky, but touch like a touch lamp… if that makes sense). Anyway. I highly recommend this product
822. I did not expect a lot from the product because of the price, but need to tell you that I am really impressed. Visible result right away after first use. I will be ordering again. Good quality product for a great price.
823. Accurate description fast shipping
824. I am using this powder on my dog.  It's a great product.  It helped heal his wound.  But my vet warned me about using it on him, if he licks an area.  The zinc in the product is toxic to dogs.  So I stopped using it because he is always licking on the wounded area.
825. These are super soft and nice. I give lower rating because when a few hours they were flattened and hard. I realize it will in time, but expected it would still provide SOME cushion.
826. This is the second time I have bought bath booms. The first time was Lush, which was great but expensive. So, I decided to try another one. Then I found Ikalula! I like Ikalula’ bath booms! They have sweety smells and different colors! I love “Sweet Orange” most! I love all orange and lemon smells! They make my skin soft and make me relax after I bath. I will buy it again!
827. The only thing I really use out of this set is the glass nail file. It works incredibly well. The other multicolored files just take up space. Wasn’t pleased with them.
828. These work great for their price. They exfoliate a perfect amount. Not too soft, not too rough. They lather great. They don’t last too long, but you get what you pay for & that’s why I’m assuming they are 4 in a pack.
829. Not at all what I was expecting, having grown up with the real Glass Wax.  This is thin, runny, and played havoc with the stencils I ordered.  I could not even use the small ones, due to the runniness of the product.
830. Work great for dry eyes
831. My husband's therapist requested this to work on his balance because he has Parkinson's . Works as intended.
832. I know pure coconut milk tends to clump, but I would rather have clumping than have other ingredients included to prevent clumping. My body doesn't like the starches added. It adulterates the taste as well.
833. I love my hot heart massager. It's re-usable and remains ready to use until you flex the internal metal button. The solution inside then crystallizes, producing heat in the process. The heart remains flexible even after the crystals have formed, making it suitable for hot massage.
834. These are nice but I feel they are over priced.
835. I purchased this for my husband as he was looking to try a new creatine. He’s been taking it daily and has so far seen some pretty decent results. The taste is good, dissolves fairly well in water (which often times is a challenge with creatine in general). Overall it’s a little early to really tell how well this is working out, but it seems to be just fine. I’ll update the review with more info once more time has passed from taking it!
836. This stuff is good; it makes my contacts feel more comfortable and certainly keeps them cleaner. But this stuff is so damned expensive! It probably cost pennies to make and they run up the price because they have market share. With the way you have to use the product you run out of it super quickly and realize you've just blown $15 on a few weeks worth of contact cleaner. Crazy!
837. I have limited mobility in my ankles and can't squat or push down on my ankles. These wedges help give a little extra lift in the back to help drive.
838. FANTASTIC. Upscale. Great packaging. Great instructing. Well made silicon with 2! stoppers. One w elongated loop and one flat insert. Nice cover. Microwavable. And they stay warm. Best of all is the modest size. Perfect for so many applications. I bought 2 and prefer these to all others. Im going to give the plastic set to the pets for warmth. These surpass all other hot water bottles. And what a bargain price for the high end product.
839. These make properly worn do not even block simple dust or daily allergens. They will be of not be useful for prevention of airborn transmitted infection.I am a former RN Specialist. I bought these cheaper masks for use in my home for brief socially distanced encounters to give to ppl at my door etc. However in testing these with regular house dust they failed 3 consecutive times. Because I know the proper correct way to use a disposable face mask, I believe I can say with personal certainty they are substantially ineffective at blocking smaller particles suck as virus. However if this is all you can afford, I suggest you buy another similar product in this price range + supplement it with secondary face mask pathogen barriers as found on credible internet sites. That will be helpful bc blocking virus that causes COVID19 is essential.
840. This is the best product ever made for mosquitoes and flying insects!
841. Love the smell and feels great
842. Yes! I'm so happy that this product is finally available!! Great taste, great company, awesome stuff. It has a cool green color, but it mixes well into my normal morning smoothies, so I'm super happy with it. Thanks!
843. I use files to file my 4 month old's nails instead of clipping them, and I absolutely love glass files the best! They stand up to the test of time, and are so nice and solid. Very thankful to have found these!
844. I liked the results it gives.
845. This was an inexpensive piece to roll cones but honestly I found this to be difficult to use.  It's really hard to fill after rolling paper around it.  It becomes a frustrating situation to the point where I roll cones by hand quicker than using this tool.
846. Way too tight around the calf.
847. I purchased these for my boyfriend and I to put date ideas on, you could use for a variety of couple or best friend gifts. They include the paper already inside each pill! Perfect gift idea!
848. I've used Dr. B. Dental Solutions Ultrasonic Cleaner every night since I got it. I love it.
849. Makes it so much easier to get around when using a walker
850. Wow!!! Amazing product.  I make alot of DIY body lotions and products & this cuts right through the residual oils and residue left in my processor😀 I've read other users raving about this..Im so glad I listened!
851. Did not give me near the relief for my severe RA in my hands that I expected.  My situation may just be too severe..nice fragrance & went on nicely
852. My big butt is happy I bought this, your will be too. I noticed a difference the first time I used it. I work from home at the computer. Intensively at the computer. I already have an ergonomic expensive office chair that is rated for 8+ hours a day. This really made a fantastic addition. It is expensive but it is well worth it. I plan to buy another for my car.
853. Second time purchased, i love the taste and made my day, helping me to stay hydrated all day, i will buy it again
854. Good quality
855. A little pricey but really like it
856. great deal,fast delivery,good quality product
857. I am THRILLED with the results I have had with the Jigsaw Health-Magnesium wSRT. Not only has it lowered my BP by 40 points, it has brought my sugar level down to normal levels. My doctor said that if the reading continue like this, she is taking me off my RXx!
858. I bought a different type of silicone temple tips to begin with, the kind that are long and tubular. They did not work for me. They caught in my hair, messing it up, but also did not keep my glasses from shifting. These, on the other hand, are great!  Easy to slide on, and once you place the tips on to begin with and put your glasses on, then you can slide the tips backward until the fit it just right. They are so comfortable you'll forget you're wearing them. AND--your glasses stay put.
859. So I originally gave these earplugs a 1 star review. I had used them as directed and they didn’t stay in at all. Then, some time later, I couldn’t find the ones I had been using instead (another brand.) so I looked at the Quies earplugs again and decided to try to make them work.I took one earplug, divided it into half, kneaded. Each half to soften them up, and pressed them over my ear canals.They actually work better this way than the other brand, as when split in half the wax core is exposed. The cotton holds them in my ears better, as they wick the moisture from my ears. (The other brand doesn’t.) I’ve been using these ever since and will reorder when needed.
860. There are videos on the web that show how to use this product. The instructions included are not in English. I found there were two problems. The piece is bent nearly in half when received, (not straight like the picture shows)and resists straightening. The easy fix: hold it under hot water and reshape it into a straighter, more pliable form. The 2nd problem: the looped ends would not hold together. They kept slipping open. The looped ends are too smooth. So,I very carefully roughened up the inside surfaces of the loops using a pair of scissors. I did not snip at it; I cut shallow gouges into the surface, like serrations, so the looped ends wouldn't just slide open. Then I set about practicing pulling my ponytail through the center of the bun hair tool as shown in the instructional video I found on the web; I pulled the tool nearly to the end of the ponytail, then rolled it upward, like a huge curler. You loop the ends together when you reach your head. The tool stays together forming a circle; you move your hair around to cover the exposed parts of the tool--no big problem there. I have very heavy, thick, wavy  curly hair, so I wet my hair before using the tool to make the bun. Just practice. Don't give up--for the money it's a wonderful thing. When searching for the video, just use the name of the product as your search words.
861. Much to my shock (and, thanks to my sister for championing this product) and delighted surprise, this is the FIRST protein shake that I can actually say I truly like and enjoy drinking.  I admit I do use milk in the mix (but I didn't even try water) and it's a pleasure to drink, a five-star yum!
862. Strong motor easy to use
863. Very relaxing, love there stuff.always the best supplements at the best price. The real deal. No sugar and fillers. Buy
864. This is the first time that I can honestly say I couldn't wait to write a review because I am so pleased.  I ordered these for my boyfriend who has an average build but is 6'5" and needed something to keep his medication on for psoriasis while he sleeps.  The gloves at all the drug stores in our area said large but actually seemed like they were a child large.  I read many reviews hoping to find something like these gloves.  THESE GLOVES ARE AWESOME!  They stretched perfectly and were very comfortable to wear all night. Although they were snug to put on the first time, he said the ointment did not get wiped off of the tips of his fingers and knuckles where he needed it.  I will definitely be ordering another pair.  He is so happy to have a product that is actually able to give him some relief.  I can't thank you enough!
865. .... but they fit well in a car cup holder, and since I"m only using these in the car, I don't care that it's a couple of notches above fine sandpaper.  Worth it to have something handy, and not have a full-sized box flying around the car.
866. I'm doing a 14 day "test" to adjust insulin doses, as I wait for my own Freestyle Libre to arrive (got approval paperwork last week).  I am always skeptical of adhesives (either allergic, or they fall off).  While the adhesive seems good, I wanted a 'bump guard' type of thing, and this is very handy. I don't feel it 'squeezing' my arm, and it hasn't moved, and stays right over the adhesive, leaving the sensor open so the reader has no problem working with it.  I'm glad I ordered a second green one, and just sent for 2 pink ones.
867. They have some good options, but for a fast lunch when not so hungry, these are very tasty, with no chalky protein taste.
868. Very little scent.
869. Tastes like soap.  New formula is way inferior to the old ones.  Also, 'best by' date was less than a month from purchase.
870. Best natural 0-calorie sweetener out there imho.  Absolutely no aftertaste, and tastes just like regular sugar.  It can be cooked with, but if the item is something like a jam, best to add at the end of cooking.  With baking, you're supposed to add 14 more- but I like it a bit less sweet, so just add the amount in the recipe.  Perfect for adding to dry cereal.
871. I like the deep design of the bucket which helps avoid those messy spills.  The price is also reasonable and delivery is fast.
872. Awesome toilet paper! I love Charmin big rolls like this. They last a while in the household.
873. Very nice bibs. Highly recommend! My niece loves pink so these are great for her. She’s 7. So it will keep her from messing up her clothes.
874. Omg...it's awesome!I can see it as I massage my clients.
875. I LOVE this stuff!  I'm trying to drink more water every day, and one dropper of this peach extract in my water makes it not only palatable, but quite tasty!  It has a very "peachy" flavor.
876. I'VE BEEN THROUGH SEVERAL NEBULIZERS NOW. THIS IS THE BEST, SO FAR...COMPLETELY SILENT, WORKS GREAT...I LOVE IT...
877. Both of us are taking it everyday, this is a wonderful product.  No Fishy taste, has a slight lemon flavor. We will order again. Speedy delivery
878. I thought it worked well in the beginning but later it failed to help with the leg cramps.
879. Wanted something that would hold large gauze sponges...  these work.
880. velcro is very itchy and irritating for clients...buy the drawstring type sooo much better - JMT Beauty Soft Black French Terrycloth Spa Wrap w Drawstring & Stopper
881. Bought this for my husband. Not very palatable and ended up throwing away. If it doesn't taste good, it's not going to be used, no matter how good it might be for you.
882. Best bug repellent, and has a sunscreen built in!  I wear this when doing yard work in north Texas.  Keeps away every bug imaginable, and they all live in my yard. :)  No bites when I wear it, and no sunburn.  Plus it smells great!
883. I have always loved this product.  Unfortunately, none of the stores I visit sell it anymore.  So I was more than happy when I discovered it on Amazon.  Works great!  The shipping was not as great.  Although the boxed product was unopened, it had spilled all over my other products in the box.  Maybe it could be shipped in a plastic bag of some sort to protect other items and not cause loss of powder.  However, I would buy it again because it works great on stains.
884. I love this soaker so much that I purchased more for family members!
885. Love these!  They work so well and are faster at warming up than I thought.  The only problem I have is the zippers unzip easily, exposing the warming sheet.  Sometimes, if I leave the slippers out and people walk over them and hit the chord, the warming sheet comes out of the slipper complety.  It's an easy fix though -- just link a small zip-tie to each zipper on each slipper (hey, I made a rhyme!) and the warming sheet won't come out!
886. Super cute packaging and they smell and taste great!
887. Get the same results buying the ones in Target.I would not purchase these.
888. A very good tape. I have had no issues with its being thin, colours are lovely, works very well and a little easier to get the backing off and to trim than other brands I've tried. Good price, too.
889. After seeing this oil suggested to remove scars, acne, fine lines and wrinkles on pinterest I decided to by some and give it a try for myself and it actually met up to my expectations.  My skin has not looked better in years.
890. just the right length.  Very sturdy.  I am happy
891. If you're using them fast it is great but mine got dry within a couple days
892. Thanks better than expected. Color is beautifu, works great and would buy more. Really makes build outs easy. Thanks 🔧
893. My wife's old scrubber had worn out.  She loves these and said, "My feet say thank you."
894. Larry uses this every night before bed. It says it keeps his feet from burning so he can sleep. Thanks
895. I used these to block out my loud roommate when I was trying to sleep- works great! They are a bit difficult to wash but overall very handy. I would purchase these again!
896. Love it! Holds a ton of pennies! May not be the most ideal if you plan on taking it with you as you travel (it is quite large). But it displays beautifully at home!
897. Too small for my husband’s head. But nice.
898. Bought many for friends.Unobtrusive but great reminder.Putting it in a drawer when you don’t need it, it lasts! Won’t just keep going off - since there isn’t an off button this is a huge plus!
899. I love this stuff!  I have avian mites in my home from my sister's bird visits.  I always itch after he leaves, especially around the ankles.  I for this into a 2 oz. spray bottle and spray it wherever I have bites.  They instantly stops the itch.  I also dip a q-tip into the bottle and apply to any bumps I get on my face.  The next morning, the bump is gone!  About to order 2 more bottles to keep on hand.
900. Really surprised how bad this product is all around considering it’s billed as the latest thing in teeth whitening. Hard to get the swabs out then handle is too shout for effective use. Worse yet it stings on the gums after the first use & makes teeth hurt even when not using-particularly when brushing. In addition it will not work on a synthetic tooth. I have one in front that was shattered in an accuse& replaced & is darker than my natural teeth. This made things worse by slightly lightening the other teeth but not the dark one! Wish I could get my money back-what a waste.,
901. Product was not what was expected
902. This is one time I should have paid attention to other buyers reviews.  This is very unstable and words don't begin to describe how hard it was to put together.  Sadly, since this was made in China the cost was too high because we all know that the product cost very little for the company to have made and the markup to the consumer is a sin.
903. beautiful pendulum and received close to pictured
904. Attachments stopped working g after one use
905. Wow so cheaply made and small, it will not trim your cat or dog it does not work on either I tried all it does is pull a few hairs out.
906. This set was adorable and perfect on my sister in law! The jeweled safety pin for the sash was just the sprinkle on top. So cute :)
907. Perfect size. Works to relax muscles
908. Able to relieve lower lumbar discomfort while sitting in office chair.
909. So the pump did not come with the package.  Personally I don't care because I have other ways to inflate the bowl.  But because people that may not have that ability this really pisses me off.  Very unfortunate because the device does work if you can inflate it.  Fyi, my husband is disabled and bedridden.  I am 15 years younger than him so I worked thru this issue.  But if you don't have that ability don't buy this item.
910. Easy to use and can also serve as a back scratcher!
911. So much more comfortable than the elastic bands that hurt my ears after a lwhile
912. Very thin ...does not feel the same as brand name
913. Love this tool. It works great abs my feet look amazing and feel amazing. I will be purchasing another one when this one is done. ☺️
914. These are great, incredibly sturdy, easy to clean and use. The thickness of them makes them easier for me to use rather than a flimsy little emery board. Unless I somehow drop both of them down a well simultaneously I imagine they’ll last me for ages.
915. I mean how could you not?  It will startle the neighborhood children just fine since my cauldron only seems to intrigue them.
916. Not great, the 6 &#34;file&#34; strips hardly felt ant different from each other and weren't that strong at all. I'm lucky enough to have strong and healthy nails and they actually dented the file strips. The polish and shine strip worked ok which is what gave it the 3 stars for me.
917. I use this to sit on in the car. It is hard so after a while it starts to hurt.
918. For the money it’s really worth it plus more. I’ve not had any issues with it and I’ve had it for a year. It helps so much.
919. I'm very satisfied by this charger and I greatly appreciate the built in safeguards it deploys. I was able to quickly weed out useless old Ni-MH and Ni-CD rechargeable batteries I have and refresh the good ones. The charge, discharge feature is phenomenal and has rejuvenated countless batteries I tossed in the drawer. It works flawlessly. I like the sleek look and I do believe I will buy another for my office at work. I highly recommend this charger.
920. Not sure yet because I just put them on.
921. Great for rolling  toes that point  and blister.  Separates the toes eliminating  pain when running  and walking. Really  helps the ball of the foot and decreases  callus
922. Excellent product for the price.  Even gave some away to fellow traveler during recent cruise.
923. I am giving this three stars only because I love the colors and the variety of them. I really needed the piece on the back of the heel because the shoes fit me a tad big. But unfortanely I followed the steps on how to apply the cushion and it didn’t last at all. It came right off and keep rolling under my heel. Very umcomfortable. They were working just fine when I tried it on and left it but when it was time to wear it for longer period it did not work as I expected. I tried the beige cushion that goes behind the heel with a nude heel you couldn’t see the cushion which was good.
924. These hanging witch were a fun addition to the house. My wife picked up this one because it was so ugly, it was cute. She has a habit of doing that lately.These witches are pretty well made. Burlap makes the dress, hat. The hair feels like paint brush bristles, but it works. The face's are well painted and there is a decent amount of detail in the face, hands and feet. It's all tied together with a bit of twine and there you go. Sit it on a broom with a welcome board attached like swing and there you have it.I thought they were so great, I bought her two more she's hung in our room. They are have slightly  differentshades of burlap to separate one from the other. But they made her smile and that's what I was going for. I definitely recommend this for the it's so ugly, it's cute person in your life. Enjoy
925. I'm an adult and I use baby lotion (as recommended by my doctor) for myself because of how incredibly sensitive and incredibly dry my skin is. In my quest to find a lotion that does not make my skin hurt.... this almost worked? My skin reacted to it minimally but this stuff isn't hydrating at all! When you put it on, it feels pretty good! But a half-hour later my skin feels just as dry as before! I do however use the Sweet Apple body wash and that has been a game-changer! Best body wash I've ever used! But the lotion is a miss for me
926. This stuff is not easy to apply on. The directions said to &#34;cake&#34; the pads but I really couldn't apply a decent amount unless I use the cap to scrape the wax off and apply it with my finger. This thing is rock solid.. I'm not going to risk bendingbreaking the nose pad.Another issue I had is it comes off. I made sure to wash the area so that it's oil free, but it comes off and I usually can't tell until I check the mirror. Seeing a chunk of wax on my nose is gross.
927. Perfect. I have been using it for the last 6 months and works as advertised.
928. I collect rubber ducks. A good friend jokingly suggested I get this.Pros:1. It's a duck!Cons:1. It's NOT waterproof. The compartment for the batteries is not sealable entirely, so word of caution if you want to go &#34;Ahoy!&#34; in a tub with it.2. The vibration frequency is NOT the best for this sort of toy. Yes it might get the job done, but honestly for the price, get a waterpoof pocket vibe. (Like a WeVibe)3. It's REALLY hard plastic. It claims to be body-safe, but honestly the plastic on this thing is VERY sturdy.So if you want a cute collectible that might start some interesting guest-visit conversations. Get it. If you want AN ACTUAL vibrating bath-toy, look else where.
929. When your Physical Therapist only gives you one “sleeve” per week, this product is well worth the money so you can change your sleeve whenever you want to. You can also snip a MUCH smaller hole for your thumb so it stays on and lasts longer.  After surgery on each thumb, I needed to be in a brace for several months; I love that I can make them the length I want.  You CAN wash them, but they come out all raveled…just cut yourself a new sleeve.
930. Works as intended, but may have a tendency to shift after closing, causing the case to close at an angle.
931. I love the scent, very light.  Best product I have found for cleaning my face!!
932. I bought one of these at the Home Goods store a few years ago; when I returned this year to get another they didn't have them.  It is the nicest iron rest ever.  I really love it.  I've been sewing for years and when you sew you must press you fabric and your project all the time.  I don't care for the flat silicone mats because I feel like they don't let any hot air out between the iron and mat.  This mat has an air space between the iron and mat which is nice!
933. This is a great product. Very versatile. It’s wonderful for independent use especially as a woman but it’s also great to use as a couple and I’m sure a male could have a lot of fun with it alone too. Material is a good smooth silicon texture and the remote is a hard plastic. Highly recommend.
934. I bought it for my sister and she says she loves it. It is her relieving moment after work.
935. Didn’t cancel much noise and were uncomfortable when side sleeping. The stems seem too long.
936. It says its not waterproof, but I use this in the shower all the time and it still works great! I have seen my acne significantly decrease since using this brush. I love love love it! And the price is just the icing on the cake!!
937. Easy to put on and pulls you how you need to stand.
938. I got this for my daughter (several, actually) and she really, really likes it--it's well made and funky to boot.However---she complained that it doesn't hold super, or extra super tampons, which is a problem for her.
939. The mats are very easy to use, they fit together and separate with ease.  The thickness is great, my pins do not poke through.  They also allow for very fast drying time. Overall, these are excellent.
940. I don't mind taking these, they taste good and easy to get your fiber
941. Works really good and worth buying
942. I'm hoping that this works. I'm more comfortable holding the phone and tablet and put one on my loved one's phone also. I don't have as much noise in my ears so I think it works.thinking about getting more.
943. These are certainly small and lightweight, but if you are traveling to a location with complimentary shampoo I recommend just using the shampoo to wash your clothes. Most plain shampoos work very well as a laundry soap, but I'm not sure about the type with conditioner.  I had some pretty dirty hiking clothes and the shampoo seemed to get them cleaner than this soap.
944. These are kind of fun.  I’ve bought the pumpkin spice scent before and I love the scent. My husband , however, did nothing but MOAN...The sound made him crazy and he thought the SMELL was beyond awful!  Oh well ... I loved it so I ordered a new one !  Ha haI put it where I could still smell it and thought I could outsmart the boy ... didn’t work.  He hates these things.  He found it and removed the battery, how FUNNY is that!!!!!Anyway, I give up it’s not worth the war! HaTry these ... your husband may react in a more positive manner!!! 🙄
945. I was expecting this tower to be a bit smaller. It’s suprisingly heavy and substantial. I’m impressed. The quality is quite good. It’s definitely authentic selenite as well.
946. Effective!
947. I haven’t used it that long but the ingredients and strength were what I desired
948. bought this for the wife, one of several over the last year.  She loves it! Amazon has the best selection.
949. Great taste and value. I highly recommend these to keep whole family’s immune system strong during these uncertain times
950. These packages are the greatest for my bedroom...Awesome!
951. Works better than any other motion sickness medication. Always take on cruises.
952. These scalp massagers are amazing for deshedding short hair dogs. We use them for our French Bulldogs.
953. I love this!! Previously I was using s tennis ball. This is a lot easier. I'd pay more for slightly higher qualify. However, it still works well.
954. My two cats often get runny eyesallergycold side effects. This helps tremendously.
955. I purchased the &#34;Got Milk&#34; straws on sale for 1.796pk at Target, and my kids loved them. I wasnt going to Target for a few weeks, so I decided to purchase these since it is a mix of flavors.  My kids so far have enjoyed them.  They are a bit more expensive, but the container is very nice, and the lid snaps on so they are not in a ziploc bag or just laying on a pantry shelf.  I think it was worth the purchase for the container alone!  They look just like the &#34;GOT MILK&#34; straws, but that is nowhere on the package.  This definitely is a mix, it is not a single flavor, which is nice and exciting for the kids.
956. Steps are clearly numbered and stated on the items so there is no confusion or mistakes. Best I have owned
957. My little guy can sit up in the tub now while I bathe him.  This item is like a third hand from time to time.
958. Works great, seems sturdy, love the bristle cover.
959. Doesn't appear to make any improvements to discs
960. I've tried and tried and tried, but I cannot get an accurate weight on this scale. it's not even consistently off. I'll get on, and it will say 145, step off, step back on and it says 152. Get off and get back on again, and it says 143. It seems closer at lower weights, but still off.  Do NOT buy this. It's worse than NO scale.
961. Accurate description  - Prompt delivery as specified holiday product but no limited to one season
962. Super cute. Great as party favors for our daughter's birthday party.
963. Worked great
964. Just as described!
965. I had this type of arch support in mind that would fit the shape of your foot's arch vs. some arbitrary shape--this is it!  The best I've had after over a year at trying several different options.  Now if they could incorporate this shape in a complete foot bed....
966. This diaper is very soft and well made. The velcro holds up thru washing and stays in place. It's 100% cotton and perfect for a short diaper free time to relieve a red bottom. However, it leaked through after baby peed once, so it's for extremely short use. I hope they make more absorbent ones because it is really soft and easy to put on and take off.
967. I was told this IS the only product to use on my fabric to protect it. I followed the directions and so far...all is still clean!
968. 9 of mine were Christmas rolls....and 4 of those rolls were duplicates. :
969. It's easy to swallow and it helps with my migraines
970. I used this ice pack for my back and leg pain due to an accident. It's easy and manageable because it's not hard when it gets cold. I loved the extra strap to use around my waist. I did pin the extra strap to the bag that holds the ice pack so it won't keep moving when I'm laying down.
971. I received my foot detox pads today and I am not happy - it is advertised that there are 20 foot pads, but only 10 came in the box. I looked for instructions to see if I was supposed to cut them in half or something - nothing. I want a refund for false advertising and I have pictures to prove I was jipped out of half of the pads. See in the pictures, 20 is advertised but if you can see the packaging well enough to count, you can see there are only 10 in the box
972. Really great but the sand timer takes a long time to go down, like 3+ minutes.
973. I have been using it since tuesday & it is thursday and I have already noticed my teeth are whiter . I’m impressed .
974. They're OK. I probably won't be buying anymore. They slide around and do not stay in place. Many many times I had to adjust the cloth in my underwear... so for heavy days these would be a disaster as the mess would slide all around too. The stains came out with washing, though I did have to scrub and scrub right away.
975. This is a great set comes with plenty of sticks, but I also use this for at home waxing.
976. Love my go to gentle but cleans
977. too tight
978. Tried it on a window and a wreath and it is a yucky mess!  Never dried.  Stayed wet.
979. Works good my legs are so soft after I use this
980. It arrived crushed. The plastic slider is broken. The box is falling apart.
981. Noticing less odors in closet
982. An awesome product. This helped with itchy back due to insect bites and stress induced allergic skin rashes {due to the loss of a family member}. I brought this because I needed an aloe spray product from a respectable company like Johnson & Johnson. Also, I brought this since there are days in which I don't see my man but need aloe lotionaloe oil applied on my back so I don't go crazy with itchy sensations. This mist did the trick and smells lightly too. It does spray about so one has to be careful with this. It is easy to hold and spray though compare to other mists I've used to relieve my itchy back. I guess Johnson & Johnson were sensitive towards customers with smaller hands with arthritis or children who want to be grownups and have their own spray mist. Anyways I highly recommend this for dry, itchy skin and especially relieve insect bites and stress induced rashes. Great spray for those hard to reach places. I feel so much better.
983. Works Great
984. Perfect for my grandson’s 1st Birthday!
985. Pros: Bright colors, super soft, decent quality and price, absorbentCons: has a smell when you open the package but it goes away, the bath mat and toilet cover are a good size but the toilet mat is ridiculously laughably small. Like...at least your feet can fit on it.
986. I purchased these toothbrush holders to add to shoeboxes for Operation Christmas Child. The holders are sturdy and much cheaper since I bought them in bulk.
987. I and my hubby love this double head electric massager!  We owned a single head one years ago and loved it, so when I saw this one, I figured hey, twice the massage in less time. We've used it a few times now and no issues thus far. Wish the cord was a bit longer when we are trying to stretch it across the bed. Length is fine for a chair massage.
988. This took awhile to arrive but that was expected since it was being shipped overseas. I was having trouble with my little finger catching (think it's called trigger finger). Surgery recommended for nervetendon tightness. After telling my chiropractor, he had something similar to this (but 100s more) and rubbedscraped it along the the side of my hand & just under the finger. After only a few visits the finger &#34;caught&#34; less & less. So much for the surgery!! I use this tool whenever I feel the finger even threatening to catch. My massage therapist uses something like this but it's made of obsidian...which is sold on Amazon but cost is just a little more & think it may come in a multi-pack. This one is just right for my needs.
989. This has been doing a great job at keeping my toilets clean. My only complaint is that it has a bromine smell to it which reminds me of a public restroom at a swimming pool. Not a bad smell but definitely noticeable. The time savings is worth it to me. Nothing an air freshener can’t mask anyway.
990. This is really great stuff.  I use to wash my light colored clothes, including the kids sneakers.  They all come out like new.  I'm now ordering my second box and may as well make it monthly...no, it took me a few months to use the entire box.
991. My Grandmother swears this works. She gets terrible charlie horses. This is probably the 9 bottle I have bought for her over the years. Very little smell even with the strong ingredients.
992. It's good in theory, but hanging the arms is kind of inconvenient, and the rotating shiatsu balls hurt in certain positions, especially when they hit my spine. It hurt enough that I returned it.
993. Did absolutely nothing for me.  Wouldn't stay on my foot.  Returned.
994. I've bought a lot of supplements and usually, you can't tell if its working or doing you any good.  This is not one of those supplements!!! It helps you completely empty your bowels.  I was amazed as I've struggled with IBS for 20 years and this was the one supplement that really helped me....sadly its been out of stock for a long time 😢 and I broke down and ordered the same supplement from a different company and it was a total waste of money.  It just can't compare to this brand....please bring it back soon 🙏
995. It didn't smell hardly at all, no expiration date, just smelled and felt a bit... stale. Really been disappointed in Starwest lately. My 5th bag of bad herbs is where I draw the line. I'll be buying from MRH mostly & on Amazon only Frontier. Too bad bc they have a nice selection.
996. this is so cute travel sized yet it gets the job done! it comes with its own insulated pouch and a gift box. great gift idea
997. I was leery about buying this only because I’ve been drinking plain celery juice for over a year now, but this taste amazing! It’s surprisingly sweet, easy to mix with no gritty taste. Im hoping the benefits are just as good or better than plain celery powder.  I’m a fan & will purchase more. Fast shipping too! Thank you.
998. I got these to use in my son's diapers overnight since he was no longer waking up in the night, and sleeping on his belly which caused leaks daily! (6 months old) I tried the overnight diapers and still got leaks! I purchased these and added one to his overnight diaper and finally!! No more leaks!!
999. Seem to have a little more energy. Feel a little better. Maintain weight through Christmas.
1000. Easier to put on. Once on your feet get so hot I couldn't tolerate then and had to take them off a couple hours after putting them on
