1. It has been a long time since I've worn heels on a regular basis.  I have recently been making more of an effort and have a new pair that are reasonably comfortable but take some getting used to.  I put in these soft pad inserts and it makes a huge difference.  It's important to have some space as the pads do take a little space but it is worth it.  They cover a good portion of the foot pad and move, adjust to your feet as you stand and walk. This really does make it easier to wear the heels for hours. I plan to get a set for my mother.
2. Regular strong ziplock bags but with the Dallas Cowboys sign on one side.  They're relatively expensive for what you get, but if you're a big NFL Dallas Cowboys fan, you might not mind paying extra.
3. I have a few of these towel wraps and find them very convenient.  I usually use them when I'm getting ready instead of wearing a robe.  They're reasonably absorbent, they stay in place, and are less bulky than a robe.  Laundering is easy and inexpensive and they provide decent coverage.
4. This brush cut 50% of time straightening my hair.  It has the ability to adjust the temperature and steam. I received this iron very fast which is always nice.
5. It's pretty good so far.  Unfortunately, due to the short handle, I can only use it on my neck. Can almost reach my lower back pain.It seems to have good power & for professional use by a barberhairdresser I'm sure it would be great. I just wish I had a significant other to use it on me.
6. Good product smells like curry
7. I'm not noticing a big difference. There was always a smell like sewer when my washing machine drained. This is slightly working.
8. These refills are great.  They are sharp and give a good clean shave.  I get them through subscribe and save so the price is great.
9. Great quality and inexpensive
10. Made a good purchase!
11. I thought I wrote a review already, but can’t find it... when I first received the foot file I was very excited. The pumice is very strong but fine and testing it on my hands left them very smooth. I used it on my feet in the shower afterwards and it worked great! It is a fine file so if you have tough skin it will take a few times going over it daily but by the fourth day my feet were just as soft as if I got a pedicure. Sadly today the file came off the handle while I was using it. I learned that it was being held on there by two one inch lines of glue, definitely not made to last unfortunately. I’ll still use the pumice stone but now the convenience of having a handle is gone.
12. I have very dry skin, and this cream works wonders. Lasts 24 hours on my body but due to washing my hands so much, I have to re-apply several times a day. Well worth the price.
13. Bought as gag gift for a family member. She loves them
14. I love this thing. I love that you don't have to change filters ever so often as well.  A lot of people mention the "noise." Have you ever slept in a room with a computer that was "Sleep?" That's what the sound reminds me of. Loud enough to know its there but quiet enough to tune out. So far its kept that nasty diaper pail smell at bay.
15. A lot of masks are too small for my big head so these are great with how they are adjustable. They work good if you wear glasses too in order to keep them from fogging up. Durable.
16. When my arthritis flares up or I have a headache, this is my go-to product. It does the job quickly and without any side effects.
17. My Daughter Loves This
18. This is a "feels" review and as such you should seriously question the results. My name is Paul, I've been diagnosed with vitamin D so low it wins limbo contests. I have been on various vitamin Ds for years, every time I get my blood tested it's low. Every doctor's like "oh, well take 5000 a day you'll get it back up in no time." and for the past 15 years or so I've been taking more than that daily. I just burn right through it.I also get severe insomnia if I take it later in the day... that's generally how I know it's working. As I have absolutely no method of testing whether this worked other than the feels, I took it later in the day than I normally would my globule D3 dose and discontinue that. I had severe insomnia for the two nights I tried it later in the day. My assumption is that means it's either D3 or speed.On the feels spectrum it feels at least like what I take for 5000iu. I don't know that my body can tell the difference between 5000 and 10,000 however.The pills are interesting. Not particularly bothersome. No nasty burps post pill.I would say these feel effective, smell fine, take easy. As I've been on D3 for over a decade and on these for 10 days it looks like and it's now gloomy and fall-like out, I'd say they're working. I'll update if I feel they're not but it feel about right.Man, I hate making "feels" reviews... anyone has a D3 testing blood kit around let me know.Only thing of negative note was there was a sticker over the ingredients when I received this. Not sure if that was the MFG or Amazon's warehouse but considering it covered ingredients, manufacturer, etc I peeled it off. Attached pic with and without sticker.Under the sticker is that it's formulated in the USA, but nothing to indicate that the formula is actually grown, combined, packaged in the USA. The KaraMD, Inc address corresponds to a commercial office space in Cleveland but there are no clear markings from street view.I checked out KaraMD on the BBB as I like to know who's producing things I'm about to ingest, seems like a fairly low rating generally involving sales tax issues, some supplements that didn't work, couple of complaints but resolved. BBB will always have low marks as a note, nobody thinks "let's go there and rate this random company highly!" All but one show a response, which is a good thing. Appears you'll get a response if it doesn't work. They've been around and are responding in, at least publicly a positive fashion.I should note I'm pretty sure 10+ days ago the description claimed it was 5,000iu in the description text, 10,000 in the header, and 10,000 on the product I ended up receiving. What I'm reviewing says 10,000 for one pill.
19. So here's what happened - purchased six of these at Costco, I fogged the yard with maybe two and a half, I went from tons of mosquitoes to none, no bites, nada. I had no issues for almost a week. I was singing this things praises.A week or so after this the mosquitoes are back, I break out another two cans and spray. They're back in about thirty minutes. We move inside.A week after this I open my car up, there're 12 or so that fly in and I spend a very disturbing ride to daycare being told by my 4yo they're on my 2yo and having to stop and kill some fairly large skeeters. My yard has now bred super skeeters.I get back home, there's a swarm. Wade out into the swarm armed with two cans of this and spray. My backyard smells like pledge, I didn't see one of them drop. I mean I was spraying this directly into a mass of flying mosquitoes and other than some course correction for getting soaked nothing.I got some of the non-natural cutter hose attachment spray and wiped out the hoard with two bottles. I will mention this to Costco next time I'm over there and see if I'm the only one.
20. I was in so much pain yesterday and was so happy to see this had arrived. It didn’t take much time to heat up in the microwave and lasted approximately 30 minutes after each heating. The straps were comfortable (I was worried they’d be itchy or bothersome when I ordered it) and were easily adjustable.  I highly recommend this product.
21. The item looks perfectly fine but it simply does not work. I don't know if it's the plastic pad... but this just will NOT curl my eyelashes whatsoever. No matter how hard I tried. Very disappointing. :(
22. Love my bags now i can tie up my garbage.
23. Excellent, arrive on time I got exactly what I was order.  Thanks.
24. Very easy to use and works very well.
25. Just Opened my delivery;I ordered the BLACK Dispenser as is displayed on the Amazon web page but, #BoxBeauty sent a Gray version instead!Further, once you fill it up with a fresh pack of the Mega Strips, they fit BUT, you have to virtually STRETCH the strips to get ONE out of the dispenser up to the perforation mark; this actually defeats the purpose of the Strip application.Not sure if I will keep or Return it.  #NoRecommendation
26. Great quality!
27. They were perfect. Great for party favors.
28. My husband’s not going to let me use this as it came very homemade looking and we’re worried it will hurt the countertops. If it were Etsy this is what I would expect but, not from Amazon. It’s a plastic spray bottle with a plastic syringe on it song with some solution in it and then a terrible towel that has like a big :-) emoji on it. The quality is terrible the syringe is scary looking it looks like someone put together their own creation at home let’s just say it’s very unofficial and professional looking and not worth trying on our granite countertops
29. I can’t sleep without eye pads every night.These are hands  down my favorite and now the only ones I will wear. They are adjustable and so comfortable.
30. The nippers I received were absolutely perfect. They're extremely sharp and incredibly precise. You definitely want to be careful and focused. What ever is in the path of the blades will be effortlessly removed. So make sure that you have enough light, no distractions, and make each cut deliberate. Or you might be hurrying to the bandage part of you first aid kit. Lol! I'm just saying. Anyway, these nippers are very nice and should last a long time. I would recommend them.
31. this stuff is the greatest 🙌
32. I love music. And as one of my favorite music professors always says, live music is always better than dead music.Just in the past year and a half, I've really started getting into the live concert scene. Let me rephrase that, I've started getting into the live rock concert scene. I've always been a frequent attendee of wind ensemble and orchestra concerts.I've also always have had a mild case of tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. This ringing is evidence of hearing damage, and it irreversible.Needless to say, going to rock concerts without hearing protection left me with a few nights of extra-ringing ears, and almost certainly hearing damage as well.More recently, I've actually been experiencing perforations of my ear drum and even just this year a full burst. Because of all of this, I decided to get my hands on a pair of ear plugs.The problem for me is that I can't just wear any old foam earplugs. I'm a bit of an audiophile, and those regular earplugs just make everything sound muffled, which for me defeats a lot of the purpose of going to a live show in the first place.That's where the downbeats come in. They are a special type of ear plug that lets most of the sound profile in, but cuts the volume to a safe level (they advertise 18dB noise reduction).Spoiler alert: they really do work as advertised. I wore them at a five hour metalcore concert this past weekend and I'm happy to report that I didn't have ringing ears after the show. I also was able to hear all of the frequencies, just quieter. I could still feel the music, and it wasn't *quiet* by any means, but it was not a damaging loudness.One thing to note is that unfortunately, these earplugs cut out conversation almost completely at a concert event. Conversations are hard at a concert event generally, because of all the noise, but these made it noticably harder to hear. I found myself removing one plug if I wanted to talk to my friends.Related to conversation, these earplugs tend to make you talk even quiter than normal. Because of how they sit in your ear canal, you end up hearing your voice pretty loud in your head, so you talk quiter to other people with them in. It's really a minor inconvenience, though, considering that these save your hearing. Again, you can just remove one when you feel the need to talk, and that solves the problem.The downbeats fit pretty comfortably, which is to say that I could wear them for the whole five hours of the show. To me, they feel like in-ear headphones. You definitely notice a pressure in the ear canal, but it's not terribly unpleasant. That means a lot from me, because I *despise* in ear headphones, because I find them incredibly uncomfortable.Luckily, even though these earplugs sit very similar in the ear to in-ear headphones, they stay in much better. One of my biggest fears in getting fancy earplugs was that they would fall out while I danced, jumped, headbanged, and otherwise moshed at the show. I am happy to report that these earplugs stayed in very well, and I never once had a problem with them slipping out or feeling loose. These are earplugs that I would recommend for metal, hardcore, rock, punk, etc shows.The downbeats also don't stick out from the ear very far, which is nice because you don't have to worry about catching a bump from the crowd and shoving the earplug too deep into the ear, damaging the ear drum (rock shows get intense). This also means that the downbeats are pretty inconspicuous, so you don't have to worry about everyone in the crowd knowing you're wearing earplugs.I didn't have any problems removing the downbeats from my ears after the show, although I have read reviews that said people did have some trouble with this. The included carrying case is also a really convenient storage system for when you take the plugs out, which is always a bonus. It's made of metal, and could definitely take a beating, although I didn't subject it to one.Overall, these are highly recommended by me. I liked everything about the product, and I look forward to taking them to more shows in the future. But even if you choose not to get this product, or if it doesn't work for you, wear earplugs to concerts, people.
33. I've known about the soothing benefits of aloe for some time, but always found aloe gels to be a little goopy.  This combination was a pleasant surprise.  When you add menthol and lidocaine to the mix, it takes the soothing relief to a whole new level.  The menthol is so cooling and soothing.  I use this when my skin gets itchy and it is very calming.
34. How wonderful to get 12 large jars of moisturizing petroleum jelly!  This stuff works great to keep my very dry skin in check.  With this volume, I can slather it on after a bath and let it do its magic.  It is petroleum jelly, though -- greasy stuff -- so you have to be careful until it soaks in, because it will leave grease stains on clothing.This works great.  I did find the slightly sweet, slightly perfumey, slightly medicinal scent to be a little cloying as the day progressed.  I used a LOT of this ALL OVER my body -- I suspect if you didn't use so much, the scent would be barely detectable.  Anyway it works great, the price is right, and the scent is very subtle but not particularly pleasant after a while.
35. Wonderful blocking mats. Thicker than usual and very sturdy.  Should last me many years.  I'm very satisfied.  They got here super fast too!
36. they work  its worth the money.  Very gentle  nice experience when compared to abrasive coated files
37. Unfortunately, I was not thorough enough in my research and discovered after purchasing it that it causes you not to be able to absorb thiamine as efficiently.  I already take a thiamine supplement, so I discontinued using this.
38. This is the best bum cleaner ever!I’m a big girl and gained a bit more weight during the pandemic and started having issues reaching to clean my bum in the shower. It wasn’t pretty, let me yell you.I did some searching and comparing and settled on the butt scrubber.I handle is long, the yellow head is made of some type of silicone and very sturdy.I got in the shower and soaped it up and got to work and trust me, this device gets in there and cleans everything. My cheeks are tight so wrapping a towel around the head is out of the question. My bum is much cleaner these daysWhen I’m finished I soap it up, rinse and place it upside down in a container solution of white vinegar and water and let it soak for a while.Trust me, your bum will thank you for it.
39. Works very well for our needs
40. Yes there pills
41. These hold all my vitamins and are superb for traveling or at home.  I like that I don't have to worry about the top popping open while traveling.  No need for a zip lock bag or rubber band around the tops.
42. My daughter got this piggy when she was born and still has it but she wanted another given it’s been over 20 years!  The pig is the exact one she had since birth.
43. Nice finishing touch for small boxes
44. I used them for LED light therapy. I wish they blocked more light out. They stick to your eyes so be careful! I pushed them down to block out more light and getting them to unstick to my eyelids wasn’t fun. Probably better for tanning?
45. I have no idea why this stuff works -- but it does. So much better than Ben Gay and a pleasant scent to it.
46. I really love my equipment,  it really helpfull for pain. It relief pain fast.I love it!
47. This was perfect for my big first aid kit.The Velcro compartmentalization is perfect for modularizing my different ABC first aid options.
48. This is the best Fish Oil you can get and I love it!
49. I have always brushed my dogs teeth so I have used a few different types of toothbrushes. This is by far my favorite at first I thought it was a little loose on my finger but it ends up working nicely and I don’t have to hold it on as I use it. my favorite thing about it though is it is very very soft. I think it is firm enough to brush the teeth, but it is very comfortable for my dog, so he doesn’t mind it at all, especially when reaching way back to those back teeth, the fact of these came with a case was a bonus, and I wasn’t even expecting that, but it was perfect because we were ready to travel and this kept his brush clean and protected. A friend of mine has already ordered a set after seeing ours.Just make sure you use a toothpaste especially formulated for a dog.
50. I take hot yoga and need a good mat cleaner that doesn’t irritate my skin or make a room full of people escape from the smell. This is it :) Moderate and mild aroma, cleans well enough for general surface cleaning needs, and the towel is washable with a decent wash-cloth size to it.
51. I use two bags to get theGood flavor. Will continue to drink this tea. Works in the infuser as well.
52. Not what I was hoping for. If information on Ormus is correct then an electromagnetically sealed container is needed, but not included. It is hard to tell if there is anything other than water in this mix, but when I looked at it under a microscope I did see little bits of yellow that I assume were the gold content. If that is correct then the gold has re-crystalized into a metal and would not have the same effect as intended. Wish I had spent my money on vitamins or something that would have a definite effect.
53. I've used it for the last week. It doesn't work. I see a light. I hear a fan, but the cat box smell is still there. The box is in a very small room. I keep the door shut just to make sure, and I clean the box every day. The smell has not changed.
54. perfect for desert on those romantic dinners
55. Work really well but wondering how long they will last.
56. worth the money!  Get it!  so much more comfortable than cottonfleecememory foam cushions!  wow!
57. i HAVE USED THIS BRAND AND LIKED IT FOR A LONG TIME.  THIS PURCHASE IS BECAUSE i CAN NOT GET THE LARGE QUANITY REFILLS A LOCAL STORES.
58. She loves it!
59. Multiple trays are so helpful!
60. Much better than straight stevia. I used to like Truvia but then read that they used GM ingredients. I was lost until I found this Trim Healthy Mama blend. This certainly will make a difference and wean me off honey as my preferred sweetener.
61. Surgilube Jelly is by far the top of the line as far as I'm concerned. I've tried others, but none compare.
62. This thing  broke. Its cheaply made
63. Went to the dentist for a fitted plastic retainer for $150 and use this at night. Amazing whitening with zero gum or tooth pain. (crest white strips hurt my gums)
64. I tried some vitamin B combination vitamins that you swallow.  They smelled bad and tasted bad, and left my stomach feeling queasy.  This was not an issue with these.
65. The Fitbit Aria has all the bells and whistles of a modern scale but it does its basic job of, correct and consistent weight readings, poorly. If you stand on the scale thrice in row, rest assured, you will have a different weight and body fat reading each time. Who cares that those readings then sync up over wifi with your account.
66. This is the 2nd time we have purchased these.  They bring much comfort to my wife's feet and enable her to comfortably wear shoes she could not otherwise wear.  They wear a long time.  Worth every penny.
67. These are stabby
68. Great heating pad, very comfortable.  Not as large as it looks in the picture.  However, it stopped working after only 6 months.  Obviously outside the return window.
69. Good simple designGood price
70. No notable scent though.  Kinda hard to get the saran-wrapped pieces off.  Does what it's suppose to do.
71. They look nice but they are hard to put on and they don’t stay up. Too tight for me. I prefer the 10-20 mmHg.
72. I have the month disposable contacts but I am meticulous about cleaning them.  I feel by using this at least once a week along with regular multipurpose solutions in my storage case I can at the very least double the time I wear my lens before disposal.  There is no material difference between regular lenses and those that are disposable, it's just the kind of care you give them.
73. I ordered these because they were clear not knowing they had no screw on caps.  The lid is the cap and has a rubber seal so they do not leak.  It's just so nice not having 3 pieces floating around while they are drying in my bathroom.
74. I like this cover for the Tandem t slim 2 pump. It's a lot less slippery than the pump alone. Has a good opening for the face of the pump. Doesn’t cover up a bunch of the front like some covers do. Very easy to use your pump with it in. The only issue is  I wish it had an opening so that I didn’t have to take it off to change the cartridge.
75. Nice try but fail. Did not work at all. The worst of it is that they actually sent me a text to ask me what I thought of the product.Waste of $20 and still have 3 tabs left
76. This never seemed to charge well via usb and when it did, it lasted a week before needing to charge again and now it does not charge or work at all and we have only had it for 2 months. Very disappointed.
77. Easy to get on and off and easily stored in auto or carry bag.
78. Oh please...what a waste of money. If it really worked no one would buy a second months supply. A lot of people are making big bucks selling to desparate people.
79. Bit big and bulky for smaller people but is sturdy and cushioned.
80. This gadget is awesome.  Minimal effort to get smooth feet.  Love it.
81. These are great glasses especially for the price. Clear at the top of the lens and a designated area for reading enlargement. They are also very stylish.
82. Best value for money product.
83. It tastes good and gave me more energy. I liked it and will keep using it. Learned of it from a book that was sent to us.
84. Happy to have gotten it! Had the numbers I was looking for in Beta-Ecdysterone in the product serving
85. We just moved to the country. While mowing my arms got bit up terrible.  I always liked sss so I thought I would give it a try. It really works, not one bite.  Plus its a sunscreen, also moisturizes and it doesnt smell too bad.
86. These are easy to chew and taste good. Prominent flavor is banana.
87. Unfortunately, the other reviews show what is wrong with the Amazon rating system. I knew some were a little too positive, but a few seemed pragmatic. In short, I would not buy this again. For the money, it doesn't deliver and it does not do what I wanted. To begin, I live in America. It only displays temperature in Celsius. Not a big deal, but not optimal. I filled it with room temperature tap water and turned on the heater (with the lid on) to get it to its max temperature of 48 celsius (about 118 F).  It heated for some time and got the water to 32 and then shut itself off. I turned it back on to keep heating. I finally got tired of waiting and got started. It finally got to 44-45 degrees after the better part of an hour. That ended up being hot enough for me. The bubbler is pretty minimal, but it does work and does move the water around. Nothing like in your spajacuzzi. The round massagers really pushed my feel around, so I added a few bath salts for lubrication. That worked better, but it still takes some effort to keep your feet on those massagers. The next problem is that the two rollers that are perpendicular to your foot are too low to reachmassage your arch. Unless you have flat feet, these do not work. They are either level with or slightly below the round heelball massagers. It is physically impossible to massage normal arches with those. On to the pumice wheel. I have calluses on my heels and between a few toes. I have dead skin on my arches and balls of my feet. The placement of the pumice wheel makes it impossible to smooth the lower outside of your heel. I have a 9.543 mans foot, so pretty average. Likewise since there is only one pumice wheel, in the center of the device, about the only part of your foot that can reach it is your arches. I went back and forth, round and round for more than 10 minutes on each foot, I could not see that it removed any dead skin. I worked my heel calluses as best I could (think Houdini) but could not tell it did anything. Everything did function and despite being very light, the motors had enough torque to keep things spinning even with a little pressure. I didn't get out my microscope to see if the red light made a difference, but it did come on. Bottom line, for me, it was not that soothing and you couldn't just relax and let your feet soak because the round massagers push your feet off. I will use hot water next time rather than let it heat and that is OK. What I don't like is that I didn't use the timer and it shut itself off twice while I was using it. I am not returning it but doubt it is much better than the $30-40 devices. I could achieve the same thing with a bucket of warm water and my shiatsu massager on the bottom of the bucket. I am going to keep using it, so if it changes over time, I will update the review.
88. Works good but there's cheaper products that do the same.
89. This is useless.  You have to place your entire mouth over the opening and then exhale.  I don't see how you could use this while driving or anythingelse
90. I used this and left the clothes in the dryer for a week-they didn't look too bad when they came out
91. I used this to line a section of my shoe (upper) as it was too large for me.  I have a narrow foot, and sometimes need to fill some space.  The moleskin is wonderful, since it can be cut to exact size, is very soft (you almost don't feel it), and it is adhesive so stays perfectly in place.
92. This medicine was recommended by our doctor, and it was offered at a good price here.
93. This moisturizer was suggested to my by my podiatrist. This non-prescription product replaces a previous prescription given by him for extremely dry skin on my feet. I works very well, and is easier to use than the prescription since it is thicker and creamier, less likely to drip during use,
94. I have been using this Clear Care product to clean and disinfect my contacts for years.  It was recommended to me by my eye doctor when I was diagnosed with an eye infection. I have not had an infection in the many years I have been using it. I gave it 4 stars because the double pack only comes with one of the required cases. I think there should be a case for each bottle included.
95. Shiny black jasper with Archangel sigils for Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and Uriel as in pictured and described. I wanted these to use for my healing work and they are exactly what I wanted.
96. It came opened all over the place when I opened it.
97. Love it and does a great job but the battery's need replaced ever 2 weeks.
98. Was so excited to receive my Eyelash Curler in roségold and that the gribs fo not have holes like a scissor. Also size looked more comfortable than the larger curlers....BUT so very disappointed. Product came in cheap plastic box that was part bend. When I eagerly unpacked my product I quickly realized that the high looking quality picture does not equal reality. The material looks poorhas spots like dents on supposed high polished roségold look. BUT far more important is that the actual curling area is completely crooked, lopsided. As a customer I don’t want to have to “fix” my product to be able to use it on my eyes and be satisfied with dented plastic looking like material. So very disappointed! In addition, this curler was $ 8,- +- and not the cheaper curler that one can buy in a local Supercenter in person for $ 2.76 and is of much higher quality and can actually be used properly. Again very disappointing, frustrating, and waste of time and money. Please see my pics
99. A good assortment of tags at a very fair price. The tags are designed differently from what I'm used to--I am used to a page of stickers, but these are thick paper (cardstock-ish?) with a foil square that pops off, and they just stick to the gift with a small adhesive square instead of the full back being sticky like a sticker tag. That caused they to be a little more likely to come off in my transport of gifts, but not anything earth-shattering. The artwork is pretty though, festive and works well with Christmas paper. I was satisfied with my purchase.
100. I really like this eyelash curler... of course I wouldn't suggest using any eyelash curler after you have started applying mascara - I use this first and my eyes look more open and mascara added makes my eyes pop!
101. I love to ease of using. It’s compact so it is easy to take with. Love the choices of sounds. The adjusting light is great. I have the light slowly come on when I set the alarm to come on.
102. Love 💘 this product.
103. I like the taste. I wish was little bigger.
104. Has helped my husbands stomach
105. My cousin told me about this, since my wife is taking miralax via Dr’s orders, to help her! She started these about 2 weeks ago, dropped the miralax, and the results are great!! Seems to be all natural! She had to cut it down to half, because it was working too well! So far she is very happy with it, other than the taste! If you like figs and dates, it’s a bit like that taste, maybe little more sour, and it sticks to your teeth! She takes it at supper and has fruit or dessert after ti cover the taste! I’ve tried it and do not really mind the taste, other that it definitely sticks to your teeth! If you’re having “going to the bathroom issues”, it’s definitely worth a try!
106. Best price on the web for this product.  Perfect sweetness with absolutely no bitter taste.  Was introduced to this product when I lived in the UK.  Could not be without it for my morning coffee etc. Since it comes from the UK it does take a little longer for shipping but that is a minor drawback.
107. Foot Relief is the best I have ever found for dry, cracked heels. Soothing and healing for my sore feet makes walking 4-5 miles a day so much more pleasant.
108. This is a great toy!  We've been very impressed with it.  It is roughly the same size as the average guy, so no need to work your way up to it.  Material is very soft and realistic...Looks just right, too.  My wife said "It looks just like yours," so I guess that's a good thing.  HahaSuction cup works fine on a tiled shower wall as well.  Since there are no batteries or anything to worry about, cleaning is really easy.Comes in a plain brown box.  No surprises on the doorstep.  Overall, a great experience.
109. My mom recommended we pick one of these up.  Comes with two brush heads, so one for me and one for my wife.  I don't care that she picked the pink one.  Haha.We've been using this for a couple of days now.  Definitely a different experience than a regular tooth brush.  My teeth actually feel clean.  After a few hours, my breath still smells fine, too.  My wife says "It feels like I went to the dentist."  I got a plain old electric toothbrush about a year ago and this one is just completely a different brushing experience.I've been using the "White" setting at the highest intensity, and my wife is using "Soft" on medium intensity.  Maybe I'll use the "Polish" setting after my teeth get a little whiter!  I'm really impressed with this.
110. I was skeptical because I don't like to buy things made of synthetic materials, but I got a Purple Royal and I'm trying it out.  Here's what I like about it so far:  I sit on a futon sofa much of the day with my laptop, and the sofa is depressed where I've been sitting, so I'm sinking into the futon.  The Purple Royal is 2 inches thick and lifts me up, and out of the sinkhole, distributing weight well across the futon mattress.  It feels cool to the backside, and allows plenty of spread instead of being flattened and squinched.  I'm using it with the black cover, but I'm going to put a pillowcase over it to match the cover on the futon mattress.  Another thing I like is that I can tuck it right at the back of the sofa and it does not come all the way out to the front of the sofa; there's about 4-5" space between it and the edge of the sofa, which allows room for my legs to rest on the edge of the sofa instead of raising them up and cutting off blood flow.  I thought about getting the 2.25" one ("double") but that one has a "soft side" and I can't see any need for anything softer.  This one feels plenty soft and roomy.  I think the "simply purple" one (1.5") wouldn't cushion enough.  I will update if I notice anything different.
111. Good solution.  The only problem is taking it off.  Drips when removing.
112. works great just as the same as new and price is good
113. Does the job. Clean and then throw away. Perfect.
114. As advertised
115. As others have mentioned, you cannot use pressure or the device turns off, but you really do not need pressure.  It does remove coffeetea stains nicely.  The only dropped star is due to the inability to get the inside of the bottom front teeth.  The head is just too big to fit in the mouth for that.
116. doesn't stick to shoe.
117. This is a very small unit.  Do not expect this to work as a home humidifier for anything but a small to medium size room.  I bought it for my 90+ year old Dad's bedroom for the diffuser.  He still has a very difficult time sleeping alone since his wife of 65 years died last year so we thought adding lavender or other soothing essential oils might help.  Do not know if it is coincidence, but it seems to!  We have not had any difficulty with the settings, but we only use it on &#34;run&#34; and not for shorter periods of time - and only on &#34;low mist&#34;.  A side benefit has been keeping a good level of humidity in his room, so we will probably have to find another way to do the aromatherapy in the summer as his home does not have AC.
118. Awful. One was completely broken and the other was scratched up on the handle.
119. I cannot tell if it’s picking up anything. Dirt is still there after spraying and wiping... it smells great though.
120. It is a little hard to explain the feeling after using this. It suppressed coughing for momentarily. I didn't use it long enough to say it provided long-lasting results. My package came disheveled. The salt package was open, and salt was everywhere. There was a tiny crack on the bottom of the inhaler. Watch out for that! I contacted Amazon, and they refunded my money right away.
121. This works exactly as expected. Nice and soft. Easy to adjust to the size needed
122. Larger than expected but it will be used.
123. No product can work perfectly for everyone, but this has been great for me. I have always carried my tension in my neck and shoulders and then I hurt my neck about three years ago. Snce then, I've woken up with a crick in my neck that won't go away for a week or two about once every 4 to 6 weeks, sometimes more often. Sometimes it even happens if I just move the wrong way  throughout the day.I began to use this device about a week ago and it loosened my neck right up in about two days. I'm trying to get in the habit of using it almost every night for 10 to 15 minutes before I go to sleep, and my neck feels freer, more relaxed, and more mobile than it has felt in a few years.
124. Great deal for the price
125. This thing is life. hits all my spots.... Unlike most men and their girlfriends... Man I'm snarky AF
126. This tastes great!  I love this right out of the jar.  If you use it sensibly, it won't spike your blood sugar.
127. This file may be cheap but it is a total waste of money.
128. Works as expected
129. My old handle had started sticking with the button ... easy to replace and now it works as it should.
130. I usually prefer American products, but bamboo is just better, we should grow it here. It's renewable and long lasting as a toothpick and other wood products. I have a bamboo toilet seat too !
131. One word: Hot! But it does subside. If you ever had a yoni steam it’s kinda like that. After the initial burn it’s really refreshing.
132. Scam is scam
133. These are the s#*t. I have used several butt wipes over the years, these are the best. They don't have any perfume crap scent. They are thick enough so you don't accidentally give yourself a digital. Strong enough for a heafty man butt.
134. I liked them in the beginning but after  wearing them for a few weeks, the toe loop started to stretch out and they start shifting under your foot and this happens with socks on I can't truly recommend these pads since they shift around too much in the sock
135. I have oily skin and it's so hard to wear makeup because it smudges and looks greasy after an hour or two. I've noticed a drastic difference with this! It keeps my oily skin matted for hours! You also don't have to use much at all and the bottle is bigger than I expected so it should last a long time.
136. Not what I wanted... had great reviews so I ordered but the "pink" necklaces are purple. Definitely not pink at all. It will still work for my gender reveal but I do not recommend these if you're looking for PINK AND BLUE beads like it says in the description 🙄
137. Very quick delivery. Flavor is really good.
138. Price is a little high
139. I really liked this whole set. I was out of helium, so that was no fun. I was only able to use a few of the balloons. I couldn’t get enough helium in the confetti filled balloons to get it to float! It sank, so it was just sitting on the table. All in all, the banner itself was totally worth it. It was easy to thread the letters on to the string with the “needle” tool.
140. Great pads and they wash up nice... Only issue is that since the cleaning agents are in the disposable pads from irobot you get just plain water unless you spray your floors with cleaner.. I used the wet mop pads to get the sticky dirty stuff and then used a disposable to get the floors clean by running the mop again.
141. Wonderful product! I ordered this last week and received within 1-2 working days. I actually got much more than I expecting from this casual Microfiber shower wrap. The comfortable stuff, quality fabric, smooth touch, great water absorbent, and relaxing feel is what I need for a cool shower after a hectic day in office.
142. great  Glycerin. nice quality and did the job
143. Great bottles perfect for making recipes to use for the whole family. The dark color helps to ensure those oils sensitive to direct light are protected. Roller heads snap in and work great!
144. I purchased HCL because it’s supposed to be a lot gentler on your stomach. However this is not at all gentle on the stomach. I’m 7 days in with it and it still gives me cramps and the runs. Hopefully it will get better in the next few days. I have seen quicker recovery and less soreness from workouts though, especially legs.
145. I was looking for small bandages and could only find them in boxes of assorted sizes - the other sizes I did not need.  These small bandages work great.  They cover small cuts, wounds, etc.  They are easy to apply and adhere well.  They also can be removed easily.  I had no reason to contact the seller since the package came within a couple of days.  No problems with the shipment.  I will reorder as I need them.
146. I had been in the air traffic control business for a number of years and discovered this early on.  Great taste and no bad effects.  So if you need a little pick me up, no bad effects and a great taste then this is what you want to try.  I am now in my mid seventies and it still has a great taste and just enough pick me up to keep me hopping when I need it.
147. I was surprised at the size of this map. It durable yes but oh so small.Not sure if it tell a measurement in the description? I would not have bought if I saw how small it was…… not worth the money!!
148. what I like about this gauze is that is is soft, stretchy and goes on without much fuss unlike standard gauze which is not soft, not stretchy and falls off while you are trying to wrap it and you cuss a lot as your wounds weep or worse bleed and you have to start all over again and then you just sit in a pile of crappy gauze crying in frustration.But not this gauze.Also, very nicely priced.
149. Use these in home security system Seem to be just as good as Duracell
150. I have been using this product for years. Ordering the two pack avoids you getting the "new flavor" that tastes horrid
151. It is the exact same piece that came with my C-pap which broke. Was very unhappy with the $65 price point yet didn't have any lessor priced options.
152. The mask is soft but there was some color transfer onto my pillows.  I can't explain why this happened.  Also, the plastic adjustment clasp on the elastic band can gouge the side of my head.  There must be better sleep mask options out there...
153. They could be a little thicker so they hold the loop better
154. A little more firm than I expected,but my mom find comfortable.
155. Ease of use, use it to weigh horse feed etc.
156. Use these for all my lettuce. I have noticed that the lettuce stays much fresher for longer, and the bags can be easily washed to be reused.
157. Bought for a Christmas gift very well received and shipped and fashionable manner  Now after 6 months of lite use they are wore out, the glass In the middle of files has worn off,  evidently cheap!!
158. I got these, they were a great deal, but I feel like they stink until you get used to them. They are somewhat soft, but not like I’d expect from tissue with lotion.
159. Took over 2 months to receive.  the rolls are smaller than a regular roll of toilet paper.  a roll would fit in the palm of your hand.
160. UPDATE:Item did not make the 2 month anniversary.  For this reason I have updated the rating.This Water pik for teeth is what I wanted.  With 3 speeds it meets my every expectation.  My gums are benefiting from the pulsating action.  It keeps the extraction area clean (low setting), where the brush seems to miss.
161. It arrived fast and I must say not going only the pair are easy to use they are beautiful. Great price too.
162. Works perfectly, on batteries.
163. I like this item because I can carry one packet or all of them.  The only difficulty can be opening the packet.  If your hands are stiff, I would not buy this item because the handles you use to open the packet are small.
164. I have alot of black... Hate those little fuzz balls, and an a animal that sheds constantly I do love my dog lol,  I have used lint rollers also the little gagets that are battery operated takes forever and really doesnt do the trickThis is great for heavy material like hoodies, sweatshirts and leggings.  I wouldn't recommend on material that snags. Best lint and little fuzz removal. BUT THE TRICK for me hold the material taunt!!!
165. Bought one of these for my grandson....then repurchased a few weeks later for my daughter.  They both love it....batteries last a long time....nice visual effects....color changes and sound machine.
166. Nice, light  emulsifier for essential oils.
167. You must constantly reapply
168. These are the very best! Love the packaging too. BUT, way too overpriced on Amazon. These are Whole Foods' brand and cost a 3rd in store of what is priced here!
169. Used for when we go shooting practice. Good price for its use.
170. Easy to use. Not bad flavor at all. The easier it is to use. The more I can take it. I have reordered. I can't really tell if it works. I just keep taking a variety of joint relieve products to maintain flexibility without the pain of arthritis. Hopefully this and all products for arthritis relief work.
171. Works great!  Lots of tools.
172. These cod livers are sooo good.  I couldn't wait try them and they didn't disappoint.Next to lobster tails, I've never tasted anything so GOOD in my life!EDIT: 12282019I'm taking OFF 2 stars for the SMASHED UP CANS YOU KEEP SENDING ME!
173. I really like these flashlight because its quit bright, heavy, and good design.  I purchased eight and keep every room for emergency.  Also I usekeep rechargeable buttery for these so I can change and recharge them whenever I need it.
174. I started taking this supplement about 2 weeks ago.  I have Rheumatoid Arthritis, as well as Osteoarthritis in both knees.  Recently, I have developed tendonitis in both shoulders, so I thought I'd try this.It gave me the absolute WORST HEARTBURN ever!  I try to stay away from heartburn medications, but Pepcid is my &#34;go to&#34; for occasional hb relief, but even this would not relieve it!I will not buy again, nor would I recommend it to anyone.
175. Great pair of scissors for any nursing bag! They're lightweight, but not flimsy.  I love the color, and they're easy to identify if a coworker picks them up and doesn't return them to me.  The blade cuts through everything I need it to with ease , and doesn't seem to dull down quickly.  Highly recommend!
176. These worked very good. We were having issues with safety glasses fogging up while wearing our covid masks. These lasted a long time and worked great.
177. Read the reviews and thought I'd give this a try... first flavor I tried: Pina Colada - smelled great but after the first taste I had to throw it away. It left a terrible after taste. Thankfully, the variety pack had two more flavors. Yup, they ALL have WEIRD metallic after tastes. Terrible. Would NOT recommend.
178. What a waste of money.
179. Checked out on the tester as fully charged.
180. Love it! Really works!
181. This Cavalier matches the one I have in real life❤️  Holds my glasses so I can find them easily. It’s a good weight too. It really is a cute art piece!
182. Small package fits easily in carry on.  A travel necessity
183. Original Post:  On time and as described.Original post is true enough but will add that they are very roughly textured.  Thought they would soften somewhat with use, but they don't.  Not buying again.
184. Fine and easy to use.
185. Good product.
186. Works okay but not as good as other stain treaters.
187. I purchased this in pink, and the dusty rose color is misleading.  It is a hot pink.However, that’s my only real complaint.  I have adhesive sensitivities and haveyet to encounter a k tape I can wear for more than 24 hours.  So there is that limitation, but not an unexpected one.  I use this on things like wrist strains and also to secure magnets to painful areas for magnet therapy.  The peel off grid on the back of the tape makes it easier to estimate the amount needed for a task, especially if you have taped the same area before.For the newly initiated, a general rule of thumb in taping a small area to secure it is to have one length of tape stretched 75% and the matching strap cut longer and unstretched (like for a wrist).  Medium size areas like knees may require one unstretched and two stretched 50%—that sort of thing.  Never stretch both pairs 100%.  That may feel super supportive until it makes your skin peel (a lesson learned from my previous roll of k tape).  Try to go to a PT or chiro for instructions :).
188. I love camu camu for an extra Vitamin C boost.  I sprinkle it very lightly into shakes, as such potent vitamin C has laxative powers.  So start small.  Yay for organic!
189. I find this cleaning product uncommonly exciting.  For a little background, I used to use unscented dusting cloths produced by a major company and designed to trap allergens as you dusted. That product was discontinued, and I've been rationing out my remaining supply and using each one until it is positively charcoal with dust. Search after search left me dismayed at being unable to find a disposable alternative. (I am all about reusable products, but with my allergies, I need something disposable for dusting.)A month ago I tried the smaller size xcel cloth and was delighted that it did all my prior cloths did and MORE.  I was especially impressed that it could grab damp grime and absorb fairly large quantities of powdered material such as a nutritional supplement I had spilled or laundry powder when cleaning off my laundry shelf.  It also does a job like no other on the sticky grid of my HVAC return.  I was especially surprised by the performance because of how very thin and porous these are--dotted with holes.  After an initial wipe of surfaces using one side, I just keep folding and folding it until every corner looks sootybrownwhatever the color of the dust or substance I'm picking up is.  Due to how thin and porous they are, I thought it would be a good idea to pick some up in the larger size as well for times when I want to do a lot of dusting all at once.  I like having both options depending on the cleaning job, as they pick up so much more than you expect that you'll definitely be using each cloth to the max and then throwing it out.  I saw someone else say that these are like paper towels but better, and I have to disagree.  They are in a whole 'nother class, and if you just swipe a mess on a counter with one side and throw it away you are missing their strengths.  If you are wasting these for a quick wipe and not walking around your houseapartment looking for things to clean with every little corner, you are wasting them.  One cloth can do so much!Additionally, they are wonderful wet--both gentle and highly effective. As a case in point, I used to use a facial serum that contained seabuckthorn berry. Anyone who has used that knows that it is colorful and stains badly. Some of the drips from the bottle had run down the outside of the medicine cabinet and the wall. And I could never get them off without concerns about ruining the paint. However using one of these cloths damp was highly effective and gentle.I am over the moon! I received this product at a small discount in exchange for providing my unbiased review.
190. This is a huge spatula.  I like that it is almost straight (indeed I was hoping it would be completely straight up and down) unlike a turner.  (Note the picture where I compare this wood spatula to my pink silicone and SS turner that is much more angular.)  I wanted to have something with a firm base but a straighter design because a friend showed me that her straight up and down wooden spatula puts a lot less stress on the wrists when breaking up big batches of ground beef and shifting them around.  I tried to purchase a silicone head straight up and down spatula from Le Creuset, but for my intended use it was a waste of money--not firm enough and with too narrow of a head.  I am really looking forward to using this instead.  I do wish that instructions for the proper care of the wood (apart from not putting in the dishwasher) were included, as I am unused to wooden implements.  Also, there are a couple of slight indentations in the wood on the very bottom edge of the spatula; this may be customary in natural wood products, but I simply don't know If it is.  But other than that, I am pleased.Potential customers may be interested to note that this is large, definitely larger than most turnersspatulas I have previously encountered, that the bottom is almost but not quite flatstraight across, and that the corners of the bottom curve in ever so slightly in addition to the slight angle of the mostly-straight-on head.  It can be hard to tell details from pictures.  I received this item at a discount in exchange for leaving an unbiased review, and I count myself lucky, as I had basically been looking for precisely this item.
191. Since I noticed so many people leaving five-star reviews for a discount *before even receiving the items,* I thought it would be good to be particularly thorough with my review. I've purchased several sets of glass roll on bottles from Amazon.  One of the first things to look for in the colored bottles is that the color is from the glass and not paint which may get eaten away by essential oils.  And on that front these are winners.Other than that, the key thing I focus on are the roller ball mechanisms.  I've had some really bad experiences with the roller ball mechanisms from roll on bottles purchased on Amazon. Often some of the rollers are rather loose, and then within a period of use (sometimes upon the first use!) the ball falls out.  The roll on is then useless, as the plastic is too stretched out to receive the ball back.  There is a popular aromatherapy group that regularly recommends a cheap roll on bottle brand on amazon, and I can only imagine the aromatherapist in charge is getting a cut, as those particular roll ons have many duds.Anyhow, as someone who sometimes sells roll on products on Etsy, I was curious as to how these bottles would compare to past duds.  Although 6 tops is not much to go on (sometimes it is only 1 out of 8 that is defective in a batch and sometimes more like 1 in 4, but either way, that matters a lot when you are gifting or selling roll on blends), all of these tops have roll on mechanisms that are not loose.  So as far as I can tell, should that experience remain consistent across the batches, these are the best roll ons I have come across on Amazon.Now for the less good part: Companies like Plant Therapy (for small quantities) and SKS bottles (for those who buy mass quantities) have roll on mechanisms that are more substantive--where the part that holds the ball comes up a bit higher and curves around the ball slightly.  I find those to be the most reliable, even lasting through multiple refillings.  With holders that are not as high on the ball, often times even roller balls that seem to have a tight fit in the socket quickly come loose. Only time will tell how the Pure Acres Farm roll ons fare, but the design is not as good as those companies.I received these bottles at a discount in exchange for my review.  Unlike other companies I have reviewed for, the way this company worded their offer made it *sound like* the discount could be received in exchange for a five star review; I noticed that many people reviewed the bottles with five stars *even before receiving them* on this basis, and that disturbed me.  That is not how reviewing for discount usually works.  I feel that people looking to buy these bottles need to realize that the review numbers are greatly inflated.I always provide unbiased reviews, regardless of the reviewing discount, but in my opinion, unbiased reviews should have been specifically solicited, as is common among companies soliciting reviews.  Also, I had to use a relative's account because they did not specify that you needed Prime to receive your discount until after your application to review had been approved.  This also has not been my experience with other companies that I review.  So those are a couple of tips for the company if less so for those interested in the bottles themselves.
192. These are very cute and were sent very quickly. Yes, they do have big tags that can be removed in a few minutes from the whole set - get over it.  Yes, mine were patterned in the horizontal instead of the vertical - not an issue for me in a hair scrunchie.  Oh and they fit my average-sized woman wrist easily.  I get compliments whenever I wear one, and am doing the good fair-trade thing.
193. Only got one that was right.
194. I found out about these  adhesive pads by accident from the creator, "Chris", and he explained to me about how he went to China and worked with the manufacturer of that special "KT" tape, to make these pads. Well I've been using the  sensor cover pads for a week now and I'm very impressed Chris. I guess you forgot about the other items, but that's okay the sensor cover are Great.  Thanks  So I wrote the original review after receiving my first box of sensor covers back in November of last year. Of that order I have 3 left, (even gave out a couple of samples to other people), and have just received my second order of these Great sensor covers. I can not stress enough how great this product is, except to say make sure your arm is completely dry from the alcohol pad before applying the cover.
195. It clean the way they say
196. A nice basic moisturizer that absorbs like a dream and keeps skin plump. I mix it with Cicaplast to moisturize mature skin and heal mild acne overnight. Could be used as an eye and neck cream. The product comes in a large tube and is unscented. Clean and effective.
197. Other than the color, I love it!  Really helps with pain
198. This pack of reading glasses was a great buy. The glasses were only a couple dollars more per pair than the ones I usually get at the Dollar Store, but much more sturdy and well-made. I would recommend these without hesitation!
199. Very good product. The handle is good quality and makes using the pumice stone very easy.
200.  i’ve went through about 4 foot spa machines and this by far is the best and i will surely keep. it is big. enough space for my husband who is a size 11 and he says he still has a lot of room. second, i love the remote control AND drain. something i’ve not really considered and am glad i got this. honestly, i got this on a whim. thinking i’d just return it if I end up not liking it. did not read that it had a remote lol. as you see in the video it works so hooray! the drain is kinda slow BUT dont let that stop you. if spillage is your concern, this drains slowly and no spills. third, the heater works!! unlike some that only retain the heat, this one really heats up the water for you. I know because i put cold tap water and heated it to 40. fourth… i loooove the rollers at the bottom. this made filling up and then moving it near the couch so easy. NO carrying for me, less mess, less spillage. fifth, the cover and the tools that came with it. they are useful bonuses. if you are like me who like to keep things dust free, the cover is something that you will surely appreciate. and of course the tools.. at first i didnt use them but they helped to get the smaller areas of my husband’s feet. i dont know how to use all of them but im sure they will all play a role someday lol. overall, recommend. steep price BUT it isn’t your regular foot spa. it is worth it i promise!
201. MUST HAVE with 6 months old messy eater. It removes pumpkin, butternut squash and carrot stains if sprayed onto the article of clothing as long as it is fresh and wash it after 10 mins letting it soak in. Since I have to do laundry with my 6 months old messy eater it really became a must have in our household. On the bibs (white) I did not use this product on the stains are horrendous. Definitely recommend.
202. It works OK.  Nothing replaces Goddards, it was uniquely effective.
203. This tastes horrible and doesn't dissolve in cold liquids.  I tried apple juice and it just left clumps, tried both adding to cup before and after liquid.  I decided to try using it in coffee, and it tasted horrible.  I added some hot chocolate and it still tastes horrible, but slightly less so.  I certainly wish I didn't get the 8oz container to start.  Oh well.  So far no major herx reactions.  Teasel root usually is within a few hours, this has been a three doses so far.
204. Have not noticed any improvement with balance, etc the black sensors come out.
205. Took to lake house for kids to use it works for them when needed
206. I got the coconut and there was zero taste! I wanted to return or exchange it and I couldn’t do either. Very disappointed.
207. I was quite surprised when I made my first smoothie using the smoothie blender bombs! Absolutely delicious, very filling  for half the day. Definitely would buy again. I purchased the peanut butter chocolate- yummy.
208. I have been using this product for a couple of years.  Works well without side affects.
209. I transferred this product to a glass jar with a sealed top. Very easy to use, stir in a spoon with my morning coffee tasteless with a slightly sweet accent. Combine with a good multi-B vitamin & a Pro-biotic for best effectiveness.
210. Excellent for viewing photographic contact prints!
211. This is a must have with the knee rover.
212. Pictures create the illusion is bigger, so watch areas around it to know it's true size.It was quiet, needs a bit longer cord & is size makes it ideal for your car.
213. Comes with a cute little mesh zippered bag, I'm guessing is for in the laundry?I'm happy with the feel of these two pairs, and the thickness is just right.Package arrived timely and in goodcondition, after some washing and wearing I will update your product againVery great purchase
214. This is really helpful for trigeminal neuralgia as well as aids with seasonal hay fever.  I try to keep some on hand all the time and use it as needed.
215. If you're looking for a colon cleasing product this is the one to buy. It takes a little getting used to, by that I mean the first few times you try it you will not want to be too far from the bathroom. Remember, I warned you. After awhile that will taper off and you'll notice your nails, your hair, your skin, your increased energy and probably drop a few pounds too. Great stuff.
216. I hope these work!!! Im trying to get some sleep,and this is kind of a last resort..
217. Actually this little piece of plastic for which I paid $19.99 worked and the sound from the back of the iPad was redirected to the front.  However, the basic design was flawed and the item would not stay attached.  I do not have a case for my iPad, so that was not the problem.  The device slid on easily and had the magnet been larger, or stronger, and the arms a bit longer, it might have worked.  The minute you leaned the iPad against your legs, or on a table, or any surface, the little piece of plastic fell off.  I am returning it.  Too bad, the thought was good; the design was not.
218. I am a physical therapist, and short of getting orthotics made for you, these are the best you can do.  Don't heat mold them until after you have worn them for a week or so; your feet get used to the support and heat molding reduces it somewhat.  If you feel that they support you too much after a week, then go for the molding.  Bonus:  they last forever.
219. I have been using this product for quite a while.  Just a bulk purchase versus small packets of similar if not the same.  Close enough for my use.
220. This appears to be the right sponge for my wand but is isn’t. I bought these in November and having run out of the sponges I had I reached int the cupboard and grabbed a  new sponge. Wow I’m I disappointed.  It doesn’t fit my wand. The shape of the sponge is correct but the base is wrong. It’s way past 30 days so I can’t return them. Maybe I can find a new wand. But really? What a pain. Be careful. Check the base not only the sponge
221. I use this to prevent hemorrhoids and runny nose.
222. a great fit! it adjusts well, like that I can suspend it around my neck without having to take it off.
223. One squirt is all you need to cover up bathroom odors!  Not loaded up with chemicals and fake smells.AND one squirt means it lasts far longer than all the other sprays!
224. Quick and easy way to add extra calories.  Mixes well with water and can be added to tube feedings.  I will happily continue to purchase.
225. I can't notice any difference at all except for the strong odor it leaves. My shower has white tile that turns a little yellow if not cleaned. This product does no difference at all except on the yellow stuff. The only difference it will make to your life is the waste of money and the waste of time spraying after each time you take a shower.
226. I use these bags all the time; however, after 1 or 2 uses they don't work anymore.  They are especially good for strawberries.
227. I have suffered achilles tendinitis which necessitated wearing a knee-high cast for a month.Since then, my sports doctor recommended that I always use gel heel pads. However, I discovered the pedag insoles while shoe shopping in New York. My feet immediately felt more supported and comfortable using them. However, the price at the shoe store was, to me, exorbitant.I contacted the mfr. who suggested I shop online and lo and behold, Amazon has the full line at less than half the cost. and what service do they provide!!!! (We all know about their books)>I have stocked up a couple of pairs and I acually gave my sister one of mine, she was so impressed with how they helped her. It is not just the feet but they help the entire skeletal system and the back.Now I am able to wear thin, flat shoes because the insoles provide the support invisibly without the bulk. I  cannot live without them now and will alays keep a couple extra pairs on hand. At Amazon's prices, that is easy.
228. I bought it as a gift. I haven't heard anything about it yet.
229. Would not stay in place
230. The color variety is stunning!
231. Got this for my husband so he can have his meds really for the month. And he likes this makes it so much nicer than doing them by the week.  He's happy.  And it works so well and with the little compartments being able to come out to take your pills that is nice as well.  You don't have to mess with trying to get your pills out by holding the whole thing.
232. My boy, Donut, couldnt go a day without Ferretone. Every ferret loves it!!
233. The perfect item for my emergency supply kit.  It fits perfect and built solid.  I filled a 5 gallon bucket with my emergency supply kit and snapped this on for the lid.  I'm getting another for my rare camping trips.  No more squatting in the bushes!!
234. Awesome! Doesn't soak up the makeup like a regular sponge or a brush would and it's so easy to clean.
235. This has to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever bought!
236. It works! I followed the directions exactly. I would have had to get rid of my couch if this hadn't worked. So grateful for a product that works!
237. This product did not work. Could not get it to turn on. Cheaply made.
238. Used to purchase this sponge type "box" to use on my Dansko professionals. Everytime I tried to purchase,  fewer and fewer retailers carried the item and some didnt even know what I was asking for. Also it seems that the products like this always talk about "shine" associated with its use. Along with the restoration and nourishment of the oiled leather.  So I just finally tried the item that most closely seemed to adress the issue of wear, and keeping the matt black appearance . This product really does just what l wanted. The matt black replenished shoe without shine
239. I purchased these for my dad. Got him two pair.  These really help with circulation of the feet. This company has several other "Sleeve" braces that are very comfortable and help with circulation.My first one was for my knee after surgery. My arthopedic said no BRACES, well these are not braces, but SLEEVES.I originally heard from the people who invented this material that our soldiers in Afghanistan used them to help circulate blood to their feet to help them "feel" warm in the cold desert night.  They could not wear anything that generated real heat because it would make their feet sweat and in the cold air, not good.I was getting foot cramps and these helped my sleep better at night.  I know you are supposed to wear them with your shoes, which I did, but found them more comfortable at night to make my feet feel warm, not hot.I will tell you.. my knee healed faster than expected which was great since I travel for work and need to walk alot.  I noticed my knee didn't get as tired so I got a set for both knees.Then I got the Socks too.  Not just these, but the ones that go above the knee.  Then I got one for the Elbow.  Yeah... I'm that jacked up.I know the quality of these and have recommended to Facebook friends who live across the country. Told them if you don't like them you can return them.  They had similar knee surgery.They had similar experience and also got the socks... Odd... the knee and foot issues seem to go hand in hand, or foot in foot!They to have recommended this brand to their friends.  When I see someone hobbling around.. i ask, then tell them... GOOGLE INCREDIWEAR, read the reviews, then order on Amazon.
240. My 85 yo mother has low vision and struggled with nail clippers. These were perfect. She still needs independence and these help in a small way.
241. I'm sorry but I just could't manage to make this fit in my ear well enough to block sound as designed, despite repeated attempts.
242. I was hopeful that this product could help even a little bit but all I got was a very tender and painful &#34;chest&#34;. After losing over 100 lbs my bust was well let's just say sad. I'm in my early 20s and feel that plastic surgery should be a last resort so I thought I'd try these &#34;vitamins&#34; coupled with specific exercises. After three weeks of taking them religiously my bust began to be extremely sore, even the slightest bump was quite painful and I felt it was in my best interest to stop. My chest didn't change at all, nothing, zip, nada.
243. Idea and concept great but the adhesion is very poor. In order to use these, I had to use glue to get them to stay on the shoes.
244. This product was exactly as described and performed perfectly in cleaning coins. Easy and safe to use and without a doubt the best I have seen in a long time. Will certainly buy again.
245. This works incredibly well for smelly shoes if you follow the directions. I washed my boots and they started smelling a couple days later so I tried this for several days and it worked!  I was skeptical because this is not a chemical product but it works really really well  and smells great.  I also love that it doesn’t leave any powder residue in the shoes like other products on the market
246. Works as advertized!
247. My favorite thing about this is the button that you push to pop open the lid.  It's well made so should be durable.
248. I couldn't believe how this eliminated my allergy symptoms.  I no longer need to take Claritin or Zyrtec, which are chemicals I'd rather avoid.
249. love this product.
250. This really gives a nice stretch.  I use it on my office chair daily.  Ever since I started using this the lower back pain I would have at the end of the day is gone.
251. Would purchase this again
252. Fish oil is a supplement where quality matters since a lot of fish oils contain mercury or less than the advertised ingredients. You should look for fish oil that is IFOS-certified and pay extra for that. A LabDoor rating also helps. The source location and supplier of the fish oil are not disclosed.The current cost is $30, or $0.50 per serving. InnovixLabs fish oil, which is IFOS certified and has a high LabDoor score, costs $0.14 for a roughly equivalent serving.
253. The taste is good. The ingredients are healthy and keto-friendly, other than Sucralose. I have consumed Bulletproof coffee regularly for years, so I am used to this type of coffee. One issue is the price, which is currently $3.50 per cup. If you have four cups per day, that is $14 per day and this pack will only last five days. You can make coffee at home, add your own butter, MCT oil and, collagen at a cost of $0.40 - $1 per cup. Where this product makes sense is when you are away from home, such as in the office or while traveling. For that use case, this product is good. Spending $3.50 on a cup of coffee is too much though.The other issue is that this product is not keto-friendly since it has Sucralose, which will spike insulin. The amount of Sucralose in this is not disclosed.
254. The front of the bottle says it has oil from wild Pollock and the back says it contains Tilapia, which is generally an unhealthy farm-raised fish that should be avoided. If the tilapia is only used to make the gelatin, the label should mention that. Oil from fish at the low end of the food chain would be better since those fish are less contaminated. Anchovies and sardines would be better. This fish oil does not have independent quality verifications listed, which is important for fish oil. This lacks IFOS certification or certification from LabDoor. If this is a natural triglyceride form of the oil, that means it is more likely to have contaminants. If this is synthetic triglyceride form, they should mention that. Other products that use AlaskOmega oil are IFOS certified, so there is a chance that this oil would pass those same tests, but the company should advertise that more.They added lemon flavor to the oil inside the capsules, which is unusual. It might be done to mask the taste of low-quality fish oil from people that open the capsules to evaluate freshness.The bottle is nice. The current price is $64 for 90 servings, or $0.71serving. Doctor’s Best is selling very similar AlaskOmega Ethyl Ester oil for $0.43serving. SmarterVitamins is also selling a nearly identical AlaskOmega product for less money.
255. This is a basic supplement that works well. The L-Theanine helps reduce the anxiety that caffeine can cause. The 200 mg L-Theanine  100 mg caffeine ratio is better than 100 mg  100 mg. Some people like much more L-Theanine, so the powered bulk supplement might be better.The current cost is $11 for 60 servings, which is $0.18 per serving. It is inexpensive, but these are inexpensive ingredients and this combination is being sold by many vendors. This is certainly cheaper than a cup of coffee. You can add L-Theanine to your coffee as an alternative.
256. This product has ingredients that support natural testosterone production and increase libido. The effects are noticeable, although I doubt my actual testosterone levels are increased significantly. The noticeable effects are more likely due to increased dopamine.Some of these ingredients you need to be careful of, specifically the L-Dopa and DHEA. Too much of these supplements can cause anxiety and aggression. To my knowledge Tribulus does nothing and it is the dominant ingredient. The pills have a funky smell, which is from the indole-3-carbinol. I3C coverts to DIM in your body, and DIM is in these as well, which is redundant.Another supplement that seems to work is D-Aspartic Acid, but this is a bulk powder not a pill.None of these easily-available supplements will have a huge impact on your testosterone levels compared to more powerful compounds that are harder to buy, but they should help slightly.The current price is $50, which is $0.83 per serving. You might only want to take one pill at a time instead of three.
257. This product has no obvious effect on my brain. I took double the dose, and still nothing. Most of the ingredients are not associated with cognitive health, so I was not expecting this product to work, but I thought I would try it anyway. Bacopa is the only ingredient in this that is primary associated with brain benefits, and it is the reason this product is named Memory+. This has bacopa leaves, not the more potent extract. Supplements that contain standardized extracts are more effective. Plant-based products can have wide variability in their active compounds. Skip this product and get a standardized bacopa extract.I measured 780 mg of powder in two pills. This is far off the claimed 1000 mg of ingredients. I measured two more pills and got the same discrepancy. This company is under dosing its pills. Another product I tried from this company had the same problem.The company is hiding the quantities of the ingredients inside of a proprietary blend.
258. People take curcumin for the anti-inflammation benefit. I don’t personally notice anything from taking a lot of curcumin from many companies. Considering the relatively high price for curcumin, I would like there to be a more noticeable benefit.I measure two pills having 1330 mg of powder in them, which is close to what I expect from the claimed 1310mg of ingredients. It means these capsules have minimal to no fillers, which is what they advertise.You are after the curcumin, not the turmeric, so the 100mg of turmeric extract is the important number when price comparing. The current price is $13 for 90 pills, which $1.44gram. The 90-pill bottle is $0.94gram. The NOW brand 60 pill bottle costs $0.33gram. The Doctor’s best 120 pill bottle is $0.34gram. Nothing about this B’LEAF NATURE curcumin would suggest that it is a better product that is worth such a price premium over the established reputable brands.You can buy tumeric root at the grocery store if that is what you want. Tumeric is too bulky relative to the active compounds for it to be a good supplement. Instead, focus on supplements that contain just the curcumin extract, and ones that contain more of the desired extract than what is in this pill.Made in the USA in GMP certified facility.
259. The chocolate shake tastes like brownie batter if you use coconut oil for the oil in the batter. It has a definite coconut taste. It has a lumpy texture, like brownie batter. If you use an immersion blender you can probably change the consistency, but even with a Blender Bottle shaker cup it is still lumpy.Room temp water with a spoon – does not mixCold milk with a spoon – does not mix well. A floating mass stays on top.Hot coffee with a spoon – mixes better, but not great. Sludge settles to the bottom of the cup.Cold milk in a Blender Bottle shaker – mixes better, but still not completely. Good enough though for me to skip the immersion blender.The product is clearly targeting people that want a lactose free shake. Shakes with milk taste better.The price is $30 as I write this, which seems too high for what it is.This product says “keto friendly,” but that is untrue. This is mostly carbs and protein. One of the main ingredients is maltodextrin. This drink will likely kick you out of ketosis and spike your insulin. While the carbohydrate count is under the threshold for ketosis, I would not drink this if you hope to be on a keto diet. To advertise “no sugar added,” then add in maltodextrin as the substitute is misleading, since it has the same negative effects as sugar.While I am not in the lactose-free target audience, I am in the keto diet target audience. For the target audience that I am in, this is a bad meal replacement.
260. I completed the full bottle of pills and my conclusion is that this product did nothing. I consider myself a biohacker and I am in tune with how my body responds. Perhaps the effect is masked by all the other supplements and peptides I take. I tried to isolate the effect from my other supplements and energy drinks. I tried taking more than the recommended dose, taking it spread throughout the day, taking it in the evening, in addition to recommended three pills at once.If this supplement does anything, it is too subtle for me to notice. Some supplements and medications take time to build up before their effect becomes noticeable, but I did not notice anything from this at any time during the month. I was hoping this would work since the company seems well-intentioned with a belief that what they are selling works.This is clearly not a stimulant. Anything that is a stimulant is more immediately effective than this product.The clinical trials are meaningless if they used a placebo as a comparison. They should be comparing competing products, such as caffeine, Adderall, Ritalin, and Modafinil. All of these competing drugs are less expensive than this supplement, excluding the cost of the doctor's visit to get the prescription. The real challenge for supplements like these is how it stacks up against caffeine, or a Monster Energy Drink, not a sugar pill.People that are avoiding stimulants are not going to eat cocoons either. Products like this target the fringe of biohackers, who already take numerous other supplements and are not nutrient deficient in anything. The target audience is different from a clinical trial group.The main compound adding to the cost is the peptide. For brain-enhancing peptides, Semax and Cerebrolysin are established, proven, and scientifically validated peptides, and both work great in me and have noticeable effects. I am not sure what cocoon peptide is supposed to do and the Web site of the vendor does not mention how it works. What is the mechanism of action? The other peptides I mentioned increase BDNF levels and are less expensive than this product.I am a man in my 40s and I have tried a large number of supplements, nootropics, medications, and peptides to help increase productivity, focus, and mental performance.The money-back-guarantee helps for a product like this, but it seems like you will need to take a test at the start of the 30 days to activate the offer.
261. This MCT oil comes in a fancy wine bottle and it is packaged like a fancy wine bottle. It has a slight taste of coconut oil, versus other MCT oils that have no detectable taste.You are paying a premium for the presentation of this oil, not for the quality of the oil. The bottle looks fancy and like a premium product, if that is the look you are going for. Maybe you are buying this for a bar or restaurant where the appearance matters. For the oil to be the highest quality, it would be better if this was 100% C8 oil. Other brands try to stand out by selling organic MCT oil.I drink MCT oil daily in coffee, and I have tried many of the brands. Another brand I have in my kitchen is the inexpensive Horbaach MCT oil that costs $0.15  fl oz. This Genesis MCT oil has the same ratio of oils and costs $1.48  fl oz. Premium 100% C8 MCT oil is cheaper than Genesis MCT oil.Many MCT oil bottles suffer from a pouring problem and drips. This bottle pours like a wine bottle, which is fine, and it has the problem with the last oil drip running down the side, like many other bottles. I keep my bottles on a paper towel.This MCT oil is sold in clear glass, versus nearly every other MCT bottle being sold. I am unaware of any issue with MCT oil degrading if exposed to light, but it is something to take note of. Many places caution to keep oils out of sunlight. The NOW brand sells their MCT oil in dark brown glass.The bottle says High Octane on it, which is silly marketing. They are likely trying to play off the pioneer in the field of MCT oils, Bulletproof Brain Octane C8 MCT Oil, which is higher quality and less expensive than this oil. Octane, the hydrocarbon, has a C8 molecule in it, which corresponds to the 100% C8 oil in the clever marketing of that competing product.
262. A good product with proven calming ingredients. These ingredients overlap with some sleeping pills, and this product can make you feel tired. For many people, these pills are best for after the work day is over and closer to bed time.If you are hoping for a flow state at work or an alternative to ADHD drugs, this product is not intended for that. If that is your goal, start with 200-400mg of L-theanine by itself to see how far that gets you. L-Theanine is an inexpensive pleasant tasting powder and it will be calming without making you tired.The price, as I write this, is $1serving. That price is reasonable if you consider the premium ingredients, like KSM-66 Ashwagandha. You are paying for convenience by having a company blend powders and put them in a capsule. People in the target market can afford $1serving.The product is made in the USA at a GMP facility.
263. I have been taking 10,000 mcg biotin supplements daily for many years to help with hair and nail health. This Vita Mountain product has calcium in it as well, and I am not sure why they added that ingredient. As far as quality, I have no reason to score this less than five stars. For actual purchasing, I would go with whatever is cheapest, which is often Natrol or Nutricost. I am unaware of any notable differences between the brands.
264. Comfortable and easy care.
265. Perfect bag for holding a dozen homemade cookies.
266. Helped when my husband hurt his hand!
267. I have taken 1 to 2 grams of omega 3 every day for the past two decades.  My reasoning for taking the supplement varies with my ailments and the research.  It has been shown to be useful for mental health, inflammatory disease, muscle strength, and cancer prevention.  I used to take it for my heart and memory but I'm not sure the science supports that.  I take one pill a day to supplement the large quantities of fish oil I get from fresh caught fish that we eat every other day.I chose this brand because of Consumer Labs' recommendations based on formulation, concentration, quality and price.  Not only is it one of the most concentrated capsule form, but buying it in this two pack with an additional discount cut the price to $.14 a pill making it the cheapest omega 3 per 500 mg.
268. Not sure why people say these are too small.  They are the exact right size for me.  I've bought these glasses a couple of times over the past decade and they've held up well.  The lens are distortion-free ang the frames are attractive and strong.  Exactly what I needed.
269. First I tried it mixed with apple yogurt. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then I tried it with Grape Nuts. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then we mixed it with eggs and flour, cooked it, and fed it to the catfish. They loved it so we will eat it all but it will be in fried catfish.I paid $11 for this at Costco.
270. 10 month Addendum:  The new order does not have the strong effect the first order had.  This could be due a difference in strength or because I've built up a tolerance to using it.  My first order arrived cold in a styrofoam box.  This second order arrived warm in a padded envelope.  I tried it immediately with no noticeable thickening of the nasal rinse solution and no burning.  However, my sinus condition improved within 24 hours so I will continue to use it.  I recommend ordering during winter months.If a tiny little scoop is all you need, then this is plenty.  If you put 14 teaspoon in your sinus rinse like one reviewer recommended, you've only got 8 days worth here.  I now use a heaping scoop in a half bottle of salted sinus rinse.For the first two days, I tried it in my sinus rinse and with a concentrated mix applied with a q-tip.  Both times, my sinuses started aching and I got a mild sinus headache for about a half hour.  I also got less nasal drainage than usual.I'm not going to try snorting it because the crystals don't dissolve easily and I'm worried that they could cause damage to my sinuses in concentrated form.  But I am inclined to continue the combination because it obviously is having some effect.I have non-allergic rhinitis.  I was on antibiotics and prednisone for almost two years before I had sinus surgery.  Now I get about one infection a year and live with a constantly runny nose.You can read about the research behind Lactobacillus sakei and sinus infections at The National Institute of Health (NIH).Addendum: Sinus pain today so I decided to add the powder to my rinse.  First I did a salt water rinse with a drop of baby shampoo to wash away the biofilm (to give probiotic better access to sinuses).  Then I added 18 tsp to a half bottle of warm water.  It hurt so bad it took me three tries over a half hour to use it up. The following day I tried it without the pre-rinse and I only used a couple of tiny scoops of powder and it still seemed to trigger pain.  It also seems to be thickening the mucus but not really decreasing it.Three Month Addendum: Been using this episodically for three months now and it still hurts if I put more than 2 scoops in 12 a bottle of sterile water for a rinse.  Nonetheless, the pain is tolerable and it definitely helps my sinuses.  My sinuses were symptom free until I spent two days doing yard work and then the familiar stuffiness and bad odor returned.  A full salt rinse followed by a half bottle with the probiotic has decreased all symptoms.
271. I've been on a mission to try out as many nutrition bars as I can find, looking for a combination of good health, good taste, and reasonable cost. After trying virtually all the flavors of a couple dozen different brands, these came in second to .  The Kit bars are a bit more expensive with no Subscribe and Save option but are healthy, tasty and not too sweet.We also like Larabars and Kind bars but find both too sweet.ThinkThin Crunch have more sodium and less sugar and are so-so in taste.Kashi Bars are the cheapest at $.50 apiece and the Almond Flax version are the least sweet.My recent least favorite are Coconut Simply Whey Bars with a fairly yucky taste.
272. Daughter loves these to take her iron and says it works well. These help her to have more energy and have increased the iron levels in her system. This has been great for her because she has anemia issues.
273. I milk one Nigerian Dwarf goat and I think this will last her entire lactation. Other goat owners recommended it and I’m happy with it, knowing it keeps her healthy.
274. Exceeded my expectations! Great Qualuty. Nice Size
275. My 10 year old loves this toothbrush. The various speeds make interesting sounds. His imagination takes him to fun places while he brushes. He has done a much better job with brushing since using it,
276. Great teeth & gums supplement.  After only 4 days use my gums are pink & redness has cleared up. I like the clove taste & numbing effect. Teeth feel stronger & set firm in gums too! They seem to be whiter even tho I drink coffee & tea. Yay!! 😁
277. Best invention, no more dryer sheets and paper towel rolls ever again. No smoke is blown out as well which is a plus
278. TLDR: Comfortable, but ineffective.I'm a side sleeper and live closer to a major highway, which I can hear through the walls and windows of the house at all times.  I was hoping this would help me block out those sounds to get to have a better quality of sleep.These are easy earplugs to insert and, for my ear shape & size, do not stick out enough to be a problem with side sleeping.  They are also comfortable.  These are the two reasons I gave this product 2 stars.After a couple of seconds of them in my ears my hearing adjusted to normal levels.  I feel like I could hear everything I could normally.
279. Purchased as game give aways for a baby shower
280. This was a very brutal year in my area for pollen and allergies.  On top of everything, we did some renovations so there was dust and allergens absolutely everywhere for a while.  We (my husband and I) went through a bunch of allergy medicines and nothing really worked.  Then we tried this, on the advice of a friend.  I was absolutely amazed.  There was no fogginess, no druggy feeling, but our sinuses really opened up.  Quickly.  I'm just amazed at how well this works.  This product has earned a permanent place in my medicine cabinet!
281. They now make the Kandoo wipes smaller. I called Pampers Kandoo and they said that they make them smaller and there are supposed to be 50 in the pack. There are 42 in the pack. They are now only good for infants.
282. My son would stay up because of the ghosts and monsters, so we bought this spray and let him take control of getting those ghosts. He has been able to sleep great knowing he has to ghost spray.
283. As a sun cream it worked well. As a mosquito repellant not so much.
284. You can't expect quality products if it's super cheap, especially organic Acerola. I take the Acerola tabs but sometimes I rather just mix it in my drinks. This is very tart so I recommend mixing it with juice and also using a whisk. It can clump very easily. It really does give me energy. I'm very sensitive to caffeine so this is a great alternative to energy drinks. Doesn't mess with my glucose levels and I don't crash on this. The benefits of Acerola are amazing and I recall hardly getting sick living in Puerto Rico, because we had a large Acerola tree in our back yard. My mom use to juice them and we ate them as a family on a daily basis. Miss that tree!
285. My wife is using this steamer in her esthetic business.  Its a great simple steamer.Came well-packaged with no damage to glass water holder (these often arrive cracked).Base is sturdy.  Not wobbly.  No creaks.  Its basic, but not cheapo.She has more expensiveadvanced units with attachments.  But this has become a goto for minor extractions and cleansing.Recommended.
286. Comes well-packaged and is very suitable for gifting.Scent is rather bland at first hit.  Once you give it a while to work warm up and settle in on the skin it does open up a bit.  Complex - but a still a bit muddy.This is not an amazing scent.  Not really memorable.  But nice and subtle enough for everyday use or gym roll on.I'll continue to use it and update this review.
287. Received this for my wife.She's been using it for about a month now and reports that its a good trimmer.  She regularly uses it for legs and armpits and that "other" area.  Good for legarmpits all year round as well as winter maintenance in the "other" area.She does say that you if you have darkthick hair you still need to wax if you're going to the beachpool - but lightfair hair will probably not need to.My electric shaver was out of power and I used it on my face - thankfully it worked.  I see it as revenge, since I know she's been using my electric shaver without my permission...
288. This thing saves a bunch of time and mess. And they know it cause they charge a premium $$$. Its probably 30cents of plastic. You could easily make at home if you had the right toolsskills. Also had to drill the hole out cause its extremely difficult to push caulking out as is. But it did make the job way easier. Just wish I didnt have to send them an arm and a leg for their price gouging.
289. Pro: easy to use and lightweightCon: just keeps me from moving my head without turning my shoulders. Neck brace. Doesn't pull my neck up for adjustment like I thought it would.
290. Bought for older relative who was having issues with mouth sores.
291. It's a pretty good water pick. I wish it had more speeds though.High is way too high and low could stand to be a bit more powerful.
292. Replaced original, perfect fit, the only down fall is that the adjustment stem adjustment pins are not the same as original?  No reason why, made it work anyway.
293. Love these things; can't live without them.  Others have posted they don't work, but it takes at least a couple months of constant use to get the full benefit; I've tried many other tabs for my joints, and will not go back to anything else; these make me able to move and not be in such constant knee pain.
294. Received sooner than I expected and were better than I expected!!!! LOVE these roller balls !
295. Very nice item! It makes a little noise, but it's fine. Refreshes the air effectively (I am a college student and my roommate smokes so I got this cigarette smell through the vent, and this device helps a lot). I add some essential oil there for aromatherapy.
296. I don't like them and very tricky to use it.
297. Works as advertised
298. These are great roller bottles for using with my essential oil recipes. Love them!
299. Great product, would buy it again.
300. I love this kit. It comes with a wide variety of file textures. It works great on bare nails and on acrylics. I had never used glass files before, and they worked great - much better than I expected. They are also attractive, which is never a bad thing. (grin)  I recommend this kit. Very nicely put together and everything you need for trimming and filing a variety of nail types.
301. I have weak hands and fat calves which swell quite a lot. These zipper socks by Presadee are SO EASY to put on. The material is soft and comfortable. They don't pinch at the knee and ankle like my other pull on socks do. I love them. The purple is very pretty too. I bought 3 pair. I may buy more. I can easily see myself wearing these every day. I like to walk barefoot and the toeless style helps keep me from slipping. They are really fantastic.
302. I am glad I was able to find this product.Great features:- Removable rollers- different settings : Bubbles vs. vibration- Heat (will keep your water warmer for a longer period of time) - I was surprised how much I like this feature- Different Stones attachmentsCons:- It take a little longer to warm up the water, if by accident you put colder water - not a big deal - I am sure it's for safetyI got this product on sale
303. Doesn't curl eyelashes.  It's a lightweight appliance, it's attractive and it does warm up.  But it does not curl lashes.  I really wanted this to work for me but it doesn't.
304. misleading advertizment
305. The bags are really thin plastic and seem like they'll rip at any moment. I bought it for the footprint tissue paper and it's really cute
306. was not impressed with using this. Wasn't able to scrub things and have it remove the food.
307. It stays stuck to the wall of the shower for maybe two showers.  Any small bump and it falls off.  Does not hold the shower head except at one angle.  Would not recommend to anyone.
308. Terrible manufacturing.  Leaks at the sink connection.  Hose is extremely flimsy and kinks if you bend it more than a bit.  Head snaps together and falls apart if you push water through beyond a trickle.Not worth the $4 to return so I'll toss it.  Very disappointed.
309. I like the product. For myself I would recommend it for smaller floors. The rinse feature is nice. The con, in my opinion is that it isn't a large enough container to do a big area without going for clean water. My whole house is tile. But for smaller areas it works well.
310. Product was exactly as described works perfectly with our amope pedi
311. I got two, for myself and my wife. She stopped using hers after a month or so because it made her neck pain worse, I stopped a few months later. It seemed great at first, keeping my head and neck aligned. But after a while, I started waking up with neck pain, which is unusual for me. It felt to me like the pillow got firmer instead of softer with use. So I tried a different pillow and found the neck pain disappeared, pretty much overnight. It's a great idea. We're all different. This pillow may work for others, just not for me. I gave an extra star for customer service trying to make it right. I would buy from them again, just not this particular product.
312. This did not work as advertised. My glasses still fog just as before.
313. I bought this product because I read in a periodical that Omega 3's are what we need for inflamation.  It's better than Omega 6's.  So I switched over to this Fish Oil product and I'm enjoying the lemon taste.  I take two teaspoons a day and the taste is not offensive at all.  I will order another when this one runs out and hopefully my body will do much better in the future.
314. I bought this product because at the stores they only have the deodorant with all the funky smells or no smell at all.  I used to use one with a beautiful fragrant flower smell but they discontinued it.  Too bad because I have to look for another deodorant where I can tolerate the smell.
315. I bought this squeegee for our shower tiles and glass door. It works very well. The angle of the handle is adjustable and an extension handle can be installed. I bought a handle adapter through Amazon so that a short, screw on handle can be attached. It came with two replacement blades and works very well. Makes quick work of getting the water off shower tiles and glass.
316. Really helped with tension in my shoulders!
317. Love them.  Great price for the product.
318. Best spray wax on the market by a longshot. The durability of other spray on rinse off products doesn't even compare to this product. Have had this last 6+ months after properly clay barring a vehicle. Perfect for wheels as well.
319. Amazing product
320. Easy to use and a complete kit. Just get more shine cloth after a few uses.
321. This item is not as good as advertised. I read the research paper the product is based on and the statistics looked decent but I am not one of the people this product worked a miracle on. I am back to the old acid blockers. This product is worth a try but after one bottle if you feel no improvement do not waste your money on another one.
322. Like magic, these things scrap away dirt like nothing else. I finally found a product that does not scratch but gets dirt off. My only problem is they really are one shot only, and deteriorate very quickly. They cannot take much abuse but they do what no other sponge can.
323. I use this product for keeps drain traps filled in the science lab. The extra heavy formula helps it stay in place and fill the large space in the pipe.
324. Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
325. Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
326. Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
327. I travel and camp and this product makes life so much easier. I can clean clothes on the go and carry this in my pocket.
328. Creates a good foamy lather in under a minute, bristles have not fallen out and the knot is tight.  Initially has a musky odor and only issue would be that the handle is pretty wide- I have big hands and it is a difficult to get a comfortable grip.  But overall I am satisfied with the product
329. This sealer is pretty loose, the consistancy of hot syrup, which makes the process go faster but can make for messy cleanup.Good: My grout is now absolutely water proof after only one coat, and I used about 110th of a quart bottle to do 300sq ft of grout lines.  A little goes a very long way!Bad: I bought one of those dispenser bottles for grout lines at Lowes, works great with this sealer but every now and then it would pour out and I would have to wipe it off the tile.  No big deal but turns out it does not wipe completely off of my sealed porcelain tile.  It left a wierd film that will not come off.Great product, just be sure to get a bottle of aquamix sealer remover as well.
330. I've been using the cup for about 2 years and this is a amazing product and I can't believe I've went so long without it. Cleans within 3 mins.
331. Not the best but good for the money.
332. This herb was recommended by a natural practioner.  I was having extremely long and heavy periods after a miscarriage.  Lady's Mantle did the trick, shortening my cycles and drastically reducing the flow.  However, do your own research and know how what you are taking will affect you!
333. I love these oil but they raised the price.  This is not greasy and good for skin.  Great for senaitive skin.
334. There is a whole lot going for this product. Cricket powder adds protein and essential aminos to your baking, which can easily up your food's nutrition profile.The downside, if you can even call it that, is the slight change it'll make to your food's taste. It is not at all overwhelming, but you'll notice a faint taste of something different - and that's it, not something bad or buggy but just different - and you or your guestsconsumers may be initially put off.However, I expect this can be compensated for by including flavors with stronger profiles. I am trying to make a bread that is not overly sweet or the like, but I suspect the reason why most users of cricket powder vend sweet products is to offset the taste. When you use this product you may need to make some test batches first to see how the powder affects your food's flavors.In my first few batches, I made a banana bread with 2 tbsp of cricket powder that worked out 99%. I also made a more general sweet bread (a muffin recipe, but in a bread pan) using 2 tbsp of the powder, where the taste was more noticeable so perhaps 90% of where I wanted it to be.It's pricey, but the product is worth playing with and especially for ifwhen the premium declines and you know how to use it.
335. Cute. Whatever it takes to make the kids brush!
336. Makes nice bubbles and the message is good.
337. My only non drug solution for a bad headache...works every time...
338. Although the grains in this formula say they're 100% organic, they don't say they're 100% gluten free and within a few days of  taking this formula, every night, about an hour after ingesting it, my head started itching...then my face, ears, my back. It got worse, night after night until one night I was awake all night long, scratching my head and face off...I realized it could only be the fiber causing this so I stopped taking it and the itching went away and the following night without taking it, I wasn't itching at all....  And the sad thing is that I liked everything about the product, the taste and the ease of taking it...and  it helped with giving me a good morning poop the first few days....however by the 5th day, I had diarrhea...and then gas and bloating and that kept getting worse.  I'm thinking there is something in this formula that contains gluten even though organic.  That's how my body reacts to eating gluten so I know this is not something I can tolerate...Just making anyone who is gluten intolerant aware that I suspect this product contains gluten although itclearly doesn't mention that it's gluten free.  I just assumed it would be..
339. I don't know what to think of this product or why I had such a negative reaction to it...legs swelling, infection that required I takean antibiotic...I bought two bottles, one for a friend...She took it for two days and wound up with a high fever...Both of us haddifferent types of infections from the same product...I can't explain what happened...we didn't spend time together...I sent thisproduct to work with my husband to give to her...so she and I weren't even in the same room...I just can't imagine what is inthis that would cause such a bad reaction to take place from two random people at the same time.....but I sent both bottles back for a refund...I felt this was a very scary experience..I never get bacterial infections..Mine was a staph infection...
340. Looking through the clear bag when my kale powder arrived, the shade of the green powder is a bit pale compared to the color of fresh kale.But curious to taste it, I added a teaspoon of powder to a 12 glass of water and just drank it....Surprisingly, it tasted fresh and sweet.  I'm just hoping this is truly what it says it is....pure organic kale powder and nothing else.  This tastes far better than so many green powders I've purchased.  No bitterness whatsoever. I feel this was a very good purchase.  I bought the pound bag...which will probably last a long time~!
341. The foil was not in package and one of the numbers would not stay deflated.
342. Cheaply made
343. Perfect box for oils. They fit perfectly.
344. This product worked well as weather stripping on my boat's storage compartments.
345. Lid can half broken, then completely disconnected within a week.  Didn't talk to seller.  Thought it would be better quality.
346. Great to deal with a great product!
347. Tips in shpowerHad to go but a stronger oneThis one is dangerios
348. I bought this item as NEW, but it was definitely a used and returned item. Very embarrassing since I gave it as a gift! For the price I paid, it should be new. BUYER BEWARE!! Not all items were in the box, which means no instructions or information.
349. Peaceful lavender scent is awesome! I'll catch a whiff of it during my class and its so good! Great yoga mat cleaner.
350. These don’t taste bad at all.  It’s not my favorite but it’s an okay option.
351. My boyfriend needed a new clipper and cordless seemed the best option.  I can help him and he'd have a easier time cutting his hair.  these clippers are amazin,  trust me!!!
352. I liked the looks and works fine.  Easy to read display.  But I have an Update, It stoped working after 13 months displaying an Err message or erratic weight.  Placed New Batteries,  same result.  Can't find the warranty procedure on amazon.
353. Very happy.  Good quality,  packaging and product. Quick delivery.
354. I ordered the spiral bound cookbook. The cookbook is great and Carolyn spent a lot of time on tips and tricks for keto baking so we don't have to. The issue I have is with the secondary seller. The spiral comb was too small. You can tell that they cut the pages of a non spiral cookbook and bound it. The too small comb causes the pages to stick out past the cover. Disappointed with that but not with the recipes. Hope the spiral creator does better next time.
355. Love these! We use these and the silicone &#34;chewy&#34; straws and have stopped buying disposable straws.
356. This product in size 14 was big enough to cut down to the size I needed for an exact fit
357. I love it!!!! this item is awesome I really recommend it, fast shipping, excellent quality thank you very much  RoseMyst Instant Magic I feel very happy with the results!!!
358. By far the best supplement I have ever used. Vegan or not this provides so much energy, helps get your appetite down, and just makes you feel great...and tastes amazing too!
359. These foam ear plugs are soft and comfortable.  Though they are “reusable”, you’ll probably not going to be able to use them too many times before you’ll need to use a new pair.  A plastic case which holds six pairs is also included.These ear plugs are Made in China and being sold by a Chinese company on Amazon.
360. This is kind of a “kit”. . . though it has an “odd” number of items included.12 – 3D Face Bracket50 – Extenders2 – Lanyards3D Face Bracket – Really small.  Might work best for kids.  Depends upon the size of your face.  They are Made in China and I can only assume they are made for smaller faces.  But it can also depends upon the type of mask you’re wearing if you’ll be able to use them.  They measure 4” across by 3.25” tall.Extenders – 5.5” long X .75” wide.  These are made of hard plastic.  You’ll find some of soft silicone. . . but these are hard plastic.Lanyards – Again. .  “Odd” that there are only two.  They measure 13.5” long.  For kids and smaller necks.  The latches on the end are plastic and quite challenging to open.When you add 50+12+2 = 64. . . and at the current price of sixteen bucks. . . That comes out to .25 cents per-piece, which is really not bad at all.  One of the more affordable such items I’ve seen.Made in China.
361. This set is Made in China and does not have specific brand labeling.  So it could be sold as any brand.  For that reason, you’ll want to look around to see who is offering the best price.  I find the current price of twenty-four bucks to be quite expensive for plastic rods and brushes Made in China.The instructions show that you will probably want to use duct tape to secure each section together after you screw them together.  This  is certain true, as sections could unscrew as your working the brush back-and-forth. . . especially if using a drill.You may also wish to use super glue (or some other glue) to attach the brush head so that it does come unscrewed.The rods are not that flexible.  The more rods you attach, then the more curved it can become. . . but. . if you that some “tight turns”, then this may not work.This set comes with two brushes.  The bristles are a good combination of flexible  stiff.  The  brush is 4-inches across, and about 1.75” wide.  The brushes must be used separately, and can to be attached together.I wish that someone would invent a dryer vent cleaner where you could attach some kind of hose to a vacuum cleaner.  Because once you use such a brush. . .  you’re going to have to get the lint out.  If you have such a hose, then you could possible attach it to this brush  pole set.
362. I had high hopes for this item, but it didn't go well from the start.  As it says in the information sent with the device, this is not a hearing aid, and if you have problems with your hearing then you need to contact a doctor.  Honestly, if you think you need an item like this, then that's exactly what you need to do.  You need to contact a professional so that you can get some "real" assistance.This device is marketed to "baby boomers", of which I am one.  But this is a VERY "challenging" device in many ways.  MANY "baby boomers" and most "seniors" would never be able to set the device up. . . much less be able to operate it once it's all plugged-in.  This is the reason the "Jitterbug" cell phone was created. . . . Keep It Simple!!!  This device is anything but simple, especially for those for whom it is supposed to be geared toward. Most "seniors" do not want. .  need. . . or desire "fancy gadgets" with lots of buttons.If this item were $59.95, then I would give it higher marks. . . but. . . it's not!  It's many times that, and not worth it!I was able to set it up without too much difficulty, but I know many of my friends would have simply left it in the box.  Even if someone had their child or grandchild set it up for them, they still will be "lost" as to how to operate it.Three of the functions  modes, I just don't "get".  If you need a headset for a telephone, then you can get one very inexpensively.  No need for this.  If you have trouble hearing people, and carrying on a conversation with someone, then you probably need to see a professional about having your hearing tested and acquiring a "real" device for assistance.  I don't know anyone who wants to walk around with what looks to be an "odd" mp3 player with earplugs to talk to people.  The third function, of playing "sounds" is just kind of annoying.  At first I thought it might be nice. .  but. .  I was listening to what I would call "waves". . . It's obviously on a "loop" playing the sounds over and over. . . but. . . there is a "beginning" and an "end". . .  So when the loop finishes, it's not a smooth transition to start playing again.  You notice where it "ends" and then "starts" again.  Personally, this is very annoying.  It should be a seamless loop.Now for the one function that does indeed work, and I actually like. .  .. Watching TV.  Once you set it up, you can actually listen to TV and it works just fine. I like this because I live in a condo, and though the walls a quite thick, I still don't want to turn the TV up too loud, and there have been times when it would have been more enjoyable to have a headset like this.  Granted, there are a few "issues" with this also.  First, it will work with just one TV, because you have to run a cord from the TV to the base of the device.  Second, the information shows that the battery will last about 6.5-hours in TV mode.  Granted, that's a bit of time, but if it's a weekend, and you want to watch a lot, it still might not be enough.  It takes 5-hours to charge the device as well.  Also, if you have the earplugs in to watch TV, then if you have other people around you, you're probably not going to be able to "socialize".  You're either going to be watching TV with the earplugs in. . . or . . . not have the earplugs in and "socializing".  Also, the earplugs are not all that comfortable.  I'm assuming I can use other earplugs or earphones I find more comfortable.  I haven't tried that yet, but I'm "assuming" it will work.But even though I like the TV part. . . . There are MUCH less expensive and better options, if that's really what you're looking for.  I did a search on Amazon.com and there are some GREAT options. . . . a LOT less expensive. . .  . and cordless!!!!
363. Have used for years. Always feel scrubbed clean. And easily reaches your back. They never mildew or tear. Replace every 3-6 months.
364. No whitening
365. I like this collagen. I take it in morning and seems to do what it’s su to.
366. Did not work at all. A waste of money really. I left it in a heel that annoyed me in one area to try and stretch it out, and I had it there for days. It did nothing.
367. I placed these High Arch Supports in my running shoes and I am really pleased. I have really high arches and place arch supports in all of my shoes so as to avoid Plantar Fasciitis which I am prone to. These arch supports are nice and high and cushioned and just right for me. Great cushion and great comfort.  Really pleased with this product.
368. I really love these B12 Gummies and I do feel more energy taking them. In the past I did not really enjoy taking vitamin pills. Taking gummies that taste good makes it so easy to make it a habit.  At this point all the vitamins I take are gummies. Really happy with these.
369. Love these Elderberry gummies. Whatever I can do to help my immune system during this pandemic is a plus. The taste is pleasant. Vegetarian and GMO free is also a plus.
370. When I had surgery a few months ago I was unable to put my pillows over my head as I’d grown accustomed to doing. I have a CPAP machine with nose cushion mask and I used the pillows to hold that in place while blocking the light overnight. But that surgery meant I couldn’t use the pillows - I had to sleep on my back and propped a bit for two months. So I got a night mask and have slept all the better ever since. When my wife saw the difference in me she started to sleep with a mask as well - the darker night has made sleep deeper and more recuperative.We each have a mask we love (the same, gotten on Amazon), but we wanted a back up for her so she could wash that one from time to time. I saw this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade and decided to give it a try. I’ll admit - she thought I was off base with the wrap around design - it would not fit or it would be too hot or... but she gave it a try. She loves it!1. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade wraps around the full head. I have a larger head, wearing a LGXL baseball hat. She does not - hers is much smaller. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade fits both of our heads comfortably.2. I have not slept in this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade, but I did try it on with my CPAP nose cushion mask - it does not sit right. I can get it closed and all the way around my head, but I use it (and the purpose is) so as to block out all light. With the CPAP on there is a large gap at the base of the mask where it goes over the nose piece. Unlike other masks I have, I cannot recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade for someone with this type of CPAP.3. The materials are excellent! This is a soft and “luxurious” wrap that feels cool and soft, making for a very comfortable experience. My wife did end up taking it off about halfway through the night, feeling it heated her head too much. To be fair, she has the same issue with pillows, but not with masks that have only the eyes covered with a strap around. I had it on only for a brief time, I felt I could go longer than my wife, but again, needing the CPAP I am unable to use it.4. What we both like is that there is a softening of sound with it on. We use a sound machine to keep nighttime sounds drowned out, but this adds to that - my wife really felt it helped her sleep a little more blocking out additional sound.5. The velcro is easy onoff and it is well attached to the wrap, keeping one from worrying it’ll detach - it’s secure.6. Looks nice. For the ladies, this has a nice, feminine look - my wife says so.As of this writing, my wife loves it - as do I, though it doesn’t allow me to use it - and will use it often. She does take it off it gets hot - but that’s something that she feels is a personal thing. In the end, she’s happy to have it and happy to recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade mask.
371. UPDATE: After this review the company reached out to me to try and help “make things right” (my phrasing). I appreciate this kind of customer service, told them they did not have to, but if they wanted, the size was not working for meus. They sent my a 23rd version - the kind I do use. It has arrived, looks very similar to the one in the pics for the 34 version, and I tried it in several shoes. I already had my regal shoes set, so tried my dress shoes and 2 pairs of casual. I did eventually find 2 pairs these work with - frustratingly, many of the shoes to not allow me to take out the inserts, so adding anything makes the too tight. But these did work in the two pairs and were fine. So, I appreciate the customer service and that these 23rds inserts do work for me. They are fairly “hard” in that you will feel the support. For my needs it’s fine - I have to have a good level. They fit and did not stretch the shoes like the longer ones did, that too is very helpful. Overall I think these are going to work better for me - I’ve not tried my wife’s shoes yet - so I’m glad they reached out. For their customer service and because I can use them and they give good support, I have increased the original 3 stars to 5. The original review is below.This Plantar Fasciitis Pain Relief Orthotics - Arch Support 34 Insoles is not going to work out for us. I got them for myself, but when they did not work for me, my wife tried them, and they do not work for her either.I also realized: I have 3 sets of 23 inserts that I’ve come to really like. I messed up when getting these - I misread the 34 instead of 23. Therefore, these are longer. Figured I’d give them a try and it would be not much different. It is. The longer set up of the arch support does not work in our shoes.PROS:I like the weight - it is lightweight and does not add to the weight of the shoeI like the bottom - it is actually rather comfortableI like the cushion feelI like the support - overall it seemed like it would be a good level of supportHaving a need for arch support I find that what I need varies from shoe to shoe (pairs). I also use them in a range of shoe types: gym, dress, hiking, etc. So figuring out the type and style of insert isn’t always easy. I use an expensive full insert on my regular shoes - need the consist support. The other side is, I don’t want to pay that much for inserts for certain shoes I only wear from time to time. So, why not move a set of inserts from shoe to shoe? With 23 pairs is it possible and I’ve been successful.Now that I realize the 34 ARE different enough as to alter things - I will not get another pair of 34. They do not work for my shoes.If I could get these in a 23 length I would really like them - I’m pretty sure at least.CONS:At this length they are too wide at the toe end - they actually push out on the sides of the shoes.I do not like where they end under the foot - it feels annoyingIn the end I am not comfortable on and do not like this 34 size. It does not feel comfortable under the foot. And the size at the top end closest to the toes is far too wide. I think what’s weird - compared to other shoes and inserts I have - you can see these are wider. I have “normal” rather than “wide” feet. I tried them in both gym shoes - pushed out visibly on the sides of the material. And on dress shoes - which for men are often shaped into a point - and there too you could these push out. I yanked them out quickly so as not to stretch the leather. These just to not work for me. It’s sad - I did like the feel of my foot in them - under the arch with it’s support - but that was all.
372. I got this Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape for my wife and I - we have both been sidelined for several months. She severely broke her foot back in November 2020 and I hang a torn hamstring and then last month, surgery for another issue. I knew we’d be needing tape as we were allowed to get back into working out. Primarily I had wanted something for her - this foot break was so bad she was literally off it for 5 months - NO weight. And she loves working out, so I thought having tape would help give her support - and confidence - as she returns. She was finally cleared and has been very slow in building back up what she’s allowed to do. Today she finally was able to jump rope and put enough pressure on it to require the support. She’s very happy with the Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape. First, there are three roles. Second, it comes in pre-cut lengths which were perfect for her. Today she had the whole piece - she used three full stripes at points around her foot. It proved excellent support and made her feel completely safe as she jumped - this is a major step forward for her after such a major break - 2 bones, one almost shattered. So that this Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape kept her safe and secure is a good thing. Admittedly, she literally is only just back - and I’m still another week from being cleared - but I am so happy she felt safe while she was out there. She did not cut it down - there are the lines so she could have - but the recommendation was keep full pieces for what she needs. The corners are pre-rounded so we are hoping it keeps the corners from peeling too quickly. Again, this was her first time, but so far we are very happy with the outcome.
373. My wife and I have gotten these types of heel protectors any number of times over the years, but when I saw these I thought I wanted to try - they were thicker and suede - to go in a certain group of shoes. They are slightly bigger than any other heel inserts I’ve ever had. I like this size and the feel and they look like they cover a better area overall within the shoes. Putting the shoes on you do - as with all of them - have to be careful not to pull it off. I suggest a shoe horn. The feel is really nice. It feels thicker and like it gives just that much better padding. You do - again, as always - have to be careful to stick them right from the start or they’re useless - these kinds of things always loose grip if you try to reset. So I peal the back off, fold them in half onto the cushion side, then lightly stick the fold into the part of the heal where I want the center to land. I stick that harder when I’m happy with the placement, then press in one side then the other. So far I’ve been far closer than not with each one. Overall I am very happy with these inserts and will be getting more - not just for my suede shoes, but for all of mine that need grips. We have the regular kind, but these are far better.
374. The frames were not oversized
375. These are easy to make and lots of fun too.  Comes with all the ingredients you need to make some nice bath bombs.  The kit not only makes a great gift for any creative person, but you can also make gifts too.
376. These are cute and whimsical nail files.  You can easily hang them onto a key chain or lanyard and they fold like a pocket knife into the body of the dolphin.  Use as a letter opener or anything else in addition to nail file.
377. These Digestive Advantage dark chocolate probiotic chews I thought tasted horrible. I tried a couple of times to eat these and just couldn't do it. Sorry!
378. There are red lights around the entire inside of the collar and an infrared heat coil over the spine in the back segment of the collar. It's easy to open and slide around your neck (which I tend to do from the front or side, then rotate the collar into place) and then short-press the power button on the front outside of the collar to start it. You can long-press to stop it at any time or short-press to cycle through 3 heats levels. The red lights appear to have only one intensity (yes! I wouldn't want them to dim). Even the lowest heat (#1) is pretty toasty, and I'm a gal who normally runs infrared as hot as it goes. After about a minute, it's too hot to press directly against my neck, but the collar design allows me to shift it slightly back and it'll stay that way. Overall, I'm pleased. Most red light devices don't allow good coverage of the neck, but this one does.
379. This is the Boswellia Serrata variety of Frankincense. I regularly use the Boswellia carteri variety but have had a quality Boswellia serrata many years ago. This doesn't smell like I remember it, though it does smell pleasant. I also have a small bottle of Boswellia serrata from another brand that does smell like I remember. I don't know; this just smells sweet and like a perfume. I'm willing to accept that there might be some frankincense essential oil in this, but I feel doubtful about the claim that's all that in it (especially at $16 for nearly 4 fl. oz., now that I noticed the low pricing). I guess I'll use it as an air fragrance or like they suggest in soaps or bath bombs.
380. This is a 7 oz bag of USDA Certified Organic maca root. It looks and smells like I expected. It smells and tastes pretty fresh to me.
381. The device comes with one battery. You unscrew the bottom of the device, put the battery in, and screw it back together. Then you unscrew the top and use the included USB charging cord to charge the battery whenever it's low. A red light next to the USB port indicates charging and green is charged. You screw on the top to use. The button is at one end and the lights at the other. The three LED therapy lights are very small, but they seem quite powerful. They shine brightly through my hand joints. My initial impressions are that this does help with my arthritis inflammation. The light should be used against bare skin and can be held directly against the skin. One of the lights is infrared (heat), so the head can get warm and you may need to let it cool (while off) before continuing to use it. It has 10 minutes before automatic turn-off, and the head only gets mildly warm by the end of that time . The therapy area (lighted area at the end) is 0.75" across, so the downsize is the limited area that you can treat at one time while the advantage is that it's battery-powered portable. The power button sequence is: one press = on, two = off, three = strobe light, four = off. I don't like how fast the strobe light pulses and so will never use it. You never have to see the strobe if you just hit once to turn on and once to turn off (and wait before turning it back on).When placed on a hard surface, the little stand will hold the light pointed where you want it. I see no point to using the stand as distance decreases the penetrating power of the light hitting your skin.
382. This heating pad only puts out heat along the center columns of rock: about 1" wide x 10.5" long column of rock with a 0.75" space between the columns of rock. There's a 2.5" border around the edges of the pad which doesn't heat and isn't highly flexible. It works ok on your back but can't be used on the tummy unless you're lying flat on your back. The area that gets warm is 15" x 10.5". It works alright in the sense that you plug the pad in, select the temperature and timer length, and it heats up. However, I had the pad on my lap, a pillow on top, and my Kindle on top of that (several inches above the back of the pad). I noticed that the battery power on the Kindle dropped 10% in just a few minutes (which is really, really fast) and I had to reboot the Kindle to fix the battery drain. It seems like the pad messed with my Kindle's battery which makes me wonder what it's doing to me. Natural jade sounds good, but they're using electricity to heat the stones to being with.
383. You get a jar of solid soap for use on painting brushes. They suggest using this for oil, watercolor, and acrylic paintbrushes that need cleaning. You unscrew the top and rub the wet, dirty brush against the soap to work the soap into the brush. Obviously, you then rinse the brushes. It seems to work fine and seems comparable to the brush soap that I currently use. I allow the soap to dry out before screwing the cap back on.
384. This bag contains 10.6 ounces of certified organic maca powder. That is the only ingredient. It tastes and smells like I would expect. It seems equal in quality to the other brands that I've tried. Since it's a fine powder, it acts like a fine powder when you're scooping some out or stirring it in. I like the somewhat caramel taste that it adds to my chia puddings.
385. These are nice for using on your face, but they do not hold enough soap to clean larger parts of the body. The two pads measure 3" x 2.5" and have soft silicone bristles that felt great on my face. You squirt a little liquid soap on these and rub it on a wet face, and the soap suds up nicely and cleans well. The only problem is that soap can get on the other side and make the pad slippery to hold. I just grasp the knob between two fingers (rather than sticking my fingers in the pocket), and then I can keep a pretty good grip.There is also a scrubber that has a sponge inside. You can squirt soap on the sunny face, then squeeze the sponge to create a fine, white foam from the soap. These bristles are a little bit firmer than the pads, but they are still very nice feeling on the face. The reverse side has thicker, stiffer silicone bristles. The sponge is pretty easy to squeeze and pull out of the hole. It dries quickly when removed. The scrubber is a nice size to easily hold and squeeze while using. It is 2 inches tall by 2 inches wide.
386. While I really like this design in some ways, the sponge is somewhat difficult to remove and replace because it is dense and likewise never seems to dry out because it is so dense. The sponge appears to be made from cellulose. The idea is that you squirt liquid soap onto the side with holes that lead down to the sponge. This creates a reservoir of soap that can be released when you squeeze the sponge. The soft silicone bristles feel nice on the skin. There is a slit in the bottom of the silicone casing where you can pull the sponge out. I initially tried hanging this bath brush in an airy spot with the sponge inside, but the sponge hadn't dried at all after 24 hours. I pulled the sponge out and put it in an airy spot, but it still took two days to dry out. So, if you use this every day, it's never going to dry out and will probably start to mold.I like the size as it is easy for me to hold while using. The side that doesn't have holes has projections that are a little stiffer and rougher, presumably get rid of dead skin or stubborn dirt. There is a loop for hanging or to put over your wrist when using it. The scrubber can be used without the sponge by squirting the soap on the bristles, but the scrubber doesn't hold its shape well without the interior sponge and so is more difficult to hold. I'm thinking of trying to find a softer, easier to squeeze sponge that might fit in this. The main body of the scrubber is 5" long by 3" wide by 1.75" deep. Made in China.
387. This bottle contains 120 softgels and each softgel contains 2000 IU of vitamin D3 in extra-virgin olive oil. The softgels are small in size and so are pretty easy to swallow. If you choose to chew the softgel, it does not taste bad. The softgel capsule is made of bovine gelatin, glycerin, and water. They are self certified as non-GMO, and I appreciate any product that is non-GMO.
388. I've never used anything like this before, so my dissatisfaction may simply be user error. I'll try it again and update if I get it to work well, but they say to only use it twice a week for no more than 5 minutes, so it may take weeks to figure out what works. I got this when I had a blackhead that's not on my face only to learn that this is only supposed to be used on the face on skin that is not thin. So I decided to try it on my nose and around my mouth, where it tends to get greasy and clogged. Though my skin was left red with increased circulation, I didn't see any pus in the chamber.There are five suction heads to choose from, and the directions detail why you would choose one over the other. They also describe how to use the different heads most effectively. The heads are easy to snap on and pull off. They included several sponges that you put between the section head and the vacuum to catch any pus, and these sponges are washable and reusable. To clean after use, you remove the head and the sponge and clean them.I got a washcloth steaming with hot water and held it over my chin to nose like they suggested to help enlarged pores. I then dried off the area (as they don't want any water suctioned into the machine) and immediately started using the machine on the preset vacuum level. I thought it was level 3, but it turns out it was only level 2 out of 5. Still, this seem pretty strong to me. You run the vacuum head over the area, lift, and repeat for 1 to 2 minutes. The head also has tiny LED red and blue lights that shine at your face while you're doing this.You long-press the power button to turn the power on and off, but short-press it to change between blackhead vacuum mode, cold compress mode, and hot compress mode. There is also a button to change the vacuum speed. The cold compress reaches its coolest temperature (20°C68°F) very quickly, and you're supposed to use this on an area that has just been vacuumed to help close the pores. I feels pleasantly cool. The hot compress is supposed to reach a temperature between 38°C and 42°C (or 100.4°F to 107.6°F). It got up to 31°C then started dropping, then it turned off automatically. This was not warm enough to do anything but feel pleasantly warm. I don't see how it could help open pores when hot steam didn't noticeably work.
389. This package contained two household chore gloves (one with the cotton lining, one without a lining). They're of the large size. I usually wear women's large size, and these fit well. They were easy to pull on and off, including the one that did not have cotton lining on the inside. They fit close enough and are flexible enough that I could do chores that require some dexterity. The gloves cover your hand, wrist, and part of the lower arm. I'm very pleased with these as I usually have trouble finding gloves that fit well, are easy to get on, and don't provoke my latex allergy.
390. This package came with two silk sleep masks and a pair of foam ear plugs. One sleep mask is black on both sides and the other has purple on one side and black on the other.  The fabric is smooth and soft against the skin. The elastic band that holds the mask on is doubled over and is adjusted by sliding the fastener (rather than with a bulky snap or velco closure). I find this closureadjustment method more comfortable than my current sleep mask. The mask is thick enough to block light, and the mask does narrow (as in, has a "cut out") in the nose area for a somewhat better fit. But there is no molding or pillowed area to hold the mask above your eyes or fill the gap created between the cheek and the nose, so light does get under the mask. The mask lies directly against my eyelashes, and I don't really care for that. The stitching is neat.The mask measures 8.5" across by 4" high (or 3.5" high where it dips up at the nose area). The elastic can be adjusted between about 8" to 15" of length, for a total mask + elastic length of 16.5" to 23.5".
391. This 8 ounce bag of Maca powder is organic and non-GMO. It tastes like I expected from past experience. It has a plastic, teaspoon size serving scoop included inside the bag. I mix it into my smoothie because it adds a butterscotch taste. I have no problem mixing it in to thicker foods like smoothies or cereal and have not tried mixing it into juice or water.
392. I appreciate that this Noni fruit powder is certified organic and non-GMO. It appears that the only ingredient is the Noni fruit. The powder does not have a strong taste, but I usually use it in a green drink or fruit smoothie. It stirs in fine. They include a small, plastic 2 g serving scoop (about a teaspoon). In this 8 ounce sized package, there are about 114 scoops, so the powder will last for a while. Seems to be a good quality product.
393. This is a 8 ounce bag of powdered Amla (Amalaki). They included a 1 teaspoon plastic scoop in the resealable bag and suggest 1 scoop mixed into juice or smoothies. I've been using 12 tsp a day in my smoothies (using a different brand) for over a year. This Amla powder was what I was expecting in terms of what it looks and tastes like. It's USDA Certified Organic, Vegan, gluten-free & non-GMO. I'm pleased with this product.
394. To my surprise, it really does work.  I have this little shaver that goes through AAA batteries pretty quickly, so I put the batteries into the device and plugged it in.  Three days later, the 'renewing' light blinked out (i.e. the battery was renewed), so I tried the batteries out and they are working like new.  It was very easy to use, too.  If you use a lot of AA or AAA batteries, I'd highly recommend this ReNu It Battery Renewer.Update: I found that if I didn't immediately use the renewed batteries, they would start leaking.  So either don't leave the renewed batteries sitting around unused or get normal rechargable batteries (which is the option I've finally ended up going with).
395. I like this Twix-flavored protein.  The collagen powder in this protein product really does help with the granularity, but it does mean that a blender rather than a fork or spoon is your mixing tool of choice.  It's very smooth when made, and it has a good enough flavor on it's own that you won't need to supplement your supplement drink with anything, but like most chocolate products, a little banana or peanut butter goes a long way towards making this more of a shake and less of a drink.No matter how you like it though, I think you'll find it's good.
396. The big question - can you tell it's fish oil? Not really.  It's orange flavored, which does a good job of masking the taste, and you really can't tell that they're fish by nature.  Not saying that they're a perfect orange flavor - there's something undefinable about the taste that is just a little odd, but if I told you they were gummy candies, you probably wouldn't bat an eyelash.  Decent Omega-3 content, and if you don't like the pill version of fish oil, this will work quite well.
397. These little nail buffers are not just for doing nails! They are great for all sorts of projects & hobbies. They are just like the larger foam sanding blocks that you can get at Lowes or Home Depot, but much smaller (3.75" x 1") . So you can have very granular control. However, be warned, they are pretty abrasive. 60 grit on one side & 100 on the other. So NOT for fine sanding. Overall, a great deal for this large pack of sanding blocks.
398. Doesn't dissolve.  I followed the directions from the online description.  Package did not come with instructions.  Could not see my using it to gift!
399. My second purchase.  Every two years like clockwork, I needs to renew my transformer.  No more service alls.  This 75 yr old grandma can do it herself!  Reasonable priced.  Quick, professional delivery.  Perfect fit!
400. It works fine when your banana fits. But beware that the ribs do not allow it to flex more than a few degrees (contrary to what I assumed from the photos), so if your banana's curvature doesn't fit the narrow limits of the molded shape, you are out of luck. Also, really long bananas will not fit.One thing that is not apparent from the photo is that both ends are open, which is a good thing for airflow, and to let the stem stick out, saving internal space.
401. I have tried a few different facial scrubs and was very disappointed in this one.  I have another tube of "scrub" similar to this one that I refuse to use.  I will be purchasing my favorite REAL scrub when my current tube is nearly out.  It is about half gone now so it shouldn't be too long.  What I like about MY facial scrub is that it has plenty of "scrubbies" in the paste that I put on my face.  That way I can get all the dry, flaky skin off my face, clearing the way for new, clean skin to be washed with a gentle soap and then moisturized with a light facial oil.  I have dry skin as I am older - I don't have "dual" skin with oily and dry patches.  I have dry skin, period.  The "scrubbing granules" in my favorite facial scrub ensures that all the old skin is gone.  This product is so wimpy - it has barely anything scrubby in the paste meaning I would need to use about half the tube just to get enough scrubbies on my face to get rid of the dead, dry skin on my face (especially on my forehead and around my nose).  Just not worth it for my particular skin.
402. I'm older and have some recurring pains - my right shoulder is the worst.  It is part of carpal tunnel syndrome from typing most of my life.  Some days my right shoulder feels like concrete has been poured in the joints, making my shoulder heavy and hard to move (plus painful).  I place a pad on the front, just above my armpit and then one pad on the back, usually around the outer edge of the shoulder blade.  I could attach two more pads, but usually two is enough.  I then choose a pattern, strength and time and let the TENS unit do the rest.  The electrical charge that passes aroundthrough the muscle mass in that area does help to ease the stiffness and pain.  I can't say how much this helps me - all I can say is that it DOES help and is a great way to relieve pain without using drugs.
403. This is vanilla and it isn't bad, but I found it to be somewhat grainy and that's even blending it in a smoothie.  Still, I am in my 60s and don't think I get the protein I should have in a day, so having a tablespoon on yogurt or in what I call a "tea smoothie" (ice, tea, milk and some of this powder), I feel I'm boosting my intake and keeping me healthier.  It's not bad - just a bit grainy to me.  Maybe others would not find it grainy - it really is something each person has to decide on their own.
404. And I'm no kid any more!  I've tried traditional massagers - the electric ones and those manual roller kind and they don't work for me.  I have very sensitive soles - one would think after 6 decades I would have some tough, leather foot soles, but no, they are extremely tender and sensitive to just about everything.  I do have a regular foot bath massager that's okay because I do put epsom salts in it and fill with very warm water and let it "jiggle" my feet for a while and I always have a big towel handy to dry off my feet...then I have to wrestle that full of water massager to the sink to dump it out, clean it out and let it sit out to dry before storing it...nice, but a pain, right?  This foot steamer is still large like all foot massagers of any type are, but what was nice is the small amount of water used so that didn't add weight to the unit that I had to deal with afterwards - big plus!  The steaming I tried on medium first...as I said, I have fairly tender, sensitive soles and the medium steam was warm to my feet, but not uncomfortable.  I'd not tried a foot steamer before and was surprised at how it made not just my feet but ME feel - relaxed and much more comfortable than I had been when I started.  I just wish it could use essential oils or the special teas made for (body) steamers as I think that would be a boost to how my feet felt after using it, but that's just a thought...all in all, I love this foot steamer.
405. I seem to have a problem with fatigue.  I am older and I can be sitting for an hour and start yawning to the point I nearly fall asleep.  I can get up and move around a little which does wake me up for a few minutes, but if I sit back down the yawning starts again.  I've taken these drops for three days now and have not had the yawningsleepy problems like before.  Not sure if I "use up" B vitamins more quickly or what, but a couple of squirts of this raspberry flavored liquid and I'm good for several hours!  It is a bit sweet, but considering I'm only taking a little and the flavor disappears fairly quickly, I'm okay with it.  If you suffer from fatigue, these drops may help you, too - they sure are working for me!
406. I am not all that happy with liquid detergents and when I first found a detergent "strip" that I could tear off of a set of four and throw in my washing machine, I was hoping for a good result.  And they work great!  I saw this one and figured I'd try a different brand and these work great as well!  I love that they are small and non-messy, easily stored and if I was going RV-ing and needed to wash clothes, these are easier to take into a laundromat - don't even have to take the box.  Just grab one or two depending on how many clothes you need to wash (in 1 or 2 machines) - so much easier than dragging around a bottle of liquid detergent or paying an exorbitant amount of money for one of those tiny ones at the laundromat.  Maybe these aren't for everybody, but for me, they work great to clean my clothes and are much easier to store and use.
407. Negative ion necklace - interesting idea and figured I'd try it.  So far it seems to make a difference.  Maybe not a huge difference yet, but I have noticed that I am more awakealert.  See, I'm in my 60s and I often will feel tired and if I am sitting, it's very easy for me to close my eyes and fall asleep just that fast.  With this necklace, it seems to help me resist falling asleep like that.  Maybe there are other benefits, but that's the one I have noticed.
408. But for what they are, these have packaging that is quite different than what I'm used to.  I mean, most tissues are short, squat rectangular boxes or more square, upright boxes.  Of course there are the little disposable ones that women like me carry in their purses, but I've not had any that are in a tube before.  I love that I can store one in the car by using a drink holder - so much easier than rooting in my purse for a tissue when I feel a sneeze coming on!  The packaging itself is pretty, me being a girly-girl kind of person, I do appreciate the colors and plants on it.  The tissues themselves are sturdy and soft enough that I feel confident that even when reaching for one to contain one of my "big" sneezes (that I do have more often than I would like), I don't worry that the tissue might suffer a "crack" in keeping my explosive sneeze contained.  The only thing I noted here is that the cost is a bit high, but for a tube of tissues that fits well in the car, it is worth the price, at least to me.
409. This is very small!  Now, I put this in my bedroom as I wanted to see if it would bother me at night and whether or not it would work to clean the air.  I do have sinus issues and for some reason, at night, my nose will clog up and then I'll get up, blow my nose, lay back down, breathe easy for a while, then clog up again.  I am assuming I have some dust or other allergen in the air that's bothering me.  After plugging this in and setting it where I wanted on the table next to my bed, the sound is very quiet and for several nights in a row, while using this air purifier, I did find that my nose didn't clog up nor did I have to get up to blow my nose during the night.  Does that mean this machine is working?  I would have to say yes since it is the only thing that changed in my room for those nights.  I will try it in the kitchen the next time I burn something and create some lingering smoke in the room.  I'm very curious to see if it works like their video shows.  Based on its use in my bedroom, I would say this air purifier works very well.
410. I wore these to work hoping they would provide my left ankle with the bracing it needs as I suffer from an old tendon tear that flares up when I do a great deal of walking andor when the weather is extremely hot (or if there is a quick shift in the weather).  I tore the tendon that runs along the outside of my left foot - and when I say tore, I literally heard a CRACK when it tore.  It was so loud and such a "crisp" sound, I thought I'd broken a bone.  Anyway, it took a very long time to heal and because it is a tendon, it did not heal back "the same as new."  It hurts and feels as if it could give way when the weather is muggy hot and when I've walked quite a bit.  I mention this because that's why I ordered this "brace" for my left ankle.  And again, I wore these to work and while they are like wearing compression socks which are better than nothing on my foot, they have to bracing effect.  I even had kinseology tape wrapped around that ankle as well.  Ah well.  Short compression socks with my toes free are fine.
411. I just moved back to an area where I'm close to an old and very dear friend that I kept in touch with for all the years I lived far away, so now that I'm near, I wanted to give her something that she would enjoy and I know how much she enjoys a long, leisurely bath - a no-brainer to get bath bombs then!  This is a beautiful set that I know she will be happy to receive and thrilled to use once she can lock the bathroom door (kids...they always want to bother mom when she's trying to get a little me time!) and relax for a time.  I love these - for her (and others) - but I can't take baths any longer as I have health issues that make it difficult for me to get out of the bathtub from that position.  I don't envy those who can take a bath - I know my friend will enjoy the bath bombs just as I would If I could!
412. I made spaghetti this evening and thought, let's try a spoonful of the beet powder in the spaghetti.  I figured I could eat the spaghetti even if the beets changed it too much because spaghetti sauce is spicy and can hold its own.  The sauce did, in fact, hold its own, but man did my sauce get red!!!  The flavor was good, I even took 18 teaspoon of the powder, added a bit of water and ate it straight.  It has a hint of sweetness but with that small amount, I didn't taste any "big" flavor to the powder.  I have some frozen strawberries and milk and will try a bit of the beet powder in a smoothie, but I can already tell, it's gonna be really red!!!  Definitely worth a try - I always wanted to like beets as a side dish, but just never acquired a taste for them.  Powdered and added to other foods works for me!
413. Coverage is Good,
414. THese taste HORRIBLE.  They have an oragano flavor that is just gross in a gummy.  They are cubed shaped as well so swallowing them whole is a chore.  I'm sure they work well enough, but I just could not get past the flavor.  Maybe I got a bad batch or something, but too gross for my tastes.
415. Our doctor recommends we take a daily Vit D supplement as we see so little sunshine in the winter months.  He said there is a direct correlation to seasonal depression disorder and Vit D intake.  These taste great and are easy to chew and swallow.  They work well and we actually feel the difference after just a week.  3 Pack should last us all winter long.
416. This is a great cleaner for getting stickers and what not off of flat or slightly curved surfaces.  The included razor scraper makes very quick work or any stubborn stickers.  We used it to remove registration stickers in the cars, and to remove some old vinyl clings from some windows.  Scraper holds the blades firmly and prevents slips and accidental cuts.
417. These scrubber body brushes are soft and work great for working up a lather.  They are super flexible and gentle on the skin.  We even tried on out on the dogs (short hair) at bath time.  It did a great job of removing loose hair and dirt.  They rinse clean and dry off in a snap.  I would not use them on longer hair as they would probably tangle
418. This is a super heavy duty set of nail clippers.  The tip is long and curved and works great for getting those ingrown nails.  The clippers are super sharp and cut nearly effortlessly. There are double springs for use with either hand,  The handles are very padded and very comfortable to use.  These will cut even the thickest grossest nails imaginable.  Even the cover is well thought out and protects the tips from damage.
419. I put these in a pair of cheap slip on shoes.  They are easy to cut to size and fit perfectly.  They are super comfortable and converted a pretty horrible pair of shoes into a a super comfortable pair.  So far they are holding up very well and have not skid around at all.  It does take a couple hours of walking for these to "mold" to your foot shape, but once they are broken in they remain super comfortable.  Great inserts.
420. I have used Gold Bond products for years.  Every one of them has been a winner and this is no exception.  I get those itchy summer dry skin patches that are so annoying.  I hate using lotion when it is hot (it just makes me fell sweaty and gross).  I have this a try and let magic all those itchy spots went away within 2 days.  The spray is refreshing and cooling and leaves no gross sticky residue.  I use it daily and have not had any issues. It also helps prevent sweaty chaffing when I'm out working hard in the hot sun.  Another winning product from Gold Bond.
421. This is a great shaver for woman.  Easy to use and waterproof for use in the shower.  Holds a charge well and recharges in just a couple hours.  Very easy to clean and no nicks or cuts.  Gives a very close shave, and no razor burn or bumps. Great for legs and armpits and any other areas you may need to shave.
422. We used this on our work shoes.  It works pretty good and being all natural it is gentle on the shoes (and any residue should not effect the feet).  Make sure to read the directions as they are hilarious!  Effects of the spray last about a week but we have tried other sprays and they usually don't even last a week.  Do make sure to rest for color safe fabric as this could potentially spot or stain a shoe (we didn't have any issues).
423. I put these in my work sneakers and really like them a lot.  The are easy to use and easy to trim to the perfect size.  They are very comfortable and don't cause my feet to sweat too bad (a walk 8 to 10000 steps a day at work so I'm on my feet and lot).  They also stay put hen I take my sneakers off.  They have made my ratty old sneakers feel like new ones.  They do really form to your feet and are very comfortable all day long.
424. I have some spider veins that cause some issues.  I get little knots or bruises that cause a lot of paint until the swelling goes down.  I started taking this a week ago and it has greatly reduced the problem and has started to clear up the spider veins (yes I saw a doctor-  he said try a vein health supplement lol).  This supplement combined with my weight loss workout routine is really helping my issue.  No side effects and no issue with these capsules.
425. This is a great set of glass files.  Super sharp and smooth to leave an outstanding finish on your nails.  Works very quickly and leaves such a smooth clean edge it is almost like you never even cut and filed them.  These also don't clog like traditional files do.  I know professional manicurist use glass files to produce  super results and these produce those same result.  Love that these can be washed off and no worries about rusting.  With proper care these should last a lifetime.
426. These are really well made and nice tight toothbrush heads.  Love the cover that comes with them to keep foreign matter off them.  These did not fit either of our brushes but we made them work for the most part.  Soft bristles are comfortable to use and gentle enough on the gums.  easy to clean and keep fresh.
427. This is a great gummy to use to help prevent colds.  They also help with shorting the duration of a cold and reducing the symptoms.  I have used Vitamin C and Zinc for years and I get very few colds and the ones I get are minor and don't last for very long.  These are easy to chew up and taste good.  No side effect issues.  Really good to take daily during cold season to hopefully avoid the cold completely.
428. These are really nice gift boxes.  Very fancy and can be used for any occasion.  Super easy to set up and the kids gold down nice.  Add a little tissue paper and your really ready for any small gift giving need.  Love the shiny color that is really suitable for any occasion.
429. I tried this out right away on some wood handle knives we have.  Absorbed in quick and really conditioned the very dry wood (they go through to dishwasher which is horrible to do to any knife let a lone a wood handled).  Seems to leave a finish on the wood that should work to protect it from water.  Super easy to use and no bad odor.  Love the food safe aspect and I'm going to use this on the wooden cider press I have.  Great product.
430. I like this therapy roll on.  The smell is great and despite not having any lemon oil it smells like lemon to me (Grapefruit and lime bergamot are the citrus scents in this plus a fir and peppermint).  I tried it out when I had a slight migraine and it didn't help but it also didn't make it worse.  I don't think it was designed for headaches so I'm going to give it a go on a non headache day and see if it helps with mood and alertness.  I like the smell a lot and expect it will help somewhat with mood improvement.
431. These scrubbers are great for all your dish washing needs.  The sponge scrubber combo is perfect for most hand washed dishes.  Really gets the baked on food loosened and removed.  The sponge side works great for more delicate jobs.  If you have really baked on stubborn dishes the steel scrubber makes quick easy work of the mess.  So far these have held up really well.
432. This is a really nice size balloon.  We didn't have any helium handy so we just filled it with air.  Inflates easy and held the air overnight so no issues there.  Great for kids birthday parties.  I checked with a local store and they will fill the balloon for use for a nominal charge (they said $1.99 same as if we bought the balloon at the store).  Great fun balloon.
433. These are actually really tasty.  I use them for a quick breakfast on a busy day and honestly they keep me full until lunch.  I also like these for those exhausting workout sessions.  Perfect for and all day hike also.  Taste is like a peanut butter cup with a smooth chew texture.  Easy to break into 1 hour portions if your on a grueling day and want to portion this out.  Great protien content and calorie ratio.  This is a real winner
434. the wife broke her left ankle and was booted but was now walking with a limp. This boot helped level her stance out and made it easier to walk, Kudos!!
435. My mother loves these drinks a little too much. It’s becoming a problem. 👀 She has CKD so they’re **very beneficial for her. This order consisted of (24) 8 oz cartons.
436. Very thin plates and very small. Smaller than usual dessert plates. Napkins are also tiny. It did have a nice price point which makes it manageable.
437. So soft! Softer than regular tissues. Material is durable and strong. They absorb nicely and use less tissues than other brands. I like to keep these in every room for my allergies.
438. Bought this in a deal. It’s lightweight and many sound options. Volume doesn’t go as loud as I would like for the kids. Feels very cheap and won’t last long.
439. Nice taste and arrived fast.
440. This is great but I suggest getting on and off a few times and take the average.. also check where it is in the beginning to make sure it is at 0. It is nice for a cheap scale.
441. This multipack is only a little bit more than the price my eye doctor charges for ONE dose.
442. If you are doing tooth gems you MUST get etchen, flowable composite, resin and an LED curing light.
443. Gift for anyone who needs encouragement and hope in these troubling and calculating times.
444. These are really nice maracas. Off to order another pair!
445. Didn't mean to order this, but I'm glad I did. Works as advertised. I like that it folds around my straighter too. Chi approved:)
446. Mine was grey and had small white discoloration in the color on top but not worried about it. Holds plenty of weight and is a good height for a vanity seat. Like that it's versatile as a shower stool.
447. These are so great for your newly potty trained kids...when they can’t quite wipe clean with regular TP.
448. Bought this to help with bruising after surgery and I think it worked a bit but I didn’t use it more than a week or so, and I also used ice so I’m not sure.
449. We use these in our front room as a border for the entryway too keep it separated for our kid.  Cool looking, soft, they look great, and she'll be able to play with them later on.
450. I’ve really neglected my skin during all of this Covid stuff with nearly no skin routine (other than washing), and I feel it’s taken a toll on my brightness, texture and hydration. Meaning, I now look dull, rough and dry—definitely room for improvement.This toner helps slough off the dry skin, but also rejuvenates my new layer of skin hiding underneath. Followed with a good moisturizer, my skin gets a healthy glow. My skin doesn't feel irritated or over-treated. I can’t wait to see how things turn out with continued use. The price and quality are great!
451. I love the brand (and its concept), but this detangler is more of a shine-enhancer -- instead of helping with the gnarly knots my kiddo gets in her fine, curly hair, it just made it feel weird and gunky. I'm not sure if it's the protein used, but it has an odd texture and doesn't leave her hair silky by any means. It smells great and is natural, so that's a plus. Just didn't do the job it suggested by the product name (de-tangler).
452. I am always hoping to find something to curb my appetite.  I did not notice any change while using these.
453. I purchased 4 of these from amazon after I purchased one for our 4 month old at a boutique and our big kids fell in love with them and begged me to get them each one!! We have the pink, purple, tealgreen, tealblue, and the orangeyellow! They are all so cute and feel so good!! Also they work great for cradle cap!
454. XXL is BARELY large enough (I'm 6'7"), but even so, it DOES physically encourage my back and shoulders toward proper alignment.I had concerns about the smell, Vender reached out to me and explained that it WILL dissipate. The dissipation may take longer if it's left in a colder environment (such as my garage in winter).
455. Vegetable glycerin used in food applications is USP grade or over 99% pure and has a sweet taste. Vegetable glycerin metabolizes differently than sugar and is used in low carbohydrate foods for sweetness and moisture. Unlike sugar, glycerin does not contribute to tooth decay.Many household products, including lotions, shampoo, and toothpaste, contain vegetable glycerin. Glycerin is added to these products because it is a humectant; a substance that attracts moisture to the skin. In the cosmetic world, this has two practical applications. First, glycerin leaves your skin hydrated. Glycerin soap, for example, is popular for that very reason. Second, for cosmetic products that deliver an active ingredient, a humectant can increase the solubility of the active ingredient, making it more easily absorbed by the skin.I personally use this glycerin to make my own soap. I love it!I also love the price. I will be buying again and again.
456. Fit fine, hard brush heads.  Kids love them and they are the right size.
457. There's less static than other stuff I've tried (cloth sheets, dryer balls, etc), but there's still a ton of static in my laundry.Not sure if maybe I need two of them. Kinda pricey so I'll have to wait to get another in the future.
458. As advertised. Great price. Easy way to boost fiber intake.
459. I bought several of these to have our crew test them out, and they are indeed the genuine article for a few dollars less than our regular supplier (plus they come in a nice case). Once opened, and unfurled, I couldn't tell them apart from our first batch of authentic bandages.  They are well manufactured, and work exactly as they should in our numerous drills.  When we need more for our trauma & first aid kits, we'll be sure to stock these.
460. I needed affordable cases for my shooting glasses, that were a bit more substantial than the pouches that usually come with the glasses.  They need to survive being tossed around my range bags, gun cabinet, backpacks and cars.  My , , and  fit into the case perfectly.  The don't rattle around inside, and are held firmly in place.  The zipper is easy to open and close, and the whole case feels like quality materials - remarkable, considering the value price of the case.  I'm glad I picked up this case, and will be sure to order a few more for the rest of my protective shooting glasses, and sunglasses.
461. I bought this to store my colored sequins as I am a crafter.  The compartments close well and stay closed till you open them.  Perfect for my use!  And, they would be perfect for medications as the compartments are roomy.
462. It's perfect. I love it,  it's sturdy and very good looking. I had bought a very inexpensive folding cane that was noisy...
463. Works OK, spring seems to stretch out after time.
464. GOOD PRODUCT BUT WRONG PRICE==ONE OF THESE AT WALMART IS 95 CENTS
465. These bars literally make you forget you're eating them for energy.  They taste more like a snack food, but they work wonders.  The variety pack is a great way to try new flavors too.
466. Ok to use with adult supervision in case kids wanted to step on. Fragile cause glass!!!
467. This is great to get that extra blood flow going and definitely more affordable then some of the other brands. If you play sports or engage in high activity I highly recommend this product. I use for weights and jogging. L Arginine is always a good supplement to use.
468. I work nights and sleep days so it is hard to sleep when the sun is up, even with light blocking drapes. I have used silk masks but they feel weird and one size does not fit all comfortably.The eye cups make it easier for the mask to rest on my face comfortably. The adjudtable band is neat! Had a sinus headache the first sleep so i had it loose, made a world of difference. I even took a nap yesterday and just laid it across my eyes and due to the eye cups it didn't fall off, well until I rolled over! LOLGood investment, happy so far!
469. Exactly as advertised.  Easy to use.  Works well.
470. My only wish would be an easy-opening two-level lip.
471. Very impressed with this item well worth the price
472. Great support stockings, will buy again. Great price, fast ship.Thank you.
473. works well on most surfaces !
474. I ended up gifting this. However, the recipient was overjoyed.
475. It's a bit of a mess of cords and such, but it makes the flight box wonderful to use compared to batteries. I don't even use the batteries any more unless I'm mobile. Very nice. Using it lightly for 3 months, no problems or breaks so far.
476. Tangles after a while.
477. works out good for me not quite the one I wanted but it will do.i carry a portable tank of oxygen with me and it fits down in there perty good.
478. After many years on a duty belt my old mask and glove case gave up this replacement was reasonably priced and fit extra gloves and mask without issues
479. Seems to put more of a strain on the Oral B .to move the brushes ,than the factory Brushes.  I think I well go backto the Oral B.
480. iron and washed well
481. They come in a bag and the case, very pleased
482. My bottle arrived without a lid. Pretty unhappy about that because now I can’t carry it with me in my bag due to it possible getting the spray nozzle knocked off or broke or causing it to leak. The product works but I don’t understand how it could be shipped just thrown into a bubble mailer with no lid and nothing to keep it from leaking.
483. increased all my alkalines uses by 50-150%
484. great product, a bit expensive, but works well
485. This sweet little tool serves not only to pick up ferrous objects (up to about three pounds) but also lighting your way as you go. The light has to be turned on by twisting the knurled bands at the tip. There is a sticker on the end that says &#34;magnetic&#34; but I removed that to get more light. The only gripe I have is that the telescoping handle doesn't seem all that sturdy so if you are at the maximum pick up weight do not try to hoist the prodigal part up as if you were hauling tuna onboard. Lifting it straight up would be best.
486. You can tell the difference in quality during the pandemic. Will see if the prices come down when things return to normal. Gotta love supply and demand without morales!
487. Good alternative to sealvac short term freezer storage.
488. Good grease containers for the weekend warrior. Keep it away from heat source prior to use.
489. Good to have for large bandage backups.
490. Good to have for topical minor cuts.
491. Great cleaner for all metal only surfaces!
492. Good product seeing how it is Advanced rather than Complete. Felt like bait and switch but not worth the hassle of returning!
493. Great task lighting with two slightly different settings. Adjustable for most positions next to a chair. hope the replacement bulb is reasonable when necessary.
494. Most sunshine lamps will burn out.  There is an exception, the model sold by Amazon.com known as Lights of America desk lamp.The Lights of America sunshine desk lamp last almost forever.  It is well made.The good thing about Verilux lamps is they are guaranteed for 3 years under warranty.The other brands inexpensive or high cost will eventually burn out.  Maybe in 3 months.  Maybe within 2 years.According to other reviews, and the company itself Verilux will replace their products.So although you may be paying more, it is well worth it.  Avoid the cheap lamps on Ebay or Amazon.com.If you need a floor lamp get the Verilux.
495. A friend let me try this and encouraged me to buy some and try it for some days, which I did. It tasted very good, but the only effect that I am aware of is that I became flushed right after drinking it. This led me to believe that I am allergic to something in the ingredients. No sense putting the adrenals to work on that!
496. Maybe a dozen years ago, a ChiropractorClinical NutritionistKinesiologist in a holistic practice told me she thought that my body needed a metal detox. She sent me to someone who could make a further determinationevaluation about this. I was actually asked to do a Heavy Metal Detox! A key part of this was using Chlorella. I recently had two MRIs where they used Gadolinium as a contrast imaging agent. I shudder at the thought of injecting metal into my body, but the odds were against me with this one. I immediately began a metal detox and this is the Chlorella I used. I had this woman test me for this. She was able to tell me that the Gadolinium did not weaken me and said the Chlorella was something my body wanted (it strengthened my body). She was also pleased of the purity that this product claims. She knows that there have been problems in the past with other companies. So, hopefully, this is a quick undo of a nasty procedure. She also recommended  to me, which has worked well for detoxing in other patients. She said my body wanted this as much as the Chlorella.
497. A friend of mine who worked at a car dealership highly recommended this. He said it's the best, that they used it all the time. I can't argue with him about that! This 12-Pack was a very economical purchase.
498. These Reader Cases are almost impossible to find in stores. They are very well-made, softly lined and durable. They are far from too bulky to carry in your pocket. They are the right size for my half-eye  readers. Even though these are cheap glasses, they need some protection when carrying them around.
499. They don't have alot of peanut butter flavor but, they're tasty. Considering the carb count and the amount of protein, I definitely would buy them again, perhaps the lemon bar flavor. They have a good lemon taste.
500. I liked the concept and I had high hopes. The bubbled side was useless and the bristles side was almost as useless. Very soft on the body so it pretty much glides all around and doesn’t actually scrub, slough, massage or clean. It depends on the person’s needs but the product is definitely not for me. Also, thick creamy body wash like Dove just gets stuck on the bottom of  the grooves and doesn’t suds up nor easily rinse clean. I didn’t try with more liquid body wash.Wish I could return it.
501. Thank You.
502. I have flat eye lashes, I even have a few that are haywire. I even had eyelid surgery to help but still had the problem of eyelashes blocking my vision. This is by far the best product I have found that actually helps. The more you use it the better it trains them. Would highly recommend this!
503. Definitely recommend  !  Absolutely a must have for sore muscles.
504. Good price. Easy to use. Provides a deep clean for my appliances.
505. Nice chair - with all the massage equiptment it is not as plush as I expected, but it's okay. It is a little in the small side so beware.
506. I AM NO LONGER WORKING I.N HOSPITAL BUT I USE IN A FREE CLINIC  FOR HUMANS AND ANIMALS
507. I  LIKE THIS BUT HANDLE NEEDS TO BE 4 INCHES  LONGER ...
508. Can't use, caused burning sensation like nettles.
509. Their orange cream flavor tastes so much better.
510. This scale is perfect-I ordered and received it almost faster than if I purchased at a king size pharmacy or some such....inexpensive with fast delivery-less spent than if l had to drive to purchase-AND- the BEST PART is the product is accurate and well made!! BUY ONE-you will be pleased!
511. Have tried so many things for my heels with improvement.  This stuff?  Just about the best thing ever and works like a charm.  Buy it, you won't regret it.  Highly recommend.
512. Bought this for a good friend of mine.  She loves it. Works much better than she expected and she said it leaves her hair nice a shiny and not stick straight.
513. They're ok. Pleasant smell. My kids think they're fun. However, they are super slow to fizz. They just kind of sit there and dissolve. I'm assuming that's due to the fact that according to the box they're expired.
514. Easy to hold and use. Doesn’t take a lot to get a smooth finish. Easy to use wet or dry. Love that they are labeled.
515. so far i really like it.  the seller sent an email on what to do when the brush arrives and how to care for the brush.  so far no hair has fallen out.  I really like it.  only problem is that the brush is just a little thick to easily use it with the Perfecto  brush standit has been a bit over a week now, and I love the brush.  it is way better than the cheap ones I've had before
516. These glasses are very nice and good quality.  The other Spring Runway set I got were junk but these sunglasses were great.
517. Great nail file.  The &#34;sand&#34; doesn't rub off.  This is good quality.
518. So far, so good.  I have worn this for a few days and have felt an improvement in my left heel where previously I had much pain.  I hope the improvement lasts.
519. I usually order the Vicks puff tissue but I orders the wron one by accident
520. I bought this to add to paint for dying Sola wood flowers. Works great
521. Have used so many stain removers having cats with upset stomachs and one diabetic who &#34;went&#34; everywhere. This works as efficiently as PetZyme, Nature's Miracle and a few others we have tried. We used this on previously soiled areas and for the most part stains were lifted. Laying down damp towels, waiting overnight and all that hassle doesn't work very well for us, so I grade based on an initial application, sit a few minutes and clean up. It does do well. Don't get me wrong, I do recommend this product, as it does work.I think it is important to note that it caused an irritation when I knelt down to clean up multiple spots; though not recognized immediately. Both of my knees showed a reaction the following day and has been hard to clear. This may only be relative to sensitive skin types, but do be careful if you're rolling up your sleeves and diving into a big job. It could be just me, but thought it worth mentioning.Recommended, and has a pleasant smell. Of course, some spots are going to require a repeat visit and nothing, no matter how great it claims to be, is subject to the condition of the spot being treated.
522. Very fast delivery!Strong and durable. At 4 mils not too thin and not too thick. I am using these to organize my many jewelry beads and stones, most of which are still in the mailers. I expect to reduce my storage needs significantly.
523. Very fast delivery!Strong and durable. At 4 mils not too thin and not too thick. I am using these to organize my many jewelry beads and stones, most of which are still in the mailers. I expect to reduce my storage needs significantly.
524. Turns your finger green after a couple of days even if you don't get it wet! Not worth the money OR the hassle of returning it!
525. Horrible!!! Never got it wet and it turned my finger green in 2 days!! Not worth the hassle returning it. I regret having g one on the way for a friend!!! I'm not giving it to her!
526. This is hreat if u have someone who udes a urinal alot and can not empty ot on the own.
527. I have previously reviewed this item from this or some other seller and am reviewing again in specific response to the very negative review by one person who seems to only have account to give negative reviews on this item.  I am a real person with hundreds of Amazon purchases and reviews - reading reviewer profile is important I think.This is my earlier review from item listing on another vendor.The only one I've tried that works well. I have had three in the past. The first split at the point of entry as I tended to push it a bit too hard causing compression at entrypoint. Local vendor advised the problem and next two did not have same point of failure. They last about a year. Soft UR3 material warms up well and ribbed inside enhances the experience.A critical thing it is long enough so one does not lose lubrication out the end - messy and loses the charm of the experience. It also accommodates larger users - it is 7.5 inches long where most others fail fast.It will accommodate girth, others just split out the end after couple uses. There is some difference in the sensation from each end, one being a bit tighter on the point of entry.One description called it a pocket toy. Naaaa. This thing is 7.5 inches by 2.5 inches and weighs about a pound. Walking around with this thing in the pocket would be noticed.Clean up is very easy with warm water and absolute minimal amount of soap. Be sure to rinse well as soap could cause some rash next time it is used. The box includes a small pack of powder (corn starch) that they recommend using after each use or washing. I never used it on previous ones and it lasted well enough. I think the powder is to dry quickly to avoid bacteria and such. I shake well after washing and store in a terry cloth with the flat end pointing downwards. (The end that has two holes). Putting this end up allows water to remain inside and you will see water next time if you store wrong end up.It has a bit of a scented powder smell when you open the box. It is from the scented corn starch. I don't like the smell and would toss out the little package of scented powder and just use corn starch if I wanted to use powder.Not easiest to find though. I hope amazon keeps selling it even with one reviewer chasing after every vendor while having almost no other presence as a reviewer
528. My husband swears that this product plus vitamin b complex works like a banana bag you get from the hospital, when you are suffering from alcoholism. LolI’m not joking .
529. My husband has chronic dry eyes. He loves these wipes; says nothing he has used helps as much.
530. I really like this toothpaste. You only need a little so it last a long time. Seems to be whitening my teeth. I am allergic to SLS and have had no reaction. Wish it was less expensive, but other than that I love it.
531. I have take a different brand for year and though I would try a different brand. This brand to me has an odd taste. I will not buy again
532. Great noise reduction in bulk for a great price; highly recommend them if you are responsible for firing range activities
533. only 90 minutes run time...needed hours
534. Love their unflavored peptides. But this cucumber aloe flavor is absolutely disgusting.
535. These appear to work well, unfortunately I cant communicate well with my local rodents and ask if these really deter them. So far the past month no rodent homes, condos and apartments in my cars.
536. Fits well however these idiots did not use colorfast fabric.  Leaves black marks all over white pillows.  Hard to get stains out.
537. You can go with a smaller one and spend half the day trying to irrigate your ear, or you can get this big one and be done with it already (nice and easy though, don’t bust an eardrum and rinse yer brains).
538. Perfect dryer.  Exactly what I wanted
539. Turn and run away from this brand, total crap, throwing away and going to buy something else. The brush head fits but it is so cheap that it does not vibrate when I try second it does vibrate but the  bristles is very hard.my girlfriend brush  teeth the blood come out  so I don’t think it’s good for her. I need to get soft one for her.
540. I have bought this product 3 times. I was perfectly satisfied with the first two orders, but the most recent (September, 2022) is clearly different. The floss is thinner and shreds easily. It slips from my finger even when wrapped around five times. In a word, the floss is useless.
541.  I got this for my son wo has back problems from old sports injuries. It is very easy to use. The remote is hooked to it. He said it was very easy to use. It is nice quality. He said his back does feel better when he uses it.
542.  I like this all in 1 shaver. I know it says for bald men but it works great on my legs, especially my knees because of the way the heads move all around and get close to the skin. It is also a trimmer, a hair clipper, a face massager, a nose and ear hair trimmer. It has a nice LED screen. It is recgargeable. It is well made and works great.
543. I got these for my daughter who works in a secure building and has to wear  badges and now a mask to work. She loves color and said these are awesome. She said the clip is great to keep the mask adjusted perfectly.
544. This is an absolute perfect gift to give my 19 year old grand daughter. She just loves everything that is bling and sparkly. This si a great size of 7 inches long and will fit perfectly in her purse. There will be no more waiting on her to do her hair because now she can do it in the car on the way since it has a car plug in. It is great that this is dual voltage as it will allow her to travel in the military. It is very light weight and comes with its own carrying bag. It heats up fast and works great on my trial run with it before I give it to her.
545. It's funny because my whole life I have never had cracked or dry feet and I always went barefoot, but for like the last 5 years or so I have tried to always wear something on my feet when I go outside and now my feet are always dry and cracking. Sometimes it is pretty bad and very painful. This foot file just took seconds to use, it does not hurt at all and my feet were alot smoother and softer  when I got done. I really like that this can be used wet or dry. It is very light weight and super easy to use. The buffer is made from a natural ceramic and the handle is a beech wood handle that is very smooth. It does have a hole on the handle and it has a piece of twine so you can hang it when not in use. It is very comfortable to hold while using it on your feet.
546.  A very close personal friend of mine has recently lost a few of her furry kids that she has had for around 15 years. She has been really heart broken and it doesn't help that she has a few more kitties around the same age. She does cat rescue and even though she has several other kitties she takes it very hard when she loses 1 of her beloved pets.She doesn't have any children of her own so her animals are her babies. She also lost her beloved father a few years ago so she has had her share of sadness. So I have been thinking about making her a bracelet that would have  charms to do with cats and dogs and maybe something to do with her dad. Kind of like a remembrance bracelet.This wing charm is perfect to add to my remembrance bracelet.This is the  Flora Mcqueen Personalized Guardian Angel Wing Charm Birthstone Charms Mother Bracelet Charm FMC-2001by AnmaoPROS...---the wing means....gauadian angel---nickel free---stainless steel....so it won't rust---hole size is 4.8 mm to 5 mm---eco friendly---hypoallergenic---comes with a gift bag---fits pandora braceletsCONS...---absolutely noneI received this product to test  for free and I was only asked to give my honest opinion. I did not receive any type of compensation for doing so. All opinions are my own or that of my husband if he helped me to test it. If I have a change of mind after I have tested it longer I will come back and update my review whether good or bad.
547. Everything was fine.
548. Everything was fine.
549. Works very well, love it
550. Looks great. Easy to apply to water bottles.
551. Brush TOO soft. Should be for children only. Brush head must be replaced EVERY month. Not good, not stated on description. Instructions had to be enlarged in order to read them! Merchandise returned.  :(
552. I like to soak my dogs belly bands until I get enough for a load. But though a MUCH OLDER couple of boxes did an excellent job, this new one I got really doesn't do the job.
553. Feels nice and works perfectly
554. Great product use for my bunnys litter box
555. My boys drive their cozy coupe down the hall leaving black marks on the wall. The magic erasers remove the black marks! They are wonderful
556. Blue bags, blue bags.  Whatcha gonna do? Blue bags, blue bags.  Love 'em.
557. I felt very hard to use and plucks hair
558. Cheap product. Not at all what I expected
559. Good quality and good price!  Good for adults and children.
560. Bought three of these for our flight to Italy. They worked great and didn't take up too much space in our carry-ons and were easy to blow up. I did, however, get extra screening at security and they blamed it on the folded up footrest, even though the people I was traveling with also had them and didn't get called out. So who knows?
561. I like that this mask is soft  , has a pocket and isadjustable with neck loop. I folded a Kleenex to get the filter effect, ...maybe No static charge though...
562. WORKS AND YOU DO NOT GET SICK ON THIS.....ONLY IT IS a little too much money......but if you need it . go for it
563. my nails are very thick
564. Traumeel is the BEST homeopathic cream made anywhere.  It speeds up healing of all my bruises, surgical dressings, etc.  I use it to excellent effect - helping with healing after surgeries and injuries.
565. No instructions. Adjustments very limited. Do not appear durable. Uncomfortable. Do not aid in movement.
566. My wife uses it as our white noise machine for sleeping. We hadhave a previous model that is about 15 years old. My better half was afraid that it would die any day now. Knowing that she could not make it through the night without her machine, we had to order a backup...We love it.
567. very unsafe scale... very unsturdy felt as if i was going to fall off of it.
568. Bought these for my husband and he loves them we use them about three times before throwing away.
569. North American Rescue sells top quality products. If you go on their website this bag sells for $100. The reason these are so cheap is that the military is eliminating the ACU and changing to Multi-cam... for a civilian it really does not matter.
570. These are terrific! Great price too!
571. Good file. Much better than most others.
572. Junk! Arrived DOA!
573. I wanted to like because of the price i paid, but it is too harsh to cut the beard. Compares to reddington brand, for example, I won't be able to use it. Returning.
574. The better half started using this oil recently. I still have to see the benefits, but she is happy with the product so far.
575. It works well. I was able to clean my bathroom better compared to other cleaning products.
576. I use zip lock all the time and I like these because they had Texans on them
577. My grandson was very please with this watch.
578. Heal my sore sprained ankle, twisted it Brett bad. Help ice it down well... It's usable.
579. Brush crushed when it arrived.. couldn't use it
580. These didn't help me find the pet urine. Maybe my color blindness is the problem.  The kids love them to play with. My UV lamp helped me much more.
581. Very comfortable and soft
582. A-ok and great price.
583. Works very well. Great value for the money. Very basic, but very inexpensive. Uses standard size batteries, as well.
584. Good as I thought
585. Great for layout.
586. Works well!
587. This bags are very strong and the size is perfect for my large garbage can.  My garbage can is about 30 gallons.
588. Make sure you want this as it is not returnable even though it says it is when you order it
589. I agree with first reviewer. Too thick does not appy easily, tends to stick to plastic tube applicator tip, not metal like muro 128. Very bad product, not well formulated for humans. Would not use on the dog, either.
590. This makes it much easier for me to get my joint supplements into my system. I get so tired of taking pills!
591. Depends on your needs. Mine is falling apart already!
592. &#34;NOTE&#34; due to no fault of my own, Amazon is featuring a photo above similar but a different recliner model other then the one that I actually purchased. The actual recliner that I purchased was by Best Massage MODEL# BM-EC161 Style 1, pictured below in this review.Take it from a husband and wife who sometimes experience real painful Charlie Horses, Stiff Joints, Back Spasms, Swollen Legs & Feet, aches all over... this recliner is beyond our biggest imaginations!!  It doesn't &#34;CURE&#34; our ailments, but it definitely adds much needed comfort and relief..FAST!!Amazon Sharp Review Critics. I'am just sharing my real life personal  experiences with this Full Body Massager without exaggeration, and except NO responsibility, nor make any suggestion that I'am a qualified Upholstery Technician, or Quality Control Expert. I'am merely a Average JOE..My Disclosure is to please contact your Medical Professional(s) if you feel this Massager may be to intense for your Health Issues..But for my wife and I, this is really &#34;AWESOME&#34;...your experience may Vary...Rheumatism's, fatigues bye-bye. Erases away our soreness's, fatigue quietly with several differentremote settings. Knocking, Kneading, Rolling,  Vibration, even warmth of Shiatsu. It completely MELTS away our stresses  almost immediately upon flicking the remote.. QuietExtremely Invigorating rollers from shoulders, back, and Butt..!!I've moan a thousand moans already!!!*Large pressurized leather*Long rolling track reaches neck area, shoulders, upper & lower back, Buttocks and thighs..I've hollered out loud because it's that good!You can go from Light to Extreme, or you can personally preprogram the settings to rotate back and forth between settings.*Strong Pressure Cups envelops and squeezes lower arms, entire lower leg calves & entire foot area with stimulated rolling massager pressure on bottoms of my feet... AH'hhh'hh*Remote has Heat that can radiate from entire back, buttocks and thighs. The heat is tolerable NOT extreme!!*Recliner reclines &#34;Quickly and Quietly&#34; from a vertical position, to a relaxing horizontally position with LED remote.*Affordable Price!! YESI'am a senor but getting up from it, my wife and I  we both feel like two twenty year old freshman college students seconds after using Full Body Zero Gravity Shiatsu Massager Recliner model # BM-EC 161 by &#34;Best Massage&#34;.. it arrived 1132016 and as of today October 17, 2018 it's still going Strong...it serves Our Purposes very well, so your may again vary depending on your particular alignments and your personal comforts..5 Stars ***** for chair appearance, sturdiness, price & it's therapeutic quality...**************************** Therapeutic Friendly...😊YES!!
593. Better than some I have had as far as strength, But the shape and size is not great for mens shoes. Needed to be a bit wider . I think that was my problem not the company's. Better for womens shoes.
594. got since we have cats. I liked that it only needed changed once a year and with just a light bulb. With the litter boxes I was hoping it would help with any smell. One of my cats also has asthma so hoped it would help her. Not sure it has really helped with any of that and have one in each room. I do not like that they added a coupon into each box and said for your purchases you would get this credit. Though it wasnt for each one and only for one yet put one in each box and didnt say for only one on them so didnt like the false advertising included. Wouldnt of bothered to enter all of them if it would of stated that.
595. Very stiff.  No absorbency.
596. As advertised
597. if you have a teen ager, this is way cheaper than acne cream
598. The cutting head broke where the hinge joins the base.
599. Used this to break in some 700HO brushed motors. Worked perfectly!
600. Great product so far so good just bought itMan it gets into deep tissue very effectivelyGo slow the vibration along with the knobyPattern of the hard foam is the real deal the
601. I been looking for one of these for a good price and I came across this one. Study and heavy and really works. There is different heads and the speed is gradually increased so that you won't be hit with a woop quickly. I like the one with the round tip for specific points to focus one. Battery like is good too since I used for about a week without recharging it.
602. Good green stuff. I prefer the tablets instead of powder.
603. It starts off good but then after 2 min it starts hurting alot. It doesnt feel like a massage. It feels like some one is pinchin ur next. It has a warm function doesnt work proparly. One thing i was impress the way it comes packed. Very good on that!!
604. Pretty awful. Purchased during Amazon day. Plates don't seem.to close all the way. Waste of money
605. This is good cleaner, protectant. It doesnt shed and bead water like shower or toilet duck but it doesn’t haze or buildup either.
606. Love my Radha Products-especially this Lemon Essential Oil!!!!  You get a huge 4 ounce bottle with a dropper & it comes in a box-you feel like you are opening a present!  I find many uses for the little box also!  Of course, any new oil goes in my diffuser & this Lemon Oil makes you feel like putting on some music & dancing!  Yes Really!!!  i put a drop in my refrigerator to keep it smelling fresh & also in my wastebaskets. That's why you need the dropper-you don't want to overdo it. Sometimes, I put a drop on my dirty clothes just to keep them fresh-smelling until I get around to washing them.  Also a drop or two in the washing machine.  And a drop in my kitchen drain if It isn't smelling fresh.  Also on my dryer balls.  If you plan on using on you skin-you Have to use a carrier oil to dilute this oil. This is some really pure strong oil. Jojoba oil or one of the many carriers-almond oil, walnut oil, avocado oil. There are many carrier oils. You can add it also to your home-made lotions, etc. or add a drop to store bought lotions.  If you have ever been suckered into buying a 12 ounce bottle of essential oil from one of the multi-level marketing parties, you will be so excited to discover Radha Beauty Products.  These are quality oils. I did receive this one at a reduced cost for an honest opinion but I have tried many Radha Oils & they ROCK!!! Thank You!!!
607. So far,so good.  Regenerix Gold is easy to take & no after effects. No stomach upsets, no rashes, no burping. The capsules are easy for me to swallow. I am hoping for outstanding results! It would be so nice not to be in pain & not have to take pain pills & even over the counter meds.  I just started taking today & will gladly pay the price if these work!!! I did receive these at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. I am so glad I did! I will check back in a week or two with-hopefully-good results. Thank You!
608. I use different sore musclearthritic pain relief creams. A lot of them work-some don't. This cream from Best Naturals works! I have arthritis plus I have sore muscles in my neck. Now I have decided to add back pain to my list. It sucks! I have a lot of trouble falling asleep if I have one of these pains acting up. I decided to try out this Muscle & Joint Pain Relief Cream. It sure helps with my pain! Within a short while, I can actually feel relief. I can fall asleep & stay asleep all night & wake up with no pain. It lasts that long for me. I have learned with all of these creams to wash my hands very well to avoid contact with my eyes. A good tip to know! This cream doesn't burn or irritate my skin. I did receive it at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. Thank You!
609. Over the years, I have tried all sorts of conditioners, creams, serums,  sprays, & everything new that comes out.  I am finished searching for the perfect repair serum. This natural repair serum answers all of my problems. Frizz control & shine is important to me! I  also color my hair so this serum helps with the dryness. My hair looks shiny & healthy. I love to read through the ingredients of natural oils. I actually have heard of the oils! And I have used the oils before. To have these oils all together in one easy to use serum is great! I did receive this at a reduced cost for an honest opinion.  This bottle will last quite a long time & I'll let my friends try it also. Thank You!
610. Forskolin- I've been seeing & hearing a lot about this lately!  Now, I am trying it out!  I like the fact that I only need take 2 daily at the same time.  i tend to forget but I can handle 2 at the same time.  The capsules go down easily & do not have a funny taste or cause heartburn.  I haven't been taking these for long but I seem to have more energy & don't feel the need to snack as much.  I really don't weigh myself so don't know if I've lost any pounds but I seem to be more active and don't just sit around now.  Thanks for an affordable product!
611. These made me so sick. Horrible stomach pains and cramps, it was awful. As soon as I realized it was the vitamins I discontinued use & will be returning for a refund. I have never had a reaction like this before, my stomach is not sensitive. I don’t know what the problem is.
612. This thing is pretty awesome. We have all had times after we have had a few to drink and  we are not sure if we can drive. This will help you determine if you have had too much.  So I can’t post the picks but I tried this sober and it gave me the reading 0.0. And then after a few drinks came up as 0.04%. Comes with 5 blow straws. It gives you a countdown and then you blow into it for 10 seconds
613. This was a test with something I am not real femilure with.  Not a product for me, but I have seen my mom use them before.
614. I love lemon oil. It is my absolute favorite smell. I use it in a oil diffuser and it smells amazing, so fresh and so clean. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
615. I am enjoying my teeth whitening system. I really love the fact that the trays come pre-loaded which is great! No need to measure and hope I put enough in the trays. Happily enjoying my results too. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
616. Works for me. The smell is not overwhelming so I can deal with it. The actual product works great on tired aching muscles. I feel so much better after I use this. It's a little better than what you buy at the stores so it works for me. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
617. Looks good, and they work as expected. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
618. I like the tissues very much. My only issue is that the box designs are a little bit blasé.
619. Loved the idea off having earplugs attached to a cord for easy access but plug come out and won’t go back in. I can’t really notice a huge noise difference between these and regular ear plugs. My voice and the patients is very muffled. I have to take off my gloves after using the Cavitron to hold a conversation.
620. Bought the clay version it doesn’t get that hot and it doesn’t stay hot for more then like 5-10 min. Honestly just fill up a giant sock with rice and tie the end it works better.
621. This is a great supplement for neuropathy. I was experiencing neuropathy symptoms, and after taking this product I've been feeling better. The symptoms are subsiding. I am taking two tablets daily and it works perfect for me. I feel more energetic, I don't get so often the burning and tingling sensation. Also, it is helping me with the pain. I am looking forward for long term results, at the moment it is working for me. I am feeling better.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
622. Living alone it takes quite awhile to get dishwasher full and cheap generic brands are a waste of money.  This does a great job on keeping dishwasher clean without having to almost crawl inside it to freshen up.
623. So far so good.  At first I had a little trouble getting it to know I am a woman so the fat percent was off, but I got that squared away and I love my Fitbit Aria!  The accompanying food and activity log is very useful and easy to work with.
624. I like the size. There is a large handle and a large compartment for collecting the lint.
625. I really wanted to like this toothbrush but honestly I just really didn’t like the way it vibrates. It almost tickles when trying to brush my teeth and is a very different sensation from any other electric toothbrush I’ve had where the head itself spins. I brought it with me for a trip and ended up using it like a regular toothbrush without turning it on because the sensation bothered me that much. Secondarily, even if I did like it it’s kind of a hassle that the charging device does not fit within the case. It would be nice if the case itself would charge the toothbrush (like the way a lot of Bluetooth headphones are set up these days). Granted, it didn’t need to be charged on a daily basis anyway but if you’re going on a long trip it’s annoying that the whole thing isn’t one contained unit.
626. These are great wipes for toddlers. We got them when our toddler started potty training and I was looking for soft and flushable wipes. These work great. We haven't had any issues with rashes, they are soft and fragrance-free. Love that we can get a box of them through subscribe & save. We never run out.
627. This is a great quality brush that I got to make the difficult  job of straightening my daughters hair.  Now it is a little less of a chore for us both. This is easy to use and does a nice job in half the time and alot less fuss from my child. It can be a bit of a problem when she wants to play and not sit to have it taken care of for any length of time. This is a nice way to get her hair done quickly and painlessly so we are both happy. It works so well and does a great job. It gets hot fast which is great no one wants to sit waiting. The handle stays cool so I don't have to worry about my hand burning while I am doing her hair. The controls are easy to use and the directions explained everything thoroughly. The screen is easy to read. Her hair brushed right through and it didn't take long for it to look smoother and straight. This is a great brush that does a good job I am so glad I found it.I was given this brush in exchange for an honest review.
628. I had a facial brush before but I have to admit that this new upgraded one is like a spa day in a box. It is a super 6 in 1 cleansing kit for your body. It has alot of different brush heads and a detachable handle for reaching all the parts while cleaning your body.The facial brush is really neat and very handy it is great for removing those annoying and ugly bumps, pimples, black and whiteheads which is great. I love the make-up sponge to help remove my make up without hurting my face or being harsh and abrasive. It really feels good to use and works really well. It comes with this neat little rolling massager to make me look young and pretty. To help rid me of those little wrinkles that i say i dont have making me look and feel like i just went to a spa. my favorite I must say is the large body brush to help me scrub a dub dub all of my tired parts and make me feel nice and clean.This is great for so many things and I love how easy it is to use. The directions are easy to follow and it even comes with the batteries you need to use it right out of the box.Its great to have and to use. It makes me feel and look great. This is a wonderful brush to get for yourself and to give as a gift. I am so happy with my purchase of this product I am a very happy lady.I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
629. This is an excellent back massager that does a great job. I must admit when i got this I was a bit skeptical at just how well it would work for me. Its oddly shaoed appearance was a but disheartening but i must admit I am totally happy that this odd little shaped back massager does such a great job. It is great for one person who can't reach to reach over and get all those spots you have always wanted and the door frame won't hit. It does a great job and feels great. The tip is soft yet solid silicone. It is light weight and really easy to use. It fits in your hand easy and comfortably and does a great job at rubbing your back. I am so glad I was able to make this purchase.I purchased this product at a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
630. This is a company I like to use for essential oils. I get some really nice products at really nice prices. I have tried alot of other companies but this one has some of the best quality oils I have tried in a long time. I am so glad I did it stay with them it was well worth it.This is one of my favorite essential oils I am so glad I found this company.  This lemon oil is a household staple for us and one of my favorite essential oils. I love the smell of this oil it smells like lemon drops. This one is a good choice for my family. I use it to make my homemade body butters and beard waxes. It mixes nice and doesn't separate after it is mixed. It goes on smoothly and absorbs into the skin very easily. I like using essential oils regularly and this is a great choice for a carrier oil. Good purchase and a nice big bottle.I purchased this product at a reduced price for an honest and unbiased review.
631. This is a great new product I like to use it in my smoothies in the morning to kick start my day with a healthy dose of super good vitamins. It has all the good stuff to fight viruses and boost your immune system. It has a nice fruity taste so it adds to the taste of my smoothies. It mixes well and blend smooth its not clumpy or lumpy other then the taste you can't even tell it's really in there. Its a nice size container for a good price and it comes with a scoop so all you need is one scoop. I really like this product I like the company that makes it. I feel healthier and see improvement in my energy just for the short time I've been taking it hopefully it will continue. I purchased this product for reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review thank you
632. This's a great product to protect your family from harmful pollutants. I am always driving somewhere keeping busy with my family. I wanted to have something to keep the air in my van clean since their are so many pollutants all around. This device is so nice and simple and efficient. You simply plug it into your cigarette lighter and that's it. The air is cleaner and I feel good. My son has asthma and on hot muggy days he can feel it but he doesn't have as many problems with air quality while we are out since we have been using this product.I purchased this product for a reduced price to give an honest and unbaised review
633. This is a really great first aid kit. It has 250 things and that's plenty of things that I need to help take care of my family if an accident happens. No one wants an accident to happen but if one does I have a kit that has everything I need and then some. It's great it's a nice little bag all well organized and put it right where it needs to be with a nice little handle so I can carry everything when I go.I really like this it has a little bit of everything to cover a little bit of everything if it happened. I'm glad I found this kit and was able to purchase one for my family.I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
634. This is a very cute item with a lot of great potential.  The trees are adorable and made very well.  The little clothes pins are so cute and come with one for each tree, so there are no extras in case you lose one.  It comes with burlap string so some assembly is required.  The lettering is good, but not perfect.  The last letter s is coming off on my set, and some of the letters are glued onto the trees a little crooked.  The good thing was that while unpacking the trees, they were in order, so it was easy to assemble the words Merry Christmas quickly and easily.
635. These plastic storage cases are great for storing items that need to be kept dry and dust free.  They work well for masks as well as tissues.  There are little plastic edges on the insides of each case to secure items inside.  The cases are sturdy and hold up well to being in a purse and they are easy to locate with the bright colors.
636. These are good masks.Well made, sturdy. They are comfortable to use. The ear elastic is not too snug, but it holds perfect.They are breathable.They fit perfectly on the face.The did OUR candle test on them and they passed.None of them broke on us.
637. I like this water flosser because is small and perfect for travel. So I have one for home and this one when we are out of town.It has different settings that you can adjust the power.The water reservoir in smaller than others that I have, but that’s the same reason why it’s more comfortable for travel. It does not need too much space on the bag.
638. I ordered this to try for my legs. That’s the only part of my body that I use shavers.It was a nice surprise that it is very easy to use. Comfortable to grab. Does not pull the hairs, it cuts them.My legs were smooth after using it. It did not irritate my skin.Easy on the knees! Weird place to shave!I really like it.I did not feel like my shave lasted more than when using the regular shavers.And it definitely not as sturdy as my husbands. It’s on the middle of a razor and my husband machine. But that’s ok with me. Anyway they don’t last forever.The battery life is very good. And the charging time is short.My legs are smooth and ready for summer!
639. My kids are super picky. It's like they know they are eating something for their health and immediately is "bad", BUT these are great! They love eating them. The flavor is not strong, but enough to be tasteful for them. They have a great consistency and are chewables.They are sugar free and thats really a plus.In times when health is so important this probiotics are the best.Like them!
640. Just what was needed for the bridal dollar dance at my son's and new DIL's wedding.  Arrived quickly.  Good quality for the price.
641. I truly saw no results while taking this.  Not a single thing.  While they are huge capsules, they are smooth and easy to swallow.  The flavor isn't too bad either.  I just wished I actually seen results.
642. I have tried so many sleep masks over the years, and this is in my top ten.  It's comfortable and easy to wear.  The strap is adjustable and it isn't bulky under my head when I'm sleeping on my back.  It washed well in a lingerie bag and hung up to air dry.  The material and foam are both soft against the skin.  I have long lashes and masks usually rub against them and drive me nuts, but this stands far enough away from my eyes that it doesn't bother me.  These work really well for blocking out all light.  A+++
643. I was afraid this would be difficult to work with, but it's flavorless and dissolves well.  It doesn't come with it's own scoop, which is a big downfall in my book.  I have to commandeer scoops from my protein powder containers.  I'm not sure that I've actually seen a difference in my skin since beginning to use it though.  The container is fairly small for the higher price tag on it.
644. The decals are durable with a strong adhesive but no so strong you cant back it off and move things a bit - in case you didn't quite get it on your first round. They re-stick well after reapplication - no worries about the adhesive losing its grip. The vinyl material is softer, thick, and durable - somewhat like a oil-change reminder decal for your windshield.Take your time and have fun with the process.There are no instructions included other than the printed locations of where the decals go. Certainly not a deal breaker. They really are easy enough to figure out like a jigsaw puzzle which makes it kind of fun to apply.I think its a great value and would recommend it.Just a little something to give you a morale boost when you jazz up your CPAP equipment.
645. I prefer this over the regular Vaseline.  It seems lighter, but isn't runny.I use it to remove eye make-up and put it on chapped lips.It doesn't have a scent.  The container is easy to open.  I like the shape of the container.Yes, so I'd buy this over Vaseline.  It seems to be pretty much the same, but seems less sticky and thick.
646. When I was visiting my son and wife, they invited me to watch while they bathed their one month old daughter.  I watched how uncomfortable it was for my daughter-in-law to be kneeling on the floor, awkwardly reaching over the hard rim of the tub to bathe the baby.I remembered seeing these knee and elbow pads for the tub, and found some I liked.  I sent them pics.  They liked the gray ones and the larger ones.  I found this was larger than the ones I'd sent photos of so would give them more space to move around on.They are very happy with this.  My daughter-in-law likes the pockets to store items for the baby, too.  She says she wishes the edges of the elbow pad were padded, too.  That's a thought for this company to consider.  But she really likes this - 5 star.It is washable.  I was so glad to find something they like, and they can use.  This would make for a good baby shower gift that a couple might not think to buy for themselves.  My son and wife hadn't known of these pads.  I wish I'd had something like this when I was bathing my babies.
647. I put this sunscreen on yesterday and liked it.  Features to appreciate about it:* non-greasy* squeezes easily - container is easy to use* applies smoothly - I put it on my arms as I was driving and sun comes in window and makes sun spots on my arm* has pleasant scent - scent reminds me of other popular skin products for tanning but with a fresh note* comes out whitish in color* like the 30 SPF* feels good on* like the size and shape of container - easy to pack and grabSo far am happy with this product.  Will report back as I continue to use it if I have additional comments.
648. Having spent $263 at the podiatrist to clip an ingrown toe nail which was too thick for me to trim, was delighted to be asked to review these toe nail clipper and cuticle trimmers.I used the clipper last night on thick, ingrown toenail and it clipped it easily. Mayo Clinic says to cut ingrown nails straight across.  If you google Mayo Clinic, they tell you how to treat ingrown toenails at home which is very helpful. I am hoping that having these clippers will help to solve the ingrown toenail problem.They have a plastic guard and come in a leather case which zippers to close it and keep the instruments safe so it is good for storing and travel.Am very happy with this set.(review sample provided)
649. My French class was reading a few of the children's stories upon which this film is based.  After watching the film, the consensus was this is a good film, if not great.  Might be better suited for an audience of children than adults.  That is probably for whom it was intended.
650. If you have dry skin, this is a cool and refreshing healing lotion. It has a light pleasant scent and is not greasy. It includes aloe and vitamin e as ingredients. It is an excellent basic skin lotion to combat dryness. Good for dry hands, dry feet and skin in general. We have a wood-burning stove so the air gets dry in the winter, combined with the cold. Love to apply this lotion throughout the day to my hands and feet to keep them soft. The container works well and squirts easily a small amount of lotion at a time. Glad to find this healing lotion.
651. Eternal Clear High Frequency Facial Machine| Skin Therapy Wand w Neon | PortableHandheld High Frequency Facial Wand | with4 Neon Powered Glass Tubes for Skin andScalpMy wife and daughter were very interested in trying a high frequency skin therapy machine.There are quite a few on the market, all ranging from very expensive, to super cheap. However,this one had good reviews and the price was fair. So, they decided to try it. They were veryimpressed with the results.My daughter is an athlete and sometimes her skin will break out. With this machine, she cantarget her break outs, and eliminate them much quicker than with most acne treatments. My wifehas fine lines that she wanted to work on, and this machine definitely made her skin looksmoother than before she used it.They both think that with continuous use, they will see even better results over time. Therefore,based on its performance and its price, this is definitely worth the money. Five stars!
652. Turmeric Curcumin with Black Pepper Extract- 1300mg Serving - 95% Curcuminoids - JointSupport and Inflammation Response –Organic Ingredients - 90 Vegetarian Capsulesby B’Leaf NatureSometimes, it’s difficult to know if turmeric curcumin is actually working. However, with these, Iimmediately knew that they were working because of what I was not feeling, which was stiffnessand joint pain. The recommended dosage is two capsules, which I love because many otherturmeric supplements require three or more. There is no strange aftertaste or staining of myfingers either. But, the thing I love most about these supplements is the price. It’s around $10.00a bottle, and that is amazing, because they do work well. I will continue to buy these as long asthey’re available through Amazon at this price. Five stars
653. Nutro Organic Apple Cider Vinegar Gummies- Immunity & Detox | Vegan-Friendly,Non-GMO, for Digestion and Weight Loss |Apple Flavored | May Boost Immunity &EnergyI really like these ACV gummies. They have a really pleasant taste that is not too sweet or tootart. I love that they don’t stick together, even when the temperature gets a little warmer in thehouse. I’ve found that I actually look forward to taking these everyday.I got these because my nutritionist said they will help aid my digestion, and she was right. I ranout of these for about a week and really noticed a difference when I was not taking them.Therefore, I will continue taking ACV gummies because I know they work for me
654. Pimple Popper Tool Kit - 8 Pcs Blackhead Remover Comedone Extractor Acne Removal Set with Metal Case for Quick and Easy Removal of Pimples, Blackheads, Zit Removing, Forehead, Facial and NoseI got these to use for details on my clay sculptures. These tools work fantastic.
655. Posture Corrector for Men and Women, Adjustable Upper Back Brace with Clavicle Support,Pain Relief from Neck and Shoulder,Breathable Body Straightener FDA ApprovedA little bit difficult to get on at first but it is effective and it does work!
656. I have been using this to make smoothies. Hardly has a taste at all and we love it!
657. These are very cute and very well made socks!
658. I have a lot of pain in my feet and after wearing these I have a lot less pain. These are very comfortable to wear and stay in place. It's like walking on a cloud!!!
659. So I have been taking this for a couple of weeks, and I am not sure if I notice anything or not. It's hard to tell with some supplements. I have have no reactions or side effects from these, so that's a great thing!
660. I love this stuff, so fortunate to have discovered this! I use it in my gravy as a thickener and it works like magic! The flavor is mild and I love that it's organic!! Perfect for my homemade gravy!!
661. This is a hard review, as I can't see any signs that this is or sin't doing what it is touted to do. The flavor is not great, does not taste good or enhance anything. I think this would have to be used long term to be able to give a fair assessment of how well it worked as claimed.
662. While I was blowing this up (by mouth) I noticed it wasn't inflating, then I saw the slit in it. I was able to tape it to where I could inflate it some. Didn't blow it up till right before the party so I had no other choice but to use it.
663. Great product! I'm always looking for good and safe ways to fully wash my fruits and veggies. This comes very nicely packaged and protected. I like that it is a concentrate that you mix so that the original bottle lasts through many, many washings. Washes and rinses well and does not interfere with the taste of the food.
664. I am pleased with this sensitive toothpaste. I have been using it for the past week and it has kept my sensitive teeth feeling good. It has a nice flavor. Not as minty as my previous sensitive toothpaste, but very pleasant and light. It foams nicely without being too foamy. I have not had any pain in my teeth since I began using it. I already used a sensitive toothpaste before this one, however, switching over has not caused me any problems. I like the consistency of the toothpaste. It is a normal toothpaste consistency and is not watery at all.
665. Nice well made sleep masks.  Soft fabric, light as a feather.  Comfortable too.
666. This leather conditioner works so well! I have a lot of nice leather pursesbags. I like to keep my bags conditioned and this does a really nice job of that. It comes with an applications pad. It smells good too.
667. These are nice paper towels, both with looks and function. They're thicker than any I've used, and much more absorbent, too. They have perforations, and they're easy to tear off one, but the paper towels themselves aren't easily torn. I've been quite pleased with them.
668. This powder is super messy and it's incredibly dark in color. It comes with a little scoop, but I've had a hard time getting the powder without getting it on my hands and spilling a little in the process. Using just a spoon to mix it left the feel of it grainy to drink and it especially doesn't mix well that way. Even using a blender, it still has a grainy look to it, but I could at least drink it. It has a super mild taste to it, but I like it as a slight flavor booster to almond milk. I add a tad of stevia for sweetener. It's a little treat, with minimal effort, while still staying on my eating plan.
669. This has worked great at cleaning in our kitchen. My husband likes to cook sausage on our griddle. It tends to spray sausage grease all around. Plus, I do use a generous amount of butter when cooking pancakes for my children. My regular cleaner simply didn't clean it all like I'd like. This degreaser has made it a breeze to clean up, though. The scent of it is a bit strong for me, though not too bad. My husband said it smells like degreaser to him. It can be used  full strength or diluted with water. The set comes with a sprayer bottle and 5 large containers of the degreaser. (One of our bottles leaked during delivery and UPS had to rebox it. We ended up only getting 4 bottles of it.) We've been pleased with it, though.
670. This was my first time trying chlorella powder and it will likely be my last. The smell alone turned my stomach. I tried to drink it, but the flavor is strong. I felt like I was drinking dirty water frogs had been splashing around in. (I'm sure the green color added to that mental picture.) The powder is super powdery, so be careful opening the package. I used an immersion blender to get it mixed up. It seems like a nice product IF you like the taste and scent. I'm unable to bear it, though.
671. This oil has a mild scent to it. It's what I think of as a classic baby smell. I think it's lovely.I don't really use baby oil for my skin(other than for insect repellant), since I don't care for the oiliness it leaves behind, but I like to have it around. It's handy! It's a main ingredient for many "doughssandsslimes", which my children(and myself) like to play with. The scent of it is relaxing. It's also great at removing sticky things, like gum and stickers, and for removing paint from brushes and hands.
672. I think we've used about every wipe there is to use between the 3 of my children(8 months to 5 years). With newborns, Pampers was my choice. I had to change diapers often, and they worked great at working against diaper rash. Admittedly, though, as my children got older, we gravitated toward Huggies wipes. Pampers seems to have different kinds of wipes. There was one kind that seemed so slimy, we couldn't bear to use it, and it seemed that no matter how hard we tried we ended up with that particular one. We keep wipes just about everywhere and use them on our hands, too(particularly during car rides). We prefer Huggies when it comes to hand use.These are great, though, when it comes to backsides! They ARE a little more on the slimy side than Huggies, but these are more durable. With Huggies wipes, they're constantly tearing or we end up pulling out 4 wipes stuck together.These seem to come apart(from each other)much better. You can tug and pull on these and see just how much more durable they are. We generally have better coupons from Pampers, so we usually end up with Pampers wipes. I'll be honest, though, and say that when we have the coupons, we get Huggies wipes. We like them both for different reasons! We ONLY use one of the two, though. From my experience and opinion, just forget generic brands when it comes to wipes.If your little one has a sensitive backside, though, I highly recommend these! These ARE scented, so if that bothers you, there's the unscented sensitive kind, too.
673. Solimo Petroleum Jelly White Petrolatum Skin Protectant soothes and protects skin by creating a protective moisture barrier. Helps provide relief for dry skin and helps protect minor burns, wind burn and chapping
674. Daily dose of probiotics that is the good bacteria that your body needs. Easy to swallow and has no noticeable taste.  Completely vegetarian and loaded with lactobacillus and bifidobacterium probiotic bacteria, this digestive formula will balance intestinal flora and improve health and well being.
675. I love these roller bottles; so much so that I've purchased another set.  I have been using them with my essential oil mixes and they have been fabulous.  I only had one instance where the little roller ball came out but I popped it back in and it has been fine (I've had this happen to me with an expensive brand that I purchased through a distributor).I highly recommend these.
676. This was a gift and she is very happy with it.
677. Light weight easy to use but doesn’t do anything for me. Followed instructions and no curling actually occurs.  I would return it but I lost the batter compartment cover. It wouldn’t stay on. I wouldn’t recommend. Perhaps my lashes are too thick???
678. These are not polarized and very flimsy.
679. This is THE chair pad if you sit longer than 10 min. per day especially using a computer. It's well worth the high price for what you get & how it keeps its original shape & form factor over a long period of time.
680. This comes with one manual breast pump, two ladybug collectors, and a silicone cleaning tool. All of the silicone parts are very high quality and thick, meaning they should last a long time and put up with a lot. Both the pump and the ladybug have methods of standing on their own, either feet or suction pump. The pump has clear volume labels in both oz and ml. The cleaning tool is super robust with a metal center rod and two varying sizes silicone tips. Very happy with this compared to our other bottle and pump cleaning tools.The only complaint my wife has is that the ladybugs are a bit large for those will a smaller bust. So they are pretty apparent on smaller women. Other than that she is very pleased with this setup to catch any leakage and manually pump.
681. My kids love them and, I'm quite sure, well continue to use them into adulthood.  I should  buy stock.
682. This cotton is really wick-ed!
683. You know, I didn't expect miracles, but this is way better than the big orange things I used to get at Walgreens.  I wore them to see Flaming Lips at Bill Graham in SF on Halloween.  At first I though they didn't do much, but my ears were not ringing after the show, so they must have done something.  My major complaint? They're hard to hold onto, which means they're easy to drop and lose forever in a crowded show.  The canister is nice.
684. Rusted after 3 months....not high quality medical grade steal....bummer
685. What a difference! I can't believe anybody has lived at all without one. A little cumbersome sitting down, but great to sue.
686. at the time of this writing it's 50 bucks more here than if you were to order it directly from biobrite, but it's a good product.  I've had it for a couple of months now and it sure beats having to stay still in front of a light for 30 minutes.  I just don't always have the time to do that.  This is great because it allows you to get your SAD light dosage while doing chores around the house or getting ready in the morning.  I wish there was a battery indicator, but you have to guess when to charge it.  The built in timer choices are 15, 30, and 45 minutes, so you don't have to look at the clock to see when you're done.  You can choose the light intensity from 1-5 which is really helpful.  Often first thing in the morning my eyes can't take anything brighter than the 2 setting, but after 5 minutes I can turn it to the 4 setting and be comfortable. You can also adjust the angle of the lighting. The visor is hard and sturdy, but it is super comfortable because it has a plushy band in the parts where it makes contact with your head. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone who suffers from seizures because when the battery needs charging the light starts flickering intensely like a strobe light.  Someone prone to seizures may not be able to turn the light off in time if this happens.
687. Easy to use and program and looks attractive to boot.  I just think it would be more worth the price if you had the option of also plugging in your lamp into the device so that the lamp could turn on at the set time too.  For the same price you can get a sunrise alarm clock that you can use with ANY light and don't have to depend on just this one.
688. For years we have used Redmond bentonite clay to make our homemade toothpaste, but when I came across this tooth powder I thought I'd give it a try. I love it! It makes my mouth feel super clean and healthy.
689. Functions well, well made, good price, and you get two sets.
690. This functions well as daylight alarm. It's best feature is that the LED's arc out over the bed and shine down, as opposed to other models which shine straight out horizontally, which means you have to be on your side facing the lamp when the alarm goes off or else the light won't actually reach your eyes and wake you up. And the head on this lamp swivels, which makes it even better for increasing the chance the light will be pointing at your eyes when the alarm turns the light on. So, of the 3 models of daylight alarms I've tried, this one wins hands down in actually waking me up with the light.BUT: this lamp has the absolute worst user interface imaginable. Zoom in on the control panel in the main picture and look at the controls. Now guess how you turn the alarm on on Sunday night and off on Friday night. Go ahead, guess - I'll wait.Did you figure it out? No, of course you didn't. Because it's completely un-figure-out-able. To turn the alarm on or off, first press and hold the top left button (which, mysteriously, has two overlapping squares) until the border around the top left indicator icon in the display starts flashing, then let go. Then press and release the same button again to make the border around the next indicator icon down start flashing. Then press the second button on the left (which looks like a gear) to make that second icon either start or stop flashing (flashing means the alarm is enabled, not flashing means the alarm is disabled). Then wait 15-30 seconds for your change to take effect. Could you ever possibly have guessed that from looking at the controls? Absolutely not. Why doesn't it just have an &#34;alarm on  off&#34; switch? Seriously. What on earth were they thinking?Want to know what time the light will turn on in the morning (or, more accurately, at what time the light will be at full strength)? Care to guess by looking at the controls  panel? Don't bother. Because YOU CAN'T TELL WHAT TIME THE ALARM'S SET FOR WITHOUT SETTING THE ALARM TIME. Care to guess how to set the alarm time? Don't bother - you will literally never guess.I could go on, but you get my point. I use this every weekday as my alarm, because, at least at the time I bought it (July 2014), it was the only daylight alarm that allowed me to direct the light towards my eyes in the likely event that I'm not lying on my side directly facing the lamp at 6:30 am. But if you buy this, be prepared to read the user manual a few times. And definitely keep the manual next to the light for a month or so until you get used to using the absolute worst user interface ever conceived for an alarm clock. Oh, and be patient. Very patient. Because just turning the alarm on or off, which should happen with the flick of a switch, instead takes at least half a minute.
691. Just broke on me today.  I guess you get what you pay for. Lasted me about 3 months.I'm 6'1&#34; 225.
692. This is not a durable item. The stone is very light and left me surprised how quickly it dissolves.Do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews here. I ignored them and now I’m stuck with a product that’s marginal at best.The maker really needs to reformulate or look for another material that offers consumers a more durable experience.
693. It's kinda pricey, but fun for tracking your weight progress. Currently bummed because the instructions advise that you not use this while pregnant - definitely something to keep in mind. Other than that, it has a nice look and is super convenient for tracking weight alongside your fitbit.
694. Bought this for my grandpa for Father's Day and he won't stop talking about how much he loves it!  We tested it out before delivering it to him, just so we were familiar with how it works in case he calls us with questions later.We were surprised that it came full charged. We thought it was pretty cool that the LED on the front actually displays how much power is left; in our case is clearly said "100%."The bag it comes in is convenient and nice, but I doubt he'll need it much. Since my grandpa's dexterity is limited, we appreciated how easy it is to plug in to charge!  We also appreciate that it comes with another set of blades.I'll be happy to update how well it holds up after my grandpa abuses this one over next three months.
695. I’ve been using the Scrub Daddy sponges for years. Love them. For the kitchen these are even better!  The dual sides makes doing the dishes less of a chore. The holes for the eyes are perfect for holding on to it. The smile makes cleaning cutlery so easy.
696. This thing is amazing. You can use it dry or in the tub with water. It is gentle but does a wonderful job of smoothing heels.
697. This is being sold as the "ultimate dark concentrate" but it's just the dark concentrate.
698. Love it. Really helps with pain and strain.
699. Good price. Focus is better. I like it.
700. Great scent to the deodorant, but this brand was not a good match for my skin type resulting in regular breakouts in my underarms. I don’t normally have sensitive skin & never had issues with deodorant or antiperspirants in the past
701. Bought this for my family. They like it and it is used regularly.
702. I do a lot of computer entry, not sure if that is causing the issue.  I've been to physical therapy numerous times over the years.  So I know which stretching exercises to do.  There are times though, the nerves act up.  Stress is one of them.  Before I put the adhesive on, I try and locate the Kailo around the area I think it might help, which for my shoulder, is partially on my back and then I bring it up a bit on top of the shoulder.  When the area of the skin starts to feel like its getting warmer than the other area of my skin, I know something is happening.  I try to leave it alone for a couple of hours.  Today, I tried it on my leg, since my ankle has been also having some pain.  When I placed it along the side of my leg, again, I felt a bit of warmth happening in the area.  Subtle.  That pain has gone away.  I did leave it on for several hours.I do see a chiropractor, actually have been going to them for 30 years, when required.  If you've been in any type of accident, things start showing up.One note, this is a trial and error, to find the spot.  A couple of times this didn't reduce the pain.  If its too intense, I know I need to call the Chiropractor and take a pain pill or muscle relaxer till I get their.
703. feels very nice.  I did get it a little to large for my hand.  I did think this has two in it, but it was only for one hand. still over all very happy with it.
704. I use it on sunglasses that do not have grip on the nose part. It works just as advertised. Need to bring a few extra pairs during travel since at some point you may need to change them due to sunscreen usage, continuous use with activities.
705. works well with the phillips electric toothbrush.
706. While installing this generally involves finding the right spot in your ducting (especially if you have a humidifier), cutting a hole, and wiring it up, it's easier said than done.  You likely will need a drill, Dremel, andor snips, and most folks don't mess with their ducting much (the video provided by the vendor is a bit misleading, as you generally cannot just drill through drywall to install!).  If you know someone who does, it'll likely be easy for them.  The brightness of the bulbs makes it hard to QC things, as you cannot easily tell they're on without being blinded by severely unhealthy light.  I actually had welders goggles handy, which helped a lot.  The unit does have indicators on the outside, but if you want to verify things while setting it all up, be careful.In the end, it all works.  It was easier to install than a whole home humidifier, but more difficult than many home improvement projects.
707. Very cool add on for a great little camera. Now I can use a variety of filters.
708. Do the job
709. Good value.  The brushes last about 2-3 months each.  Each are individually wrapped.  I will buy these again
710. A big part of my myofunctional practice.
711. It's gigantic and I needed something with a little more precision.
712. Doctor recommended it... I don't like to add stuff to water but  this tastes good... Cherry flavor.. happy I got it..
713. Not just for kids. I love these. won't wipe my ass without them. they are fragrance free and not harsh at all. never have a problem with them flushing.
714. I really like this organic kale powder! It has a subtle taste in my organic protein shakes. I use it every morning along with frozen mixed berries or frozen tropical fruit. I put the powder into a mason jar that makes it easier to get into without getting it all over my hand.
715. I had been looking for this rinsing solution every where but I don't think they sell it in stores. I use this right after I take my contacts out of the hydrogen peroxide solution I use to clean them in.My eye doctor switched me from regular contact solution to the hydrogen peroxide one about a year ago because he noticed regular solution wasn't cleaning them as well for me. But I was terrified of putting something that was once hydrogen peroxide on my eyes.I know that after 6 hours, the hydrogen peroxide has neutralized. I know that in my head. I took organic chemistry. I know the science. Yet, I couldn't make myself put something was once hydrogen peroxide anywhere near my eye. So after I take my contacts out of the cleaning solution in the morning, I rinse them with this. I don't know what else you would use this for because this is not a cleaning solution - it's a rinsing solution. But I love it and I can't see myself using my regular solution without this.
716. Enjoyed the ginseng, goes well with honey
717. Ordered 60 count. Received 30 count. Should have ordered straight from granite supplements...
718. Commodious, and compact but a bit pricy. I knock off a point becuase the inner pocket is difficult to access.
719. Other reviewers on Amazon dissuaded me from buying similar but cheaper models. I am sorry they charge more for the graphite color I preferred over the cheaper white but the differential was not enough to be a deal breaker. Oh, yes, I do like the natural spectrum light these lamps provide.
720. I've tried a few different kinds of bee pollen, and this is the most extremely delicious, compared to the bee pollens. It's nowhere near as sweet as honey, and it does taste very earthy, but this is delicious! If you like any healthy foods, then you'll love this.If you've never tried bee pollen before, or if it's been a while, then you're supposed to start out with just a few grains at a time, and then build yourself up to eating it by the spoonful. But, luckily I've build up a tolerance to it over the years, so I can eat a lot of it. It's great to just eat by the handful, except the granules are small, and a few of them fall to the floor. It's great in protein shakes. Even though they don't fully dissolve, then they naturally sweeten your drink. They're also great on ice cream, too. Basically, these mix well with everything, and they're also great by themselves.YS Eco is an Illinois company, so the closer that you live to Illinois, then the better that you get the &#34;local honey&#34; effect of helping with your allergies. But, I live all the way over in Utah, and this pollen still helps me out a lot with my allergies.I read some horror stories about other bee pollens, and so I've been meticulously checking this for bee parts. I'm pleased to report that this is only bee pollen, and doesn't have any bee parts in it. I highly recommend this.
721.  I really liked how this is a lot more comfortable than most rope. Most rope is really rough on your skin, but this is really soft. It would be much tougher to get rope burn than with most ropes, but it holds really well, too. It's also easy to tie knots with.This is about 32 feet of rope, and so if you're going for some serious partner tying, then you probably need about three skeins to completely tie someone up.The ends are taped, and so they'll eventually fray. If you plan on reusing this rope a lot, then you'll want to burn the ends so they don't fray. It's not ultra-thick, but this also means that it goes a lot farther than thicker rope.This comes in a few different colors, and I like red the best.Pros:+Very soft and comfortable+Perfect for adult restraint fun+Holds fast without injury+Attractive rope and colorsCons:-Only 32 feet (10 meters)*Oomph gave me this rope to review*
722. This does just what it claims to do.  Love it.
723. Like the title says, I stuck them to the back of a pair of boots with worn soles to restore traction.  There was a maximum area for the pad to adhere, and I carefully cleaned and *slightly* roughened the area to maximize its ability to stick.After just a single wear the pads were starting to come off, and after 2 they were completely gone.  While they were cheap, they were a total waste of money.
724. The bottom part of the mask just stays open and is really not keeping your germs in or any other germs out
725. Awful taste, chalky, doesn't dissolve.
726. I was surprised at the comfort it offered. Goes for any shoe.
727. I installed it in my kitchen and when I leave a pile of dishes overnight, the difference in odor is night and day.
728. This is a great idea for which its time has not yet come.I love the concept of letting the device do my vacuuming. I love that it is small. I love that it is relatively quiet. And I love that I can manage it from my phone.But...It doesn't vacuum well. It struggles to redock. The electric fence didn't work.Keep at Hoover, but you aren't there yet. For now, it is just a semi-functional conversation piece.Anthony Trendlanthonytrendl.com
729. Placed this in a low airflow side of my apartment not far from the front door. I can tell it helps to keep the pollen and dust down. I don't have to dust my black glass furniture near as often as before.
730. I love the idea.Unfortunately, that idea really isn't realized here.I purchased these thinking I could replace earplugs for noisy neighbors, but I can easily hear everything and it didn't work out.However, the reason I really don't like this is that it also doesn't work for what it is.The speakers don't stay put, so if you move around at all, you will find that the speakers are no longer on your ears, causing either not enough sound or imbalanced sound.So unless  you're the type of sleeper that lays down and doesn't move an inch for eight hours, these simply don't function for their intended use.
731. Vitamin C is what it is, nothing more to say. I take one in the morning and one in the evening, every day.
732. With the fastening at the front, this wrap is uncomfortable. It's difficult to line up the velcro so perfectly that you don't get scratched.But with the wrap at the back, it's fine. Works very well for what I wanted. It's soft and seems to be a nice quality.
733. Very nice replacements for the shades of two lamps. Shipped promptly and well packed.
734. I use this for keeping dust out of my nose when I change the catbox. I've no idea how effective it is on a scientific level, but it decreases the irritation a lot. I preferred this to disposable masks since I have enough trash as it is.
735. This is a slab of generic foam covered in a nondescript and not particularly comfortable fabric. It is on the short side. So if you are tall like me, it provides no thigh support, like sitting in a chair with a tiny seat bed. The slope keeps your thigh and butt muscles from relaxing because you are at an odd angle. It's going back.I also tried the coccyx cushion from Living Better Tools (http:smile.amazon.comgpproductB00YGC7S1C). It's larger and quite thick. It is contoured to fit your legs and has a nice non-skid rubber backing to hold it in place. It costs a bit more. But it's a much better product, as long as your chair adjusts to accommodate the fact that it is 5&#34; high.That said, body shapes are different. Perhaps you will love this one. I didn't.
736. Found ourselves babysitting a mature cat which had to stay in our tiny bedbath combo.  No matter how frequently I scooped the litter it was bound to accumulate odors, (esp,..."Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you?" Remember Pheobe's song on the TV show Friends?) The litter box was against the wall right in front of where you sit on the toilet.  Yikes.  We keep this de-ordorizer plugged in.  It's all but silent, but you can hear it circulating the air.  I'm here to tell you, I always know when someone has forgotten to plug it back in when they've used the socket this occupies.  It makes a huge difference to our nose.  To us, that means that it's not only working on germs that hit the nose, but also those lurking around which we want nothing to do with!  Germs from potential moldmildew, any escaping septic gases, germs from morning sneezes and so on. If you have a semi-tighter area where you want to have the air cleaned and smell better, this is worth a try. It is assuring to know this technology is working for you.
737. Construction quality, materials similar to most of the other LiPo bags available.  Purchase for part of the storage setup of some 3S lipos.  More or less just one added layer of protection against a lipo incident.  During charging continuous monitoring of the LiPo (internal temp, external temp, charging rateslevels, smell, sight...) is more important than the bag in preventing an ugly situation.If you experience a real catastrophic lipo event this bag might give you enough time to grab whatever fire suppression device you have to deal with the situation. The bag is a bit like airbags and seatbelts in a vehicle.  Hope you never have to rely on device.  But in the event a bad situation occurs, the bag may be the difference between a major or minor loss.  Personally I wouldn't store, charge or use  questionable LiPos.  Dispose properly and invest in a replacement.
738. Only have used this product on my nose, but it works great. Had no problem with the nose hair trimmer. Worked as expected, bought it on sale and thought it was a steal for 10 bucks. Did not pull my nose hair out, it cut it.Honestly, there is not much to say about this product, but it does the trick.Note: Does not come with any batteries.My Amazon Review Criteria:5 Star: I got what I expected from the product and it wasworked better than expected. If you are considering a purchase, buy it. Would buy it again, I highly recommend.4 Star: I got what I expected from the product and that is all. It just works. Still recommend the Item, probably hard to find a better product than this. Would buy again, I highly recommend.3 Star: I got what I expected from the product most of the time. Has a few problems but it can be overlooked. Might buy the product again, but will look for other alternatives as well. I recommend the product, there might be better alternatives.2 Star: I barely got what I expected from the product. Has many problems, product is bad. Would not buy again. I do not recommend buying this product unless there are no other alternatives.1 Star: I never got what I expected from the product. Would not buy the product again, requested a refund or returned the product. (This is very rare for me.) I do not recommend buying this product whatsoever.Note: I did NOT receive any incentive buying or reviewing this product. I want people to find products they like and will use.
739. It's fine, closes securely and doesn't pop open like I feared (and I leave it in my bag while I haul it all over campus, books and laptop hitting it).I initially worried about the pills mixing into each other because it doesn't look like the divider reaches to top of the case, but it wasn't a problem for me. I have fairly small pills but if yours are particularly small I'd do a shake test on it.Unintuitive to clean, it's hard to get into all the corners, but that's inherent in this type of case. I just didn't think about that before I bought it.Black case isn't fully opaque like you'd think it would be, and the + sign is mostly transparent. If you want to hide the contents, not the case for you.
740. This would be great to travel with too, but I wanted a bag to keep the necessary medical items together even at home. I considered getting a generic bag, like a shaving kit zipper case, but I chose the medical logo so it'd be clear what type of things were inside. The straps are a great length to slip the bag on your forearm and transport it wherever. I needed a small zipper bag, that did not say First Aid kit, to carry my blood monitor, pulse oxometer, and a BP cuff. Bingo, I found it!!! I was a bit worried when I opened the bag because it first looked like it'd be too small, but man this little guy is deceiving. I fit all the necessaries in and it's not overstuffed at all. I've already got another one in my cart, in a different color, to carry prescriptions; these days, doctors are saying -- you must bring the actual bottles of prescriptions you take to each appointment; one of them even put up a sign in the waiting room that you will not be seen without your med bottles.  It's another discussion that he thinks old folk either forget things or get them confused, but this bag in blue will be a lot classier than a gallon zip plastic bag that most people use. I like the idea of keeping my drugs hidden--it's nobody's business (in a crowded waiting room) what drugs I take. I could go on but you get the idea; I love this bag. I included three photos to give you an idea of the size. Happy Shopping!
741. Loved the bracelet, the small fit was exactly right for my wrist and looks very pretty
742. Too super long for it to arrive.  I guess because it came directly from China.  The case itself is OK.  Its not a solid hard case.  It has the strength of let's say, a shoe box that has been covered with material.
743. It's a lot by volume.
744. So far this is not working very well for me.  The wrap itself appears well made, is easy to put on and comfortable.  The instructions are awful and it takes a bit of time to figure out how to use it.  Apparently the manufacturerdistributor is aware of this and sent me an email informing me if it didn't work they would replace it.  So the question is what is it supposed to do.  Using the &#34;red&#34; setting for intensity and time and waiting for 15 minutes to warm up I could barely feel any heat, only slight warmth (not very therapeutic) over the course of 30 minutes or so.  Maybe for the price that's about all one should expect.  I'll be shopping for a better one.4118 Update.  After periodic use of the wrap I am changing my rating from two stars to four stars because after use I discovered the heat is adequate, although it could be a little hotter.  The major problem, as noted by others, is the control.  It remains unclear how to keep the wrap in the warmest (Red) mode, and as another reviewer noted you have to keep checking to make sure it hasn't switched to cooler (White or Blue) modes.  I suspect there may be a way to eliminate this problem but with such poor documentation it is impossible so far to keep it working correctly.  In summary, this is a nice well made wrap that attaches to the knee well.  If the cord was longer and the controls worked better this could be a very good wrap for applying heat to the knees.4818 Update.  After continued use I am changing my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  I have found that when tightly wrapped (which is easy to do because of the softness, flexibility and large velcro attachments) using the red setting (hottest) it heats to a very comfortable temperature. The setting controls could be improved or maybe better instructions should have been provided.  This is what I am now doing.  After pressing the large plastic square control button for a second or two, colortemp is selected. I press it when it lights red (this is the hottest setting; it also has two lower ones-white and blue).  After a few minutes the setting changes to a cooler (white or blue) color.  I then re-press the red and it stays at this settingtemp, until I turn it off.  It really works well, provides a very comfortable warm, pleasant temp and fits very well over the knee.area.
745. Not heavy! Works great! Wonderful price!
746. I love these bags. They are perfect size to make a special gift even better. Great quility and the print is bright and fun.
747. This product is great but I was a little upset that the batteries do not work continuously...almost like there is a short in the battery compartment.
748. Orgasmate Katerina Power Automated Retractable and Spin Male Men Masturbator Stroker Cup was definitely an interesting discovery!  The seller is right when he describes the Orgasmate Katerina masturbator simulates sucking, blowing, rubbing, squeezing and stroking actions.  It was very easy to take apart and clean.  You do have to use a lot of lube with this product. My only complaint would have to be with the power button, which does work but it slips into the top of the device.  The item is larger but the motor is quiet.  Overall, I think for some people, this would be an amazing addition to the adult toy box.  I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
749. My baby hated this. I thought it would be easier than a regular toothbrush but it wasn’t
750. I am so sad that this product tastes so nasty.  I don't know what I'm going to do with a whole container of it now.  I really liked the yellow and orange versions of this brand probiotic.  I am trying to shed some of my covid pounds now, so I gave this one a try since it's the 'slimming' one.  I can put it into a smoothie, but to take it straight is so gross.  The whole allure of these probiotic fast dissolve sticks is that they are portable, single portions, individually wrapped, that you can take on its own without water or anything else.  The other two flavors I mentioned taste great!  This one unfortunately, I cannot take on its own due to its taste.  I have no idea if it works as a probiotic since I haven't used it and don't think I will be able to--- the other flavors work well and keep our tummies nice and comfortable.
751. I bought these for my business. As a pure romance consultant I use this for my sample goody bags that I give out. It includes a couple samples, my business card and a couple pieces of candy! I love the different colors they come in and they were just the right size to fit everything in perfectly. They are very durable and the price is great! I definitely recommend buying these! 👍👍👍👍👍
752. This is initial review. Got this 4-5 days back. Was very easy to set up and connect with the network and the tracker. However, getting inconsistent results. To elaborate, did everything right viz. place it on the hard surface, keep it at the same location, weighed myself keeping my feet bare and dry. Weighing myself  3 times at interval of one minute just to check the consistency and getting different results for weight as well as body fat %. It varies by .5 to 1 pound in terms of weight and 1% in terms of body fat. Anyone else experiencing the same?
753. I bought this shoehorn to keep in my car. I have rods implanted in my spine and Parkinson's with neuropathy in both feet so I can't feel my feet nor can I touch them. As such I need help putting my shoes on and its surprising how many times you need to remove your shoes when you are out and about. At home I use a solid one piece shoe horn 32" long which has obvious benefits but you cant exactly carry it around in your pocket.This shoehorn folds down to a reasonable 14 inches and easily fits in a jacket pocket or the back of your pants. It only takes a twist of the wrist to lock or unlock the length and it is sturdy and affordable. This shoehorn works well and I would definitely recommend this to others.
754. Never seen a product dispense Medicine like this. Turn knob and medicine comes out. Besides that, it works !! I use it for back pain, and on the soles of my feet for neuropathy.
755. I'm giving this 4 stars because it smells just what you would expect, fresh baked. Brownies!!! I buy from another vender who is cheaper, 16 oz $20.00 that's whyI didn't give it the fifth star
756. Personally didn't like the smell.
757. Helpful for my parents.
758. Followed directions and takes some time so hoping it worked! Not easy to know if it works for money but will try. Not sure I would buy another unless I feel it does help to seal my granite from smelling!
759. I have to admit, I was a tad skeptical when I bought this product. In my experience a bunch of 5 star reviews can either mean the product is great or horrible. There is no middle ground for me. Well, with this product, it DEFINITELY lives up to the hype! I have had ingrown hairs in the past, along with razor burn and the terrible &#34;after itch&#34; from shaving. This product wipes out all of that!This product does not foam and is more &#34;milky&#34; than &#34;foamy&#34;. A little goes a long way and it left my skin feeling amazing! I use this product every (literally) and it did not irritate my skin or cause me issue!I HIGHLY recommend this product!
760. I've had it for about a week and so far so good, I think. You never know with cats though, you know what I mean? I love kittens but I can't stand adult cats. So finding out that some random cat has been messing with my outdoor plants certainly doesn't help their cause. I thought about buying a zapper mat or motion detector spray but neither is workable for outside, and although I personally hate cats, I'm the only one in my family that feels this way so I thought this would be more humane. It smells like big red gum to me - I'm very happy that it doesn't smell like a bunch of disgusting chemicals - and because it can be used outside and is safe for plants and is supposed to stick around even if it rains, it seemed perfect. Also, I hate the thought of me having to invest any money into cat related crap so this seemed like the most economical choice too. I sprayed it every night the first 3 nights, including one night when it rained, and then I forgot to spray it the next day so it's been every other day since. So far my plants have remained untouched but I have no idea if it's because of the spray or because the stupid cat just hasn't been around to harass my plants yet. If my plants remain untouched after a month, I think I'll be convinced and begrudgingly buy this spray again when I run out.
761. These are OK for people who don't need and arch lift.
762. Good but not great, price was fair.
763. This lite is great.  Like having a new pair of glasses.
764. Perfect replacement.
765. Unfortunately, this mostly just pushes dust around. Very little clings to the brush. I thought after washing it maybe it would be "activated" but still no. I should have returned this when I had the chance. Now I'm stuck with it.Would not recommend.
766. Item arrived exactly as described. This is a high-quality item that is definitely reusable for multiple occasions. I used this as a backdrop along with some other wall decorations.
767. This is the first actual neck pillow I've used. I always wanted to get one for air travel, though I dont travel that often. This pillow is comfortable yet firm, which I like. the memory foam is good. it's a bit thick, though, not sure if that is a good thing or not. I've worn the pillow sitting on the couch and it was comfy but my 15 minute test isn't the same as an hours-long flight from Arizona to Maryland. I have just such a trip planned in the next few months so I'll have to update this review after I've been able to use the pillow for a prolonged time.I do like the fact that the outer cover can be easily removed for washing. the snap is great because I can snap it onto my luggage handle and not worry about it falling off. If I had a choice, I probably would not have picked red, but now that I have it, the red is actually a good thing to have because it stands out. I certainly wouldn't lose this easily or forget it.If you're looking for a firm but comfortable neck pillow, this will do the trick!
768. I bought Rezblock to use in my oil rigs. I do really like using it however I had to knock a star off because if you don't change the water religiously (at least every 2-3 days) then you get mold built up in the water. I was smoking with moldy water for god knows how long until I discovered that. I was a little skeptical to keep using it but anytime I clean my rig and change the water using Rezblock it just dumps the oil out with the water. No more swishing alcohol or other solventscleaners in there to get it clean.
769. We live in sunny and hot Southwest Florida. Having proper eye protection during the day is critical to your long-term eye health.  Not only that but my eyes have changed as I've aged and I need reading glasses to see anything up close.  Finding a way to keep both pairs of glasses close and handy became very important to me.  After seeing a friend wear both pairs of glasses around his neck I realized that his method worked very well.Since you virtually have one or the other pair of eyeglasses on most of the time, there just appears to be one pair hanging from your holders across your upper chest.  Need to put on your sunglasses when going outside?  Just switch from your reading glasses. No more putting your eyeglass cases down and forgetting to take them with you.  No more glasses falling out of your pockets and getting bent or broken when you (or a friend) steps on them.I bought two different pairs to try out, these HOLDIE Classic PU Leather and a new pair of Croakies Premium Leather.  Both are leather, both have adjustable rubber clips to fasten to the bows of the eyeglasses, and both can be adjusted to fit just about any type of eyeglass bow.  These are both versatile because the design of the rubber clips allows you to fasten them to most types of eyeglass bows. The type of holder that has hollow cloth (or rubber) ends lets the glasses slip out of the holders and fall off.  Plastic clips (instead of rubber) tend to break under stress.These HOLDIEs are a &#34;Number One Best Seller&#34; on Amazon with 191 reviews and a 4.3 star average rating.  They are sold in a 3 pack for $12.99 for an average cost of $4.33 per unit.  Each of the three units comes in a different color for matching your outfits: black, dark brown, and light brown.  Nice touch that.  My only concern is that the leather straps (26&#34; long) are flat and made of raw leather.  That can be a problem in hot climates as raw leather (think leather watch bands) can absorb sweat and begin smelling a bit funky.Overall though it's nice to have three different colors and know that they are well-made.  They also have a bead in the center of the strap to allow you to tailor the length to whatever you are comfortable with.  Made in China but well executed.
770. Discounted or free itemis it good or bad?I'll make the providerauthoreither happy or sad...........and sometimes even mad.One of my earliest memories is going with my Father to visit Grandpa.  The reason that I remember those trips so vividly is that Dad would always take an electric drill with us on those visits.  It turned out that the purpose of those visits was to grind down Grandpa's thick toenails.  I was still too young to understand that the human body often provides us with some surprises, but now I've developed a few of those thick toenails myself.  In addition it appears that Grandpa is responsible for my thick nasal hair and fast-growing long hairs that grow both inside my ears and on my ear lobes.  Three cheers for Grandpa!!!Fortunately most of my toenails are normal and don't require extra attention, but up until now it was a real project to keep the affected ones trimmed and under control.  Previously I was somewhat successful using a special set of heavy duty clippers that have long handles for leverage, but the results were often raggedy and unattractive.  So being offered this set of clippers for testing and review was a welcome and timely circumstance.  These BeautyMe Nail & Toenail clippers appear to be extremely well-made and durable.  The handles are long and ergonomic and the blades are curved and extremely sharp.  The vendor describes these as &#34;Premium Quality-Surgical Grade, and I have no reason to doubt them.The combination of the long handles (for leverage), strong spring (for strength), and extremely sharp curved blades makes for an effective and precise set of clippers.  They work like a charm on my thick toenails.  The one caution I will give you is to be extremely careful to avoid having the blades cut your skin when using them.  Toes tend to be very sensitive and bleed quite a bit.NOTE:  If you hit the &#34;MORE&#34; button under &#34;About the Product&#34; on the Amazon product page you will see two erroneous references to their Blackhead Remover Kit.  Perhaps the company should review and change that verbage.
771. Heat, humidity, a blazing sun and salty air create an environment where a great pair of sunglasses are mandatory when enjoying the great outdoors.  Unfortunately most sunglass holders are made of cloth and therefore absorb moisture and turn into wet noodles.  They also start to smell and the color fades.  I bought my first set of Cablz when I saw them on a fishing guide and realized how perfect they were for this environment.  Now all of my family uses them. Couldn't be happier!
772. Who doesn’t love petroleum jelly!? It’s great for a number of things ;) this one works well, doesn’t have any smell which I like and is amazon brand. Great price on here I highly recommend
773. I bought this light to grow basil, I hope I’m successful. The LEDs are brighter than I imagined they would be, and the build quality is very good. The goosenecks stay put when you place them, unlike cheaper ones, and the clamp is more powerful than I had hoped. Also the design of the controls is nice and feels solid, I was surprised that they are backlit. I am happy with this light, hope it lasts!
774. I don't have any kind of beard it is painful to use, when I tried to shave my neck, it was pulling my hair out rather than cutting.
775. My husband really likes these vitamins for what they contain as he is an avid runner and weight lifter.
776. As expected
777. As expected
778. Not very durable but a fun, inexpensive gift for sports fan!
779. very good soft, blocks out light and decreases sound mildly
780. The wife made me do it.
781. The original bearings were steel that rusted. The stainless bearings fit fine and should last a lot longer.
782. This is so bright and cheery and made well !  Even came with ribbon to tie onto our ramp!
783. Bamboo makes the best toothpicks.  These are great.  They're sharp and stay firm when moist.  Economically priced, too.
784. Just what I wantedLove these scissors
785. bought it for my son and he didnt want to tell me that there was something wrong with the charging cord or battery.  I still haven't heard back from the seller
786. Beautiful calendar promptly sent.
787. I got this for my daughter-in-law for her birthday and she loved it.  She and my son really enjoyed themselves even though there was a bit of a wait at the restaurant.  They loved the food.My only disappointment was to find out there was an extra charge because it did not go through like Amazon gift cards do.
788. TriNova Grill Cleaner Spray for BBQ  works great. Just spray and let it still a little while. Then you have to scrub at it a little bit. Makes it a lot easier then just trying to use water with the scrubbing tool!
789. I was very surprised how amazing of a job this product does.  I have tried it on the dirtiest of pipes and some very hard to clean pieces and had great success with any attempt. Instructions were easy to follow and even a friend's pipe that hadn't been cleaned since he got many moons ago was able to come clean with the recommended time (didn't even have to sit for hours like recommended for dirty pipes). I've also found no residual flavor after a simple wash out. This product is very well worth the purchase and now I'm a lifelong customer.
790. Tastes yummy and it's good for you. I'm lactose intolerant so I cannot drink other protein drinks. I'm addicted to caffeine and coffee tasting products
791. Purchased this so that my girlfriend and I could better track our weightprogress as we both work towards getting into better shape. The scale appears to be well constructed, works as intended, and looks great to boot!
792. very healthy, from unpolluted waters (Iceland) with lots of vit A and vit D, and healthy Omega fats. Great as a healthy spread on toast.
793. before you buy fan Australian Bush Flower essence for this kind of a price do shop around.
794. Australian Bush flower essences are standard products of known quality. So there is little i can add about the remedies themselves.However, the amazon distribution company is awesome: even though it's standard shipping the Bush flowers arrive very fast.it's easier to get them here than in Australia!all the products from this distributor are the original, standard Australian Bush Flower essences. It's stock essence, which is more economical since the user must dilute it himself, and lasts for many bottles. In order to dilute you need to buy a little dropper bottle for a few cents in a drug store, and mix a few drops of the product with water and, possibly, Brandy to keep the water fresh.
795. This is getting harder and harder to find in local stores, and is better than liquid version hands down, which has a very strong perfume odor. Hopefully the seller continues to carry it, because it's one of the few color safe bleach products on the market, that is both low in odor and liquid free. It removes stains well. It's perfect for my artificial perfume fragrance allergy family. I've used it for years and it's definitely economical, one box can last two-and-a-half to three months; that's doing at least one load of laundry every day. And also works great as a pre-wash stain remover; just moisten the stain sprinkle on a small amount and scrub.
796. I am heavier and this stool is very sturdy. Problem I found it slides easily on linoleum floors.
797. My wife loves my water flosser (waterpik) but needs something portable for her travels. I looked at a good bit of choices and settled on this. She seems to like it a lot and now she leaves mine alone. 😂😂
798. Kind of bulky, it does the job.
799. Arrived on time. Easy to use. Accurate. A great product. I'm ordering these again.
800. Update (91017): I stopped using these after about 2 additional orders as I did not notice any change in my hair growth or health. I originally rated these 4 stars but had to adjust due to them being ineffective.Original review: I received these vitamins about 5 days ago, so I can't review them on how well they work. I'll come back and do so in about 6 months or so.I was a bit leery in buying these, as I read in another review that they were very hard and that someone actually lost a tooth! I can tell you that I had no problem with them being hard. They were about the same texture as starburst candies.I'm also happy to report that these taste great! They have a small aftertaste that does kind of taste vitaminey, but nothing that would stop me from eating these. My 85 year old father in law found these over the weekend (I hid them because he will forage for candy like none other) and he loved them! My fiance and I went out for the day and we came back to 3 wrappers on the kitchen counter and 3 more were hidden in his robe pocket, lol...ugh.Anyway, I have them very well hidden now and I look forward to healthy glowing skin, stronger nails and longer stronger hair!
801. I bought this for our camper and it has been a good purchase
802. This is an excellent lotion. I put it on my feet last night before bed and woke up this morning with smooth heels.  No other lotion has been as effective.  Getting magnesium without swallowing pills is the icing on the cake.  The product is unscented which means it smells like its component ingredients.  It's not a pretty scent but by no means is it awful either.  It's a clean simple waxy or oily type of scent that I expect will grow on me over time.  I can't imagine ever using anything else to keep my feel smooth and crack-free.
803. I bought this as a gift for my mom, it was at the very least a bit of a pain to put together and cheaply made.  It required electrical tape and a good bit of cursing!  Is now working ok.  The grill is cheap plastic.  It is bright and helps an elderly woman to read better.
804. Does it's job and is easy on and off. Do NOT put in dryer, backing melts and makes it unusable :-(
805. Used to clean outdoor furniture cushions and it did a great job.  Plan to purchase again.
806. Works on my hair beautifully. Only complaint I have is the placement of the buttons. I keep changing the temp every time I use it. The &#34;bristle&#34; area does get very, very HOT, so do not let young ones use this or touch. My hair is naturally straight and this gives it a very sleek and lovely look. Took it on vacation and was able to pack it easily.
807. These were easy to install on the walkers and make them quieter
808. Finally the perfect adjustable mask to fit my face!!!  Everything I have ordered is too big for my face but these actually adjust to fit me!!!!!!  Very soft material and very well made!!  Just went and ordered more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
809. Loved the napkins!!
810. Didn't work like I thought it should.  I'm very sensitive to certain products and this is one of them.
811. Perfect for my kitchen. Keeps those odors away.
812. I didn't like the taste of this at all, and ended up giving it away.
813. I've been buying this for a long time, it does everything it says it will.  It cleans up pet stains, and other stains too!  It takes care of odours well!  I discovered this at a cat show years ago, and loved it right away.  Yes, it's a bit expensive, it also takes very little to do the job.
814. I like the longer length, and I like the snap closure.  I would have prefered the old fashioned ties, but I do not like velcro, so I take whatever I can get.  lol The bibs are not absorbent much at all.  They do protect my clothing!
815. These pill holders a very bright and colorful. It is like starting and ending your day in a lighthearted mood. The compartments are large enough to fit 2 huge potassium pills with room to spare. They are easy to open and very easy to fill. I highly recommend them. Just know that they take up a fair amount of space.
816. This is THE pill case! I have used lots of these things over the years and this one is IT. The rainbow coloring is so cheerful first off. Who wants a boring old pill container when you can have these beautiful colors to look forward to every morning and evening? Not me! Give me a rainbow any day to make popping that fish oil a bit more pleasurable. Speaking of fish oil, this container is HUGE. You can fit a lot of pills in each compartment so you can go to town with your vitamin gobbling without worrying about running out of space. The tops of each pill container pop up nicely with the little levers and the whole thing is like a transformer. You can take off one day, or two, or whatever for traveling and leave the rest at home. Very happy with this purchase.
817. The opening for the headneck is VERY small.  I don't see any way that it would fit any adult.  I put an extender on the velcro so that we can use it and it works fine for catching the hair as it is cut.
818. It does what it says!  Good cleaning action and rinses well.
819. After trying a ton of different metal nail files, these are the only nail files I buy!
820. I wish I'd bought this before buying some smaller cases. I had 2 cases that together cost more than this one. All my oils fit in there and there is still a ton more space. I am very pleased.
821. Sitting for long periods of time in my office caused leg and butt pain. This cushion provides good support and eases the pain. The price definitely gave me pause but the return policy made it worth trying. Glad I did!  Highly recommend!
822. I thought these might be heavy, and that the edges of the rings would be scratch, but neither is the case. It lis well-made and lays very lightly on my neck, nor does it pull down. Hanging, it places my glasses mi-breastbone which is remarkably comfortable for me. I also bought the hearts but haven't worn those yet.
823. Perfect for yarn storage;  project kits or any old thing you might want to store.  Well made, good seams, strong ties.
824. What more can I say?  The bottle is the right size for a comfortable grip, it's made of sufficiently heavy plastic that you can use warm water without concern that the bottle will &#34;melt&#34;;  the opening is angled properly and best of all, it doesn't leak!  Perfect.
825. As expected.
826.  Not worth it at all. It's as if I didn't use anything. Yes it was on taught and tight. No, as you can see it let water in and soaked the  gauze that was covering the stiches that I had to keep dry
827. Have have taken almost 2 months of this product now and there is absolutely no difference in my tinnitus. Save your money.
828. It is ok would not purchase again
829. I have used Dreft Baby Stain remover for years. It is an awesome product and releases stains on baby clothes and adults. I can undeniably recommend this product
830. Perfect for what I needed. Great price as well . I even ordered a second one after receiving the first one . Pill cutter and grinder are very easy to use . And the travel case is perfect for keeping extra meds I may need in my car !
831. The "rabbit" portion was too long for me and the vibration so strong it'd make a jackhammer pleasurable. Not to mention it takes 3 hrs to charge but only lasts 1 hr.
832. hope it works out
833. The case my jewelry from getting Dusty
834. As expected
835. There is no surprise toy. The only toy are the 3 egg toys. It's not actually toys inside of the bath bombs though. Our nephew was extremely let down to find this out.
836. I like these
837. Saw this on insta and immediately bought thru Amazon Prime.(better $) BUT it is terrible > Poor quality>Poor instructions and flimsy cord for charging. It took forever to heat up and I was terrified that it would tangle my hair. I didn't have to worry because it would not wind fully.I returned and treated myself to a curling iron..sometimes old school is still the best!
838. There's a bunch of tiny brushes.
839. I mainly wanted this for PCOS hormonal acne. I started taking progesterone and Metformin in early March, and they both had my face looking like I was a teenager again! It was extremely embarrassing for me since I'm 40 years old! After about a month of taking these, my skin started to improve a LOT. I am still breaking out here and there, but it's only like once or twice a week (if that), compared to every single day.The flavor is this supplement is tolerable. It has a slight tartness at first and then a bite at the end from the pepper. It can burn your throat a little, but I've gotten used to it, so it doesn't bother me.
840. These are so handy to have around, especially if you're really into health and beauty stuff. They are on the thin side when you open them up and remind me of gauze (just a little thicker and more absorbent), but I find they're very useful folded (as is in the container).I use these with my toner or just to blot my face after washing and before adding my serum. I also use them to wrap up open beauty products so that they don't get all dusty or damaged (ie. brushes); in that way, they're best opened up and wrapped around the item.This is a huge pack so if you just use 1-2 a day, like me, it's going to last a good amount of time. These are also good when doing mild chemical peels at home - for applying the peelserum to your face. Much like cotton ballsrounds, these are a must-have for any beauty enthusiast.A discounted sample was provided for evaluation and unbiased review.
841. I'm really surprised at the affordable price of these considering how wonderful they are!! They get out even the toughest stains, don't cause any skin irritation (I have sensitive skin), and smell really good!I have a large capacity washing machine and at most I only need to use two of these per cycle. I love how bright the colors and whites come out. I got this small bag to test them out, but I'll definitely be purchasing a larger quantity when I run out.
842. I am so happy I ordered this pillow; i like the memory foam and I don't sweat using this pillow.
843. Do you have extra energy for the Holidays? Looking to spend that energy in a special way that'll put you on Santa's naughty list? Well look no further than this lovely toy thats great for all levels of enthusiasts!First off, the toy comes in a standard Amazon box. Once you open it up, it's right there, and it's not too discreet. So if you're not living alone, be sure to try to get the mail first when it comes. Granted the packaging on the outside doesn't let others know what may really be inside.Once you've got your toy unwrapped, you're going to want to wash it off first with some warm water to get it heated for some play. Also, it's important to note you'll need to already have some water-based lube on hand as sadly the packaging didn't come with any.Getting your toy ready for some play is as simple as applying a generous amount of lube to both orifices, and then a healthy amount to yourself. What you'll first notice even sticking your fingers inside of this toy is that it is beautifully textured inside. Various bumps, ridges, and ribs will make sure from the first penetration, and to the heavy pumping in, and out will feel amazing in all the right places.After you hit your high note, and you're finished, clean up is as simple as step one. Wash your toy out with warm, soapy water, and leave to air dry. You may even want to put on a bit of corn starch to leave it super fresh, and ready for use the next time you want to have a go at it.Overall for the price point this toy is wonderful for anyone whose curious about owning their own special humping hole for the holidays. Or if you're bold enough, and want a good paper weight on your desk. this lovely eye piece will catch anyones attention as it sits near you. Believe me, you'll want that weight cause it feels great sinking down on you. This'll also make a fun gift for a friend that'll sure to make them blush in front of a crowd too if you're looking to embarrass somebody. I'm looking forward to using this toy quite often, and I'm happy I have it in my own personal collection for when I've got extra energy to burn over the holidays to keep myself busy. Thanks for reading!
844. Great Product!
845. Will make the cutest Halloween items! I’mLooking forwards to using them!
846. I like the sturdiness of these insoles, yes they are very hard and hard to cut, but if you want a firm supportive insole they have to be firm. They give me the best support in ,my foot wear. Yes it took a long time to trim them down to size, but the feel and comfort they provide is worth it. This is not a flabby insole, which would be a waste of money and until I found these, I’ve been wasting lots of money. These insoles are quality made and I will certainly purchase another for my boots, these insoles come all the way to the toe, giving full support
847. I had at once gavin this a 3 star, now I'm giving it a one star, all of my pastries stick to this paper. I just made French Macaroons and they stuck so bad they tore apart, what a waste of time and expense. I bake all the time, now I have to go back and search for the sheets I purchased over a year ago, they worked wonderful, no sticking at all. These sheets even look and feel different, then the other brand. No I don't recommend
848. I love the product
849. Great for screen cleaning.
850. There are times when everyone needs a tissue that’s big enough, strong, soft and conveniently at hand, so keep a box of these Kleenex tissues in your car, on your desk or kitchen counter. Best product to come along in this time of viruses and colds.
851. I like the freshness and that it is already ground, works great in smoothies.
852. It cleaned my shower wonderfully
853. It cleaned my shower wonderfully
854. Didn't even know there was such a thing until my daughter introduced me to this.  Stay so tense and have muscle aches in my shoulders and neck.  It is so bad I can't get my head in a comfortable position to sleep at night.  Decided to purchase and what a difference...It's like going to a massage parlor.  I love it.  Would highly recommend this unit to anyone out there with muscle aches...don't think you would regret it for a minute.  Money was well spent and worth every cent.
855. Look no more red nose! But, no more money for the love of tissues please
856. Meh the ice pack isn’t large enough
857. You blow your nose into it, and throw it away. It's soft, and durable, also great for cleaning your glasses in a pinch.
858. I got a heat laser done to my face, (adult acne)-and on the ride home, I brought BOTH THAT I PURCHASED to my very HOT face & long ride home!Worked so well, I ended up with LESS SWELLING!!!!!!!
859. Works great, keeps items nice and cold.  Just the right size for a big rig!
860. The next day upon  using the grabber it pinched my hand and I received a small cut from that, all told, the price is what attracted me so it didn't sway me. I feel I got what I paid for, no more no less.
861. I am extremely sorry to see the death of the chewable orange Dramamine. I have been using this medication since about four years of age, and found an increasing, continuous need for it when I developed ulcerating Crohn's disease, now spread throughout my digestive system. It has responded well to the chewable 50 mg size, better than to Rx brands. Back to constant N&V. ::sigh:: NOT fun.EDITED to add that the product is again available. Hooray!
862. I like the fact that it has a decent amount of direct skin pain reliever, which I use for the near-unbearable pain of damaged nerves from herpes zoster.
863. This is an easy way to get the B-12 taken, but be very sure you realize that it contains FIFTY THOUSAND PERCENT of the daily suggested need. This could cause a problem.
864. They are quite cute and colorful. They have not been laundered yet. But they seem to be a step up from other products.  They were a gift for my twin grandchildren so I'm sure I will know if they don't hold up. But I anticipate they will do fine after researching others.
865. My system reached over 110 somehow temp sensor might be a little whack but it works and I like the bubbles
866. Easy clean starts helping pain at once.Relaxes muscles more then equate roll on pain reliever
867. Bought these generic cleaning cartridges for the price but will continue to buy them over the brand name items as they work just as well.
868. I like this using this organic peppermint and camphor lotion to massage my shoulders and back! This is my first time trying this product and I'm surprised and satisfied.
869. This ointment really helped to relieve my headachemuscle pain quickly. I mixed it with bay rum alcoholado. This is my 3rd order because it works for me.
870. Love this bay rum alcoholado rub! I will order again.
871. Needed this for my 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens!
872. This keeps me from having to wash my daughter's entire Bentgo every day OR from having to buy several of the entire box... way too expensive and time consuming!  All we do is rinse and wipe the interior of the box, toss the tray into the dishwasher, and pack a new tray for her.  Also useful for prepping several days worth of lunch at once and then you can use plastic wrap or similar to refrigerate until needed.  Then just drop it into the box and go!
873. Mom used this soap and I use it now too. This really works and is Essential for Laundry cleaning.
874. I have M.S. And am recovering from a multiply broken back.  I think I can honestly doubt I would have survived even this well without these to get me through the day when I have to be in a car, at home in bed, after therapy, and sitting for a few minutes in the sun for Vitamin D.
875. As it turned out, I have not used this product yet.  It was suggested that I take it on a vacation but I encountered no blister problems.  However, another person borrowed it and said it helped their foot feel betterl  The blister never did fully develop.
876. Much better than the Kleenex brand.
877. Size is small, and not soft enough
878. Best powder ever!  No longer getting a rash under my chest.  Will always purchase and use especially in hot weather.
879. Great product.  Made my clothes stain free and bright.
880. My favorite tissues!!  I prefer these small cubes to the larger boxes.
881. The mask is great, but I really thought there were going to be 2 masks, hence there being &#34;2pcs&#34; in the title. Whatever though, I'm happy with the purchase!
882. Good source of nutrition
883. I bought these for the guest bathrooms because they look pretty and are not boring square boxes. They work just fine as they are a tissue and they just need to do their job. I bought them for looks
884. I have a dog and live in an area with high pollen - I've had these for 3 years and replaced the bulbs periodically. In my house my allergies are not an issue. I have 3 of these in the areas of the house that are most occupied - living room and bedrooms - The noise doesn't stop me from sleeping - it's white noise - I knew there was an issue when one of them started making louder noises. I replaced the bulb and the noise was gone. These IMO are effective - I also have one at work. I brought these from my town home that had smaller rooms - I'm now in a house with bigger rooms - still seems to work well. My mother bought these to reduce the smell of perm in her shop. It minimizes it.
885. This big set of shoe inserts has everything you need to make any shoe comfortable.  It is very handy.
886. The highest rated digital all moral for mom at her.
887. This stuff cleans and lubricates. Keeps your shaver like new.
888. Arrived with frayed threads and the construction didn't seem very sturdy, I sent it back.
889. I’ve been having a lot of teeth problems and I have a small mouth. The sides of my lips were getting very cracked and A&D First Aid Multipurpose Ointment works better than anything I’ve ever tried. It also helps with dry skin patches or minor scrapes or cuts. It’s very gentle and has been a solution for chapped lips. I put a dab on them at night. The tube is much larger than I expected too! It will last a very long time.
890. I really like these wipes. They're small (I keep a package in my car) and work great to clean up your face or other parts. Not just for kids : )
891. Smells better than bonce
892. Doesn't always give accurate numbers
893. Ive just started using it at the recommended times to help with my bad posture. Already, the posture support has me in correct posture and my neck feels better. The material is great for its purpose, I wear it over whatever shirt Im wearing for the day. Putting it on wasn't a problem for me either.It functions as advertised and arrived quickly. I definitely recommend to my family and friends. This support really helps relieve a lot of the everyday minor aches and pains associated with bad posture due to sitting at a desk, looking at a phone, and all the other habits that lead to bad posture.The price is right for the quality of the product as well, especially with the discount! I don't know how long that will last, but I'd buy the posture corrector at full price if I had to.
894. Excellent purchase.  Arrived as ordered.  Used once to my delight. I will order another for my 2nd bathroom.
895. no instructionswere added to the item.no how or when to use
896. My knee hurts so bad this is only thing that helps really good I buy the 3 pack
897. As Advertised
898. This is my 4th or 5th pair of sleep headphones. Each set has been slightly different.  These are the most comfortable by far.  The padding around the eyes is a perfect addition.  Also the adjustability via the velcro type band is very helpful.  My ears are low set and I have trouble getting a good fit on most headwear or glasses. The system connects easily and sounds fine.  I would prefer a flatter smaller speaker as these can be a little bulky feeling if you lay on them. But at this price point, I still love them.  Battery life is good too!
899. Thin. Wool matted down quickly.
900. These tissues Is my favorite. Are use two or three a day. They’re really soft. And I’ve been using these for years.
901. These are thin and flexible. They clean well and stay clean and odor free. Would buy again.
902. 3.5 Gallon White Bucket & Lid - Durable 90 Mil All Purpose Pail - Food Grade - Contains No BPA Plastic (Pack of 1). Needed one for around the house. It is nice and sturdy. Not to big nor to small for general use.
903. ME CAE BIEN AL ESTOMAGO,Y ME AYUDA CON LOS DOLORES ADEMAS ES BARATO
904. My lab work is good with these
905. Bulky and too thick.
906. This has an awesome taste but what i didn't love was the fact  that although they said on their website it is third party certified, I didn't see the seal on the product itself.
907. Perfect for my bedside comode
908. I ordered this because I have a hip replacement coming up and, after checking out the walkers Medicare would provide for me, decided this is a much better option. While I've only tried it out so far, I am pleased with its appearance and solidity. It is very sturdy and, with the back wheels being further apart than are the front wheels, there is more room for me. Another feature that I really like is that I can pull up on the strap in the middle of the seat and fit it through a narrow bathroom door, while still using it for support. While this is a heavy nylon seat--and not padded--it and the back fit me well and provide solid lumbar support. Someone else looked at it today and was quite impressed. She said they paid over $500 for a walker for her brother that was flimsy, with metal that quickly bent, so that the thing was useless. She plans to get one of these for her mother. The only downside seems to be that the included cupholder can't be put on without loosening a strange-looking screw--we have to find a screwdriver that will fit it. A cane holder is also included. The velcro-attached bag is good sized. If you want to go to the hassle of removing 8 screw--gizmos with large plastic heads (they are easy to do) and lower the arms, it will fit in the included bag.
909. Oh gosh, oh gee, oh my.....my sister was just saying they got her husband a foot massager at one of the membership club stores and that they felt it was a waste of money. This one isn't! Even though I got it at a discount in exchange for a fair, unbiased, honest review, I am amazed by this!  I have never had a foot massage like this.  It has a bunch of functions. Air pressure makes the massage harder or milder (start out low) and there is also a function that gives you the option of high and low levels of heat.  There is also a kneading massage and a shiatsu massage as well as an air pressure massage. And yes, there is a major difference with the shiatsu massage hitting all sorts of areas between and around the areas that the kneading massage hits. There is a timer and an auto function that cycles through other functions, but that does not seem to include the shiatsu massage. This is really, really pink.  It is also very high tech with glowing lights at the front. The first thing I actually noted was how heavy it is. The handle in the top of the box is really helpful! The drawing says the covers in the foot areas are detachable, but I didn't see how to detach them, so suggestions would be welcome...I don't want to wreck my new toy!  Or maybe it will be in another review?  I've had it turned off for 10 minutes now and can still feel a difference in my feet and lower legs.
910. Not used as intended. We used to re-pierce holes that had grown over on the back side of my ear. She was not impressed with the sharpness when used manually but the worst was the reaction by one of my ears. Not sure if it didn't like the material this is made of but that ear has still not healed in 3 weeks. Not infected just still very sore.  .
911. These work great!  I'm allergic to many of the dryer sheets and these don't cause me any problems.
912. Took all stains out off clothes, then other brands
913. Good product,  buy them all the time
914. Great tissues, nice and soft and sturdy
915. This stuff works wonders !
916. I wish it had actually the complete leaves, these are broken down and not recognizable as mint leaves. So it makes me doubt that this is 100% mint. For a 100% mint product I would also expect a stronger taste.
917. I can't do without this product! I use it for my 4 year old son. Great that I can just flush it!
918. This product was okay...it does leave your skin feeling baby soft, definitely recommend it to friends- you still have to use an additional cream afterwards to prevent stubborn ingrowns.
919. Love this Heating pad, very nice size
920. Great size to carry with me
921. Makes granite looks good and very smooth after cleaning.
922. Great tissues
923. Simple to use, no frills but gets the job done. You just need to add 2 AAA batteries. Can't beat the price and the light is bright, magnifier decent, it really helps me to identify if an office is needed.
924. I love the softness of Puffs vs plain old tissues.  Much kinder on the nose, especially if you have allergies or from coming in from the cold.  It is cold here in Maine.  One thing I noticed that I was very happy about was that not one of my boxes were crushed or coming apart.  I was concerned about that.  I would have just glued or taped the box, but it should never come that way.  Shipping is hard on these kinds of things, but the box their in should not crush like and elephant sat on it.  My boxes were totally perfect.  I'm glad because I have them as a subscribe and save.  So I will be watching for crushed boxes, but I don't think I will have any problems and if I do, how often would that be when you buy in bulk.  So I will assess the situation as it comes.  For now, I highly recommend these tissues.
925. I didn't like this at all.  There was no flavor and only bitter residual at the bottom of the shaker.  Yuck !  Cost too much for something like that.So I sent it back.
926. This is the Best in the Market, just wish it were closer to us instead of further away.  Customer service is Excellent, they are very responsive and easy to talk to.  Without this product, I would have lots of aches and pain.  This also works really well if you have stomach problems because of the Ginger used in it, rather than black pepper.  Pineapple is another thing used for absorption of turmeric, but nothing compares to ginger.  I reduced my stomach medicine by half using this turmeric.  Buy with Confidence.
927. I received my diffuser today and it is working.  It is a very nice diffuser.  Seems to work well with my essential oils smell heavenly.  It is a very pretty diffuser.  The bottom feels a little plasticy, but as long as it works.  The lights were as they should and the timer works as it should and the diffuser has two different rates at which to diffuse.  I have mine on the lower one and I have had it running for 2 days.  You can't beat the size.  It does wonders with just 6 drops and it is so Easy to clean.  This Diffuser is prettier than the one I had before that was similar but only diffused 300ml instead of 500ml.  You may think that is minor only 200ml and it may seem it, but if you use yours all the time, there is a big difference.  I definitely recommend this diffuser.
928. I have horrible migraines and I bought this hoping it would help. It, unfortunately, was really uncomfortable for me because my eyes get swollen and sensitive during my migraines. I think it would be good for someone without sensory issues or sensitivity with their eyes.
929. To soon to know if it work for me.
930. Perfect, we need this because the toilet is very low, good product
931. Nice unit, good for facials but not in the shower
932. I hate vinegar(any).  I read it is good for so many things I thought I would give it a try.
933. One piece  is excellent. Foot feels better with it.  Other piece broke on top on firscwt wearing.
934. easy to install and easy to clean...good value
935. GREAT! Holds well and makes a shower possible--injury makes it impossible for me to reach very high and I was able to put this at the correct height for my use.
936. They are comfortable and fit well and good price.
937. I have already (after 4 days use) noticed an improvement in the pain in my thigh.
938. This thing works great!  I used to spend a half hour, or more, doing my feet with manual tools and now it takes just 10 minutes. I have been looking for something like this for several years and I am very happy I found this one.
939. Must have basket for knee scooter. Helps so much
940. Looked great at the tables at my wedding. One of the better prices I saw too.
941. I was really disappointed with these. They smell like mildew, inside and out. One of the gloves I pulled from the box appeared to be burnt as it had some brown matter and a hole near the wrist area. Also, the box itself was marked as size small, but the little barcode sticker that was placed on the package was labeled Large, so I received tiny gloves that were incorrectly labeled and therefore did not fit. Also, the material is super thin and tears easily.
942. They didn’t stay suck on shoes.  Lasted about 5 min
943. Item was delivered quickly and is exactly as described.
944. This product has definitely helped remove some hard water stains from around our sink area.  We have terrible problems with hard water in our area, I am happy if anything works. My husband has been using it around the sink for about a week or so, and the difference is noticeable.  Yay
945. This is the only powder I use in my dishwasher.  Have tried others, but they do not clean as well.
946. Works wonders on the drain.
947. Fabulous on all counts. It lathers very well. That is why I got it. Washcloths don't do well with shower gel and poofs are hard on the skin but this mitt lathers with a little bit of gel and exfoliates like no one's business. Very relaxing and fits my hands well. I had to cinch up the wrist strap to keep it on. It also has a hole on the end for hanging.
948. I do well in it did work pretty well, not sure if I’ll buy again
949. It really looks cute but, it has a strong plastic odor and the entire unit gets very hot only after 4 minutes  which is  a concern . Also the box was torn so, maybe it’s been opened? I am returning this product and sorry that I cannot recommend it .  GREAT !!  Amazon customer  service  keep up the good work!
950. good quality &#34;cheaters&#34;am happy with these & the lenses are very clear!
951. It works well for my husband. I like that your regular toilet seat goes on top and you can lift this seat extension as well. We didn't use the arms even though we put them on at first. They are simple to attach and take off and are adjustable. They hindered my husband as he has movement problems with his Parkinson's so we removed them. I highly recommend this raised toilet seat. It's very well made.
952. I am so disappointed! When I opened the package I saw these cute little purple sachets! I wanted to put them in drawers and in my closet. They are just that, a cute sachet! There is no scent whatsoever. Absolutely none!
953. I bought it because my dad muscle who was not eating well.  He liked drinking them.
954. I am revising this review after 6 months. The words on the top of the covers have mostly worn off, so I have reduced the stars to 4. It isn’t a big issue for me but someone with memory issues may find this problematic. I have also traveled with it now and it travels well... no spilled pills.... original comments are still accurate; At first I thought it was too big and bulky, but then I realized that it really doesn't have a larger footprint than the one I'm using now. But it does hold more pills! And it will be easier to fill, no lids in the way. And there is less chance of spilling. All the containers are secure in the white box. Also the slider lid is more secure than 4 little lids that can pop open. So all that said... Its a great BIG pill organizer and I’m keeping it!
955. Love this stuff!  Gets any baby stain out as long as you spray and let it soak in.  I mean anything...poo, spit up, food etc.
956. Saved my nose from being so sore when I needed it.
957. The foam roller was ordered as a gift for my husband who drives a lot for work and does a lot of work around the house. He used it as soon as it arrived. He loved the instructions that came with it.
958. One of those things that make you say 'why didn't I invent this?' Great solution for those with glasses, especially ones with frames that can't really be adjusted.
959. Peppermint with dark chocolate doesn't get better than this.  As it melts in your mouth, the flavors gets more delicious, but never overwhelming.  Love it.
960. What a great amount of FREE items! Finish is great left my dishes so clean! Gain made my laundry smelling so good! Wisk cleaned my laundry and many other!
961. All stuck together.
962. Simple but attractive.  Tissue paper adds a nice pop of color.
963. Very cute and heavy duty. Great buy!
964. I wish it was faster but I think I can live with this.
965. enjoyed the brush overall. Nice firm bristles like I was looking for. Beautifully long handle. My only "meh" moment the handle part fell out a few times. It doesn't exactly snapclick in precicsely like most plastic ones at the store where you know its locked in place.  It kinda fits organically so depending on how well you have it lined up, how hard you shove and how well your groove is made to line up. I got in there pretty good and it hasn't fallen off again but I feel like it could at anytime with use.
966. I'm a big shopper of silly cheap gadgets and this seemed too good to be true.... but I gotta say it works!! made wiping down and cleaning my microwave much easier after using it!  Would suggest for anyone who's like me and forgets to clean the microwave often and finds an inch thick worth of gunk to clean off
967. This is our third water flosser and it works great until they start to slow down. Not all were this model but they seem t have a limited life. That being said, they are great for dental hygiene and clean better than dental floss or toothpaste in removing all the tiny and sometimes irritating pieces left after eating.A great development is that these do not need to sit in a charger on the counter  They have a cord that can plug into a port or with the adapter into the wall.  Charge it, then take it and hide it away in the drawer to use for weeks before recharging. You do not have to have an unattractive dental tool sitting out in the bathroom.
968. I love this
969. Hairdryer is small and very compact. Good for guest room and my guest live it. Takes up little space and drys fast.
970. Following the directions it was easy to apply and seal up my new granite vanity top was easy !
971. Terrific product at a great price.  Large spray bottle does a great job on all my glasses, including my new titanium carbon glasses.  Received on time and very well packages.
972. This is a must for our granddaughter when she comes to stay the night since she has this at home.
973. If you take about 6-9 pills a day maybe. This is why they give you a thousand pills since you have to take so many for not much relief.  An update to my review. Really don't buy. Really a BAD product. Should not be sold as a laxative. I guess I should have thought since they give you a thousand pills they must take A LOT to work, maybe.
974. the bags are sturdy but the paper was very very thin
975. Very difficult ft tissues
976. This thermometer does not work. Took temperature today and it read 34.6 don’t think that is right at sll
977. I had this bench in my cart for months. I wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the money if it was not good quality. Finally, I ordered it so I could have a place to sit and shave my legs in the shower. It is heavy and of very good quality. Easy and fast to assemble. It is high enough where I don't have to squat to sit. It's perfect.
978. Yes it's a little higher price but it's well worth it! I love this unit and don't know how I lived without it! I would recommend it to anyone
979. They work!  I use as backup while travelling.  Awesome idea.
980. This is a real pretty scale and it works very nicely.  I keep it in my bathroom all the time.
981. The product works great, it fit the oxygen concentrator perfectly and gives moisture to the oxygen so that your nasal passages don't dry out as much.I use distilled water so that mineral deposits aren't made and breathed in or mess with the function of the machine.You unscrew the top off, add distilled water, screw the lid back on.Then you twist on the top small bolt with wings onto the oxygen device and make sure its secure, this will hold the bottle in place.After that attach the tubing to the cone shaped hole on the side of the lid.Oxygen will come in through the top of the cup, down the straw creating a Jacuzzi effect and air leaves the cup through the lid, side cone shaped hole.Hope this helps
982. but here it is on the package: With non-fruiting body extracts, the mycelium is grown on a sterilized grain, usually brown rice. ... If you see a product saying freeze-dried myceliated brown rice, that means you are essentially receiving ground up brown rice with the roots of a mushroom extract mixed in.Mar 28, 2016
983. love it came on time works great and no complaints fantastic
984. The doterra brand is good but buy from them directly.  Don’t buy product from SM International.  Scammers broke the safety seal, injected something else into the tube, and then put the seal back on without sealing.  The product was oozing from everywhere and then won’t take the product back for health reasons?!?
985. I would venture to say that darned few haven't purchased Puffs tissues at least once while shopping at the grocery store or drug store. Puffs with Lotion are about as soft and comforting as tissues get. This post aims more towards the convenience of having them delivered to your door on your schedule rather than having to remember them when shopping. Always nice to have a tissue handy when fighting a cold or the flu.
986. Good quality loofah. Works very well with body washes or bar soap. Does an outstanding job of exfoliating skin in the shower without causing any abrasions or marks. Shipped quickly and securely. No problems at all from placing order to using product. Will buy again when I need them.
987. as adverised
988. Served purpose for which intended--used to hand wash dishes while kitchen being remodeled--without sink.
989. This is an oldie but goodie. Mami would be so happy to see I'm keeping it old school with my beautyhairhygiene products. The turn around delivery was ridiculously quick. Thank you Amazon the shipping on this was INCREDIBLE! YOU GUYS are full of surprises! I was NOT only not expecting this delivery until after the 22nd but it came OVERNIGHT! I'M sooo excited to get started. Thank you Again Amazon this package really made my day! Btw YESSS y'all this product is great to grow and strengthen your locks! It does not disappoint and a little goes a long way!
990. wonderful powder - really keeps you dry.  i use in certain areas where i sweat more such as under breasts.  works great and has very nice smell. I highly recommend
991. never have seen such small pill boxes!
992. I threw them away
993. Received the device a couple of days ago.  Stumbled around a little bit to get the hang of it but it's easy when you know what you are doing.  Purchased this one because of the many positive reviews.  Good choice.  I'm just wearing it now to see how I do normally.  I can't believe I am such a low stepper.  No wonder I've seen a weight gain.  Darn the reality of sitting at a computer all day.  When you can &#34;see&#34; for yourself what you are doing or more importantly NOT doing it really is a motivator.  Grandma was slow but she was old - I hope to reverse some of that old saying.
994. Worked for 1 month now wont charge
995. I put it under my sheets and I hadn’t been sleeping well and I just told my husband I think there’s a lot of energy in the air or something. Because I feel wired.. well the very first time I slept on it I felt the relief…. Now I’m broke in and tell a small mount , however, if I forget to plug it in, I don’t sleep well,very noticeable.. I’m so glad I tried it..
996. Love these
997. Dinky and cheap.
998. I bought this as a foot rest under my desk at work, I was a little disappointed.  It is foam cushion so when I put my feet on it, the foam slowly pushed down and it was no longer rising or bending my ankles like it should have.  I wouldn't have minded it were slow to compress however it was a matter of seconds not minutes so it did no good at all for me as a foot rest.  I wish it would have been less cushion-y and soft but that didn't stop me from getting use out of it.  I put it on my chair and use it as lumbar support.  It works but sadly not for what i really wanted this for.  Its soft, well made, anti slip with grips on the bottom so can't complain too much but its no foot rest.  Sorry :(
999. I admit, I bought these because I couldn't find my normal disposable wipes anywhere. I didn't think I'd be impressed, but in 2020 - you make do. Well, I am so pleasantly surprised with these. Not only are they super soft, but they do the job well. Thanks!
1000. For the price point, it's better than I expected.  Fits great, sturdy enough for the price I paid, and doesn't feel "cheap" to me.  I'm happy and would not hesitate to buy this for others.
