1. You have two types of people buying these bars: The insiders who have a range of expectations from Julian, and newcomers, whose reviews are all over the map. As a long-time client, buying these bars meant no erythritolstevia, no grains, no sugar, and high protein (dairy-free). My gut is somewhat sensitive to Stevia, and actually love that these guys use only Monk Fruit (a relatively scarce no-cal sweetener). One's abilities to make a tasty bar are compromised when adhering to limited ingredient lists. If you prefer other brands, it's likely because their ingredient list differs (more additives). For me personally, Julian uses exactly what I prefer and nothing else. These bars serve an important purpose and taste just fine to me.
2. This could be a great product but the whole instruction book is in i think chinese!!!!
3. This is the only Oximeter I can trust.  I have two others that are not  reliably accurate every time.  This one is, it's fast too. It comes with a carrying case and long lanyard.  Usb  rechargeable is well worth the cost.  I highly recommend this.
4. I like this cover for the Tandem t slim 2 pump. It's a lot less slippery than the pump alone. Has a good opening for the face of the pump. Doesn’t cover up a bunch of the front like some covers do. Very easy to use your pump with it in. The only issue is  I wish it had an opening so that I didn’t have to take it off to change the cartridge.
5. Helpful for my parents.
6. It has been a while since we had these cookies. They arrived intact and the price was great
7. I was really looking forward to this biotin and collagen liquid supplement. However something is wrong with the bottle I received. I noticed a thick clumpy white film in the syringe but regardless I went ahead and tried a dose. It was so disgusting; it tasted like sour milk and made me want to vomit. I’m not sure what happened but something was definitely bad with this batch.
8. These are great glasses especially for the price. Clear at the top of the lens and a designated area for reading enlargement. They are also very stylish.
9. I am always losing my readers or &#34;cheaters&#34; and if I am not losing them, I am scratching them! It makes sense for me to have more than one pair in one place since I don't like wearing bifocals and would rather not pay the expense of several pairs of prescription glasses or the cost of bifocals. Readers are my preference. This 3 pack offers value and style as each pair you get is a different color. I like that option! They come in many strengths obviously, I have one of the lower ones at 1.25+ but they offer much stronger ones as well. This way, I can have a pair on my end table in the livingroom, one in the car for when I go shopping and one in my craft and sewing room for when I work on projects. I am never without eyes now!! The quality seems good and they have spring loaded hinges. One of the best parts that I personally like is that they have plastic, already built in nose pads that are part of the glasses. I used to have readers that had the nose pads that were separate and attached with the teeny tiny screws. The screws would break off or come out and get lost and then the readers were virtually worthless. I like the molded kind much better - no screws and nothing to break. I am well pleased with this variety pack of readers! I received this product for freediscount in exchange for a fair and honest review. All opinions are completely my own and if this review was helpful to you, please hit the &#34;yes&#34; button at the end of the review.
10. Product was exactly as described works perfectly with our amope pedi
11. No pain relief nor warmth . Was a real disappointment, if it was not a bad roll, this product advertising is a complete lie.
12. I carry this case with me everywhere I go. Fits nicely in my purse. Sturdy, the shell is hard but not solid. I chose this one because it held more oils than the rest I found. I love the color. It holds 58 Dram bottles nicely, Even the ones with rollers. I do not think it will hold the 3 ml bottles. I have that size too.
13. I have always had sensitive teeth since I was a kid.  Finding toothpaste that is good for sensitive teeth, tastes good, and cleans well is not always easy.  This time, I think I found a winner!WHAT IS THIS TOOTHPASTE LIKE?This toothpaste is not a white paste more of a paste gel.  It has a really nice mojito flavor that is not sweet but still tastes good at the same time.  There is a flip top on it and the tube is plastic.HOW DOES THIS PERFORM?I have used it for half the tube now and it seems to help with sensitive teeth.  I also feel that it cleans the teeth well too.THE BOTTOM LINEI like this toothpastegel.  It tastes good, is unusual, but seems to work well for my sensitive teeth.MY RATINGFIVE STARS so far.  This is a nice product.  I would probably buy again if it continues to perform well over time.  I have two more tubes to go through.  I will update if anything changes.
14. So our pup is still too chewy to be left alone in the house without being crated. well at night (especially when it is windy), she gets nervous, she is a scaredy cat! So we got this for her, to help drown out the noises that creep up on her. It has helped, and made it a nice calm and not whiny night! Works well, easy to use, good sound.**updates** we went about a month month a half, of nearly 7 hours of cricket sounds every night before we had to re charge for the first time. We did not utilize timer or light, just the noise, but that is pretty darn impressive.Pup is having some back slides in night barking and loneliness in her crate so We are now trying light, and a little louder music, so will see how long battery lasts this time
15. I saw this advertised a lot everywhere and thought I would try it. Turns out after one or two uses, you have to clean and replace the roller part. Total waste of time and money because you have to order extra parts. I don't have the time to wait for that so I would not recommend this product unless you have absolutely terrible calluses that you need to get rid of once. I did not realize that additional product support would be so hard to get since in the past Dr Scholl's brand seems to have been really good. Cheap overpriced product not worth the hassle.
16. I'm rating based on the fact they do work. However these are not the wraps I received. I've used the pictured wraps from the description before. They are more of a waxy texture and are blue and worked great.The wraps I got are very clear just like the crest strips.
17. I like taking Ashwagandha as I find it helps me focus more on my workouts. Not that it gives more more energy but I just feel like I can finish all my sets without get board? Overall pleased with this Ashwagandha supplement. I take every day and it has not cause any stomach issues.
18. So during this pandemic, I thought about how I can improve the safety for both myself and my clients. I work as a Massage Therapist and I am in a room with different clients for a few hours several times a week. I came upon this idea and purchased 2 of them. One for home and one for work. My clients appreciate the extra precaution and care that I am taking. Now whether it completely helps with virus - not sure but it does help with cleaning the air and that makes me feel better. It certainly can't hurt or make things any worse, especially if you are in a small space, like I am.
19. It does what it suppose to,  but I needed to cut down my calcium intake - found other one without calcium.
20. Loved this Waterpik but only lasted 4 months then just stopped working. Very disappointed.
21. Good grease containers for the weekend warrior. Keep it away from heat source prior to use.
22. This is just an average hydration supplement in my eyes. First of it comes at 160 calories for one serving, which I think is rather high. Most energy workout boosters come at like 50 calories or less but this one has quite a bit of sugar in it. It does have a good amount of electrolytes so that is nice, you can basically make your own quick version of Gatorade of sorts. Again a lot of calories though. The electrolytes are mostly sodium and potassium, both important for muscle function and many other functions inside the human body.I tend to dilute it more than instructed since it is pretty sweet. The taste is not bad but among the energy boosters I have tried this is not my favorite, it is ok. I have had no negative reactions to this but didn't really feel any energy boosting effects from this at all since they do claim some energy boosting effects calling it an energy blend.All in all this is just ok. You do get a massive amount for the $20 though so you can make a lot of home made "Gatorade" with this really. I won't reorder this though.
23. great heavy duty knife.
24. These are super heavy and thick. The grosgrain ribbon is a really ugly brown color in relation to the gold letters and the stark white bag. Also, you need to insert ribbon handles into holes yourself. The tips of handles are reinforced with plastic so it apppears they won’t slip out. I wish the manufacturer would have just assembled everything. The bottom of the bag also is reinforced. All the folds are super clean.
25. I really like these blue light blocking reading glasses.  They are very well constructed and not cheap looking like some other readers I've reviewed.  The colors on the frame are very pretty and these glasses fit my narrow face nicely without sliding or hurting my narrow nose bridge.  The lenses are very clear with no warping and magnify very well. These come with a cleaning cloth and hard shell case.
26. I have very thick course hair and not only did this straighten my hair perfectly and it added shine. I did use a heat protectant. The brush side allowed me to straighten at the root and while it did get bone straight it did not straighten as well as other side.  But I love the brush side, Love the rotating cord. It’s just perfect!
27. I do a lot of cooking and have a commercial grade stove. This cleaned up my greasy spatter in a heartbeat. You can use it full strength for really bad messes or diluted half and half with water for everyday cleaning.  The even include a spray bottle and a squeeze top for the big bottles so that it is easier to pour.
28. Had one of these as a teenager my kids use them when they were growing up. Turned my roommate in the service on to then because we slept in the noisy barracks next to the day room. The better than a fan in the winter months inconvenient for traveling which is why I bought this one. If there is reliable as the ones in the past you're good for another 20 years.
29. 5 stars for product quality, 1 star for packaging.The top part of the cap, that flips open and closed, was broken into multiple pieces, with the hinge part missing and only a little plastic left to seal the hole. Thank goodness the bottle is sealed under the cap, or everything would've spilled out. Without the proper cap, I can't travel with this as planned. I'm very disappointed. It came in a bubble wrap envelope.
30. I’m glad they redesigned the motor onoff switch. The motor works great, now I hope it lasts.
31. Delicious
32. I found this at CVS while on vacation with a very sick 1 and 6 year old. I was on an island with very limited choices. I didn't want to slather my children in Vicks, so I thought I would give this a shot. I used it exclusively on their feet. After applying I put socks on them. The coughing almost disappeared. It was amazing! We had almost a whole night of sleeping without coughing. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. The smell was not overbearing like Vicks.
33. I used these candles as a baby shower  favor. They are larger than I thought and nicely and lightly scented. I purchased a variety of colors. The candles are made in China, however, not the US.
34. My grandma used Biz forever. When I found it on Amazon, I thought, why not give a try. The results were unparalleled.I use it all the time.
35. I can’t believe they worked! I was at my wits end with drain flies ....., Which has only become an issue in my area in the past 2 year’s and I have tried everything.... For sure buying again
36. love there are various shaped containers that I use for holding specialty flourbaking goods and homemade pasta.the lids are very tight and holds liquids in without no leaking; although that said the lids are hard to peel off and hence use for solid goods.With all plastic, you need to be careful to throw away of any white cracks.  Otherwise,  solid product from Amazon.
37. Meh.. I have a respiratory disease and this mask is no more or less breathable than the rest.. the plus side is it won’t fall off
38. great little kit only thing i wish was different was the key ring to open the tops is plastic which i wish was metal to be more sturdy.
39. Small and convenient, this is the ideal travel shaver.  It shaves cleanly,  quick to recharge, and easy to clean.  Convenient for travel as well as home use.
40. High quality and super nice feel! Works perfectly
41. Wish it was a little thicker. Otherwise it will do the job.
42. Ok wish I would have ordered a prebiotic with a probiotic
43. This product was recommended by a friend who had major heart surgery.  My husband had been on a blood thinner and bruised easily - he is no longer bruising.  Articles recommend magnesium for every over 60.  We are so glad we are taking chelated magnesium!
44. Their battery, they hold a good charge and power what they need to.
45. I love this stuff. It really helps get the smells out, even better than vinegar.
46. Very nice replacements for the shades of two lamps. Shipped promptly and well packed.
47. This is a very nice roll on stick with hemp oil and lavender. It smells beautiful of lavender. It is a very nice lavender scent, much nicer actually than some of the diffuser oils I have found, very smooth and just plain beautiful.The oil feels great on the skin and I had no negative reactions to it. I enjoy applying it before I go to sleep because I enjoy the scent because I feel it is calming.When I got mine in the mail it did leak and there was a good amount in the bubble wrap that it was wrapped in. Seems this is a common problem so I hope they fix it since it is a shame that this product gets wasted like that!
48. I got a heat laser done to my face, (adult acne)-and on the ride home, I brought BOTH THAT I PURCHASED to my very HOT face & long ride home!Worked so well, I ended up with LESS SWELLING!!!!!!!
49. Great quality. looks just as pictured. A little uncomfortable at first but easily get use to it. Easy to clean.
50. This product arrived on time and in excellent condition and it works very well.
51. I think this is the best bath Brush I've ever owned!!!!!!!! I love it!!!!!!!!!!!
52. I use Readers and they are always smudged. Nice and Clean are the only wipes that will clean my glasses fast and easy without leaving a greasy mess. Just wipe and their clean.
53. Moms using it.
54. kinda cheap quality and overpriced
55. Overall, the toothbrush is the winner in this combo.  The water flosser is not like our other WaterPik, but that would be because our WaterPik is corded allowing for maximum power.  The toothbrush is a little noisy, but it gets the job done.  I really wish these could be recharged with either micro-USB or even USB-C.  This package would be a great stepping stone for someone looking to get into powered dental care before buying the expensive brushes and water flossers that are out on the market.  Water flossers are not for everyone, but this one could be a good starting point to see if you like that method of flossing.
56. Does what it supposed to!  Needs some reapplying now and then but that's ok.  Highly recommend.
57. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.  You get 4 pairs in this pack.
58. Needed to replace the arm rest on the scooter....this was a perfect match and fit.
59. This product is a great idea. It works pretty well, although it doesn't always register when I drink and keeps flashing. Doesn't work at all with a straw. Still, it reminds me to hydrate and I really need that. My only real complaint is that it is worth about $5, not the $25+ that I paid for it. I hate that it is the only thing I could find that does this job. The manufacturerseller should be ashamed for charging so much for a very basic gadget. If you can, wait until someone with ethics makes something that does the job that this product does.
60. Works fine as advertised.
61. I have been using this to make smoothies. Hardly has a taste at all and we love it!
62. Works wonderful on sore tired feet
63. Neither this kit nor the Belly Buster kit have any snacks at all.  SO that's a major price increase. Same "price" but you're getting 25% less. The other kits have 5 breakfasts, 5 lunches, 5 snacks and 5 dinners.
64. This was bought for Easter Baskets since I had to do all my shopping online due to COVID-19.  Well, I suppose I didn't HAVE to, but I did choose to.  There was very little options for basket grass, and at least this was pretty cheap, but it left bits of pink EVERYWHERE and was a huge mess.  I threw it away the second the baskets were rolled out, and won't be buying it again.  But Easter was saved.  So 2 stars.
65. These scalp massagers are amazing for deshedding short hair dogs. We use them for our French Bulldogs.
66. Klip Pro's Electric Callus Remover has more power than most rechargeable units. I felt this removed dry skin quicker and more effectively than other tools I've used in the past and I've tried quite a few. The callus remover is also ergonomically designed so it fits comfortably in your hand while using it. This is not for people with poor blood circulation or diabetes. This also comes with good safety information.~The Rebecca ReviewI received one free unit for review purposes.
67. Work just the way I wanted
68. These are good dish gloves! These aren't lined like my other pair. I like that when the water is really hot I don't really feel it through the gloves. The package has a few ideas on other ways to use these and I used a sharpie to write what I use for what so I don't confuse them. The large is a little too baggy for me so I would have gone for a medium. These are great gloves, I recommend them.
69. I have very mixed feeling about this curling iron. On the one hand, its pretty inexpensive and its does produce lovely curls that last for days, on the other hand....1. there is no temperature control, its either on or off2. its gets REALLY REALLY REALLY hot3. it gets so hot that it really isnt good for my hair type4. i've burned myself with it twice now, one time pretty badly through the heat resistance glove.5. there is no stand to put in down on and since it gets so hot I don't want to put it on my counter top, so its a little awkward to useI've missed the return window and like I said it DOES curl my hair well, but I don't think I can really recommend it to anyone else in good conscious.
70. Dinky and cheap.
71. I just wish they would stop this one size fits all stuff. I like that you can put it from one hand on the other which is great since this way you can get one if you only have occasional pain in one hand or the other. It fits quite well and works well too providing support and pain relief.The biggest problem, it is quite snug and I wish it was a bit bigger. Not everyone's wrist is the same size and the strap that wraps around the wrist either needs to be longer or they need to have different sizes. Other than that this is great.
72. I will be buying these again!  They are a wonderful price, came quickly and don't expire until 2017!
73. I buy these every year for my Halloween parties.  They’re waterproof and easy to evenly apply.  They sit in a galvanized bucket of ice and water all night and stick tight.  Cute.
74. I got this one as a Christmas gift for my husband (he asked for it). He really likes and enjoys it, but had said that he wished charge would last longer.
75. This vanilla essential oil smells so good. It came in a 100 ml bottle, which will last a long time. The vanilla scent is just as it should be...vanilla and not perfume. I am very happy with this oil and plan on ordering from this company, again!!
76. It was a perfect fit for my oximeter
77. Perfect for me as it can be easily adjusted and provides a great light source for close work. Easy on the eyes for extended computer work also. Stable base make it well balanced. However, you can still move it if necessary without much effort. Base fits under my sofa so I can get it nice and close to my work area.
78. Had high hopes, but made my silent acid reflux worse.  I am continually congested and have stuff in my throat, was hoping this product may have helped clear it, but no such luck.  May work for other ailments, thats why I gave it 3 stars, but no luck for silent acid refluxLPR.
79. This isn't an instant fix as the pictures would suggest, but if you use it regularly it will show a marked improvement over a few weeks.
80. Honestly the best thing to clean tubs with!
81. I like the lamps but the bases don't hold in the lamps well & the bulbs blow in days.  I would buy again but be prepared to put them together and purchase extra bulbs. I make sure to turn them off at night because if the quality.
82. I rarely give 1 stars.. I Loved this thing but after 5 uses it died.. Won't turn on. No idea what happened. When it did work I loved it. - Even purchased one for a family member (before it's sudden death)
83. Great for coconut oil. No leakage or issues
84. Have been getting this for all friends and relatives since 2009.After a week or two, you sleep better and have more stamina, if you know what that means.After a couple of months, your skin feels smoother and you start looking younger, weird as it is.No signs of withdrawal, if you decide not to use them.They work even better with the device over your toes, but those are inconvenient for me and these are a lot more powerful
85. We use this for a dog's very complicated medication regimen.  Makes it easy when two of us are involved in dosing and we know exactly what's been given and what needs to be given.  Convenient to set out a whole week's pills at one time.  No evidence of moisture, so it seems to be moisture-proof as advertised.
86. I’ve been using it for 5 years. It works
87. Soap did not perform as expected and did not last as long as soaps used in relation to size. Scent was mild and not aromatic as I was hoping it to be.
88. Most compression socks are plain hose or black. These are just plain fun as well as fashionable. I get many complements.
89. Evaluated these versus a blend from Dr. Jockers and the blend Digest Gold.  This one wins.  Been using it for about a year now, very happy.  Note that if one has issues with fat digestion or dairy digestion, you may well have to augment with another enzyme blend (such as Lypo Gold for fat digestion).For a broad-spectrum enzyme blend, this is perfect.
90. They do their job. Gosh they are difficult to keep track of when doing laundry. I lost three of them on my first use. I am certain they figured out where all the odd socks were hiding and decided to keep them company. I found two in my husband's t-shirt drawer. One was in the dog toy basket. They randomly turn up when I least expect it. Overall, they are okay, but the larger ones are easier to find in a wad of laundry. The noise is there, but the trade off for smaller laundry balls is they aren't as loud as the bigger ones.I did notice that when I washed the dog blanket, the laundry balls were wrapped in dog hair. Gross, but at least it wasn't still in my washing machine.
91. This is our third water flosser and it works great until they start to slow down. Not all were this model but they seem t have a limited life. That being said, they are great for dental hygiene and clean better than dental floss or toothpaste in removing all the tiny and sometimes irritating pieces left after eating.A great development is that these do not need to sit in a charger on the counter  They have a cord that can plug into a port or with the adapter into the wall.  Charge it, then take it and hide it away in the drawer to use for weeks before recharging. You do not have to have an unattractive dental tool sitting out in the bathroom.
92. I like this product.  Low Sugar low Carbs.  Good for low carb diet
93. Great to deal with a great product!
94. Looks like a real person. This hot chick does my dishes, laundry and house cleaning for free and does a great job at it. I no longer let her do the cooking because last time I let her cook she cooked she got to close to the flame and pop!!!! So I called 911 and they saved my little lady.
95. Great for rolling  toes that point  and blister.  Separates the toes eliminating  pain when running  and walking. Really  helps the ball of the foot and decreases  callus
96. Works as advertised
97. This is not a super strong probiotic in comparison with some brands. But if this is just added to your daily routine as a backup, it is more than adequate.While it is nearly impossible to pinpoint or single out bodily benefits from one supplement, I can say these were reasonably easy to get down (I have trouble swallowing pills, so take them with food). I did not notice any heartburn or taste kickback from these either.The only beefs were that the fresh date was only five months out, and that Amazon put their sticker over the ingredients listamounts.Seems to be a quality supplement.
98. This works so well and the hairs are preserved well without being crumbled. I'm  saving the nose hairs to make custom false lashes to sell on Etsy.
99. No Santo Remedio. It didn’t work and everything smelled like it. Very strong smell.
100. Assembly was easy.  The stool itself is well-padded but not very sturdy.  The hydraulic mechanism used to raise and lower the stool jams frequently.  My niece and nephews love to spin around on it, so it does make an excellent children's toy.  Not that great of a place for adults to sit, however.  I do not recommend this stool.
101. My first Wen product and I see a big improvement in my hair! It smells great and leaves hair manageable and looking full and healthy. I will definitely be a return customer. My hair dresser sees a difference. He says his customers that use Wen have longer lasting color.
102. This is a sturdy little bag that you can open & close many times
103. I used these in a pair of "Uggs by Quoddy" moccasins.  4 stars only because there's no adhesive material included here (best bet is to use some rubber cement).  Otherwise, quality replacement insoles that will make your Uggs feel like new again.
104. You won’t know “Who done it?” until the last chapter.  Written in British country dialect. Great bedtime read.
105. Arrived with a leak in the bottle
106. Rolls easily and well cushioned.  No issues.
107. Awesome! It's like pop rocks. Taste great and really works. I keep in purse, in car, in desk...
108. This is a rechargeable face sprayer that is easily used. You put your water in. Then you charge via the USB charging cord. Charging two hours will give you approximately 1000 PPB that will do wonders for your skin.
109. These do not fit on the size of heels indicated. They are too narrow, even on my skinny stelettos. I tried several times to get them on before finally giving up.
110. Good size, and comfortable. However, suction cups dont hold well to tub or tiles even after wetting them before attempting to apply to flat surface.
111. Unfortunately these aren't thick enough for my arches so they don't touch the floor or shoe sole when I wear them thus offering no support. I noticed zero difference too with the plantar fasciitis. They also rubbed terribly on the tops of my feet with or without socks & by the end of my shift I could not wait to take them off. I also noticed my "bad knee" was worse that day too. Could be unrelated but thought it was worth mentioning. I would definitely not reorder & I'd only recommend if your arches aren't that high
112. I had a two pack a while ago from this brand which they now have discontinued. These are a great buy and work just as well as authentic parts from spectra, motif and Ameda. I have no complaints what so ever.
113. I like them but the frames are a little too Thick for me...
114. I don't even have babies anymore, but I will always use this as our go-to stain remover. Works great!
115. I've been a fan of fisetin + quercetin supplementation.As advertised.
116. Product was as described
117. Tastes good and  works great!  Love it
118. I go through a lot of lip balms and Pez flavored lip balms are my favorite.  I love the flavors and consistency of Pez lip balms and best of all I don’t have to reapply as often as other brands. My lips feel softer and more moisturized. I really love them!
119. It's the standard for a reason, but boy do they know it.
120. This is actually and a pleasant taste.  My teeth felt super smooth and appeared whiter.  I have only used it for a week,but I really like it.  I have sensitive teeth and usually use a toothpaste designed for sensitive teeth.  So far my teeth do not hurt after not using a sensitive toothpaste.However, I think the price is high for my budget, but it is not a unusual price in the broad market of toothpaste.Recommend
121. Ruby wrapping paper is the best!  I love the weight and folding ability of Ruby paper!  The colors are beautiful!
122. Wow so cheaply made and small, it will not trim your cat or dog it does not work on either I tried all it does is pull a few hairs out.
123. It’s surprising what you learn when you take this test! Who knew a lot of what I don’t like I am intolerant to- new excuse!!
124. I have horrible migraines and I bought this hoping it would help. It, unfortunately, was really uncomfortable for me because my eyes get swollen and sensitive during my migraines. I think it would be good for someone without sensory issues or sensitivity with their eyes.
125. I just needed a replacement part for my broken trimmer and the image and description of this product matched. But the item I recieved was not the same as marketed. It is a brand called Kemel, it is a trimmer that I thought I might as well keep because it seemed to be more expensive than what I payed for. But as I opened the box I quickly realized it was used, with hair trimming still on it. Not only that but the charger cannot even be used in American outlets. This thing is being returned immediately!
126. Bought this for a good friend of mine.  She loves it. Works much better than she expected and she said it leaves her hair nice a shiny and not stick straight.
127. These really work! We have very hard water, and even after cleaning the toilet with muriatic acid, there was still a ring. These pumice stones solved the problem.
128. These are nicely done compostable bags. The material is thick enough to deal with an acceptable load (e.g., full, but not overstuffed full) without breaking. They are sized fine for a 13 gallon container. It would have been nice to have an extra inch or so of length for an even better fit, but as-is I'm finding them to fit without any significant issue provided they are placed carefully when initially put into the can.If you were to compare these to conventional plastic bags with regard to strength, ability to stretch and puncture resistance, these would clearly come up short. But they are not plastic bags, they are compostable bags. On that basis, they are very well done, with enough strength to be useful but still retain the ability to break down.They come on a single roll with perforations between each bag. I've not had any problems tearing off the bags without damaging them. There are no ties, either provided separately or built into the top of the bag. Again, that's not a con since these are compostable rather than traditional bags.Very helpful to have when dealing with compostable material or even run-of-the-mill trash.  Well worth considering if you need a compostable bag in a larger size.
129. Rejuvenated our 3 year old granite, which I have been neglecting for a while. Used a sealer product after cleaning, and followed up with the Rock Doctor Granite Polish, and the shine returned to our counters for the most part. While not a miracle product by any means, the counters look a 100 times better than they did beforehand.
130. This Safe 'n Easy All Green Cleaner Countertops may have been good but I got an almost empty bottle. The bottle leaked and it is just a mess inside the plastic bag. I was able to read that it could cause severe burns if it gets on the skin, so I will not be opening the plastic bag.The bottle has instructions and if it hadn't leaked I would be able to read it. The bottle does have a sprayer included in the package. I am disappointed that I was unable to use this cleaner.I will not be recommending this Safe 'n Easy All Green Cleaner Countertops to family and friends.
131. I went to sri lanka... I used it everyday there... I LOVE this stuff... smells great! ... and I didn't get bit a single time :)
132. Works just as expected! Perfect size and very cute!
133. I purchased this seat cushion for a friend of mine who does a lot of sitting throughout the day for work. She has gotten much relief so I am very grateful for this product.
134. It was fully charged yet the music stopped working. I believe the buttons were getting stuck. So I returned it
135. My husband really likes these glasses. He has a pair at work, at home, and in each of our cars so he's always prepared!
136. My husband has issues with a rotators cuff. The pain is widespread. I love being able to put large pads in four spots and getting to all the pain at once. He loves it too!
137. Been using this for a while now in my smoothies with my vitamix blender. Delicious! Best way to eat them greens
138. Commodious, and compact but a bit pricy. I knock off a point becuase the inner pocket is difficult to access.
139. So far, I have seen a couple of strands spaced fairly apart on areas where I had lost all of my hair, which is good news. The bad news is that I also spotted some hair that grew about 34 of an inch below my eyes a spot where I never had hair before ? This is a minor inconvenience when it comes to shaving in the morning. This product does make your hair grow, but it works best where there is already some hair. I was hoping it would cover up my bald-spot, but other than a few new stray hairs, this hasn't happened. Not that it wont happen some time in the future. I only had this product for about 3 weeks, so I think I will give it another 3 months or so. In any case this is the best hair product I have tried so far.
140. First time ordering this brand and I will be ordering more! Wonderful (and accurate) smell!
141. So far i have used it about 6 times and it has given me great results. I bought this no discounts no anything free like most others in these reviews most of these days. Usually it takes me about and hour and a half to do my entire head i have a lot. With this it cuts down to about 30 minutes or so. It heats up in about 3-5 minutes and it can get very hot depending on what you want.
142. Toilet Cleaning
143. I carry these in my full tactical aid kit, the one in the cargo area of my vehicle. They are well made, solid and durable. I’d definitely recommend them for anyone fitting out a large first aid kit. They’re too big for compact personal aid kits, so be mindful of the space in your kit. Recommended.
144. Works well except in a very large pill (12 - 14mm.)
145. I have been looking for storage for my make up brushes. I've been keeping them in some cardboard desk organizer boxes, so this is a huge improvement!  The acrylic is quite thick. I have other acrylic make up organizers and not all of them are this thick. The wells are deep enough that make up brushes won't fall out. I once ordered an acrylic organizer geared toward brush storage, but the compartments were so shallow, that my brushes wouldn't stand up in it. I ended up using it for something else instead of storing my brushes. I'm not sure what I will use the smaller well for. It looks like it was designed to hold business cards. I'm sure I'll come up with something! I am very pleased with the quality of this organizer. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't hold all of my brushes! Or maybe I just have too many!*I received this for free in exchange for my honest & unbiased review. My thoughts & opinions are my own.
146. It's hard finding insoles for large feet, so these are great. I replaced the thin insoles that came with my New Balance sneakers and put these instead. The insoles are neither too stiff nor too soft and I don't notice them anymore when I walk or hike - they are that comfortable. Overall I'm satisfied with them. Note that they don't have any cutting guides on the flip side if you want to trim them, so that would be my only critique about these.
147. My kids and I take this for fibromyalgia (along with a protocol). It has given us back our lives.
148. These travel packs only contain collagen from one source - bovine and they are very pricey.  As of this review 7 travel packs of 10 grams each costs nearly $20.00.  I don't think the convenience of having 10 grams of collagen in a pack is worth all the extra money.  I have reviewed a lot of collagen products and the latest one I've reviewed only costs $24.95 for 324 grams.  And it contains collagen from 5 different sources. The ELAINE collagen only contains bovine collagen.  All that said, it mixes in with my hot coffee completely and I couldn't even tell that it was there.  It's totally flavorless and did not clump at all.
149. I use this with Aussie’s detangling milk and it makes my curls well formed and defined and it is touchable.
150. I bought one of these to use as a gris-gris bag. It's a fantastic and well-made little pouch; the leather is soft and wearing very well, and the antler button stays put and opens easily. It has a good energy about it, too, and has been excellent to work with. I'm quite happy with the purchase and am hoping for an excuse to give one as a gift in the future.
151. It works well for my husband. I like that your regular toilet seat goes on top and you can lift this seat extension as well. We didn't use the arms even though we put them on at first. They are simple to attach and take off and are adjustable. They hindered my husband as he has movement problems with his Parkinson's so we removed them. I highly recommend this raised toilet seat. It's very well made.
152. Everyone in the family likes this blend a lot. But it's not what I consider a ice cream shop smell. My husband and I agreed we would describe it as a muted watermelon jolly rancher mixed with a sweet strawberry cream. It's pretty strong too. 5 out of 5 stars on the throw. If you're into the fruit blends, this one is definitely trying recommend.
153. Love these. Only complaint is there aren’t enough “max” band aids according to the toddler.
154. I love this corn and callus shaver ... very easy to use and does the job well.  My feet haven't been this pain free in a long time.
155. This stuff is GREAT. I get cramps in a wide range of muscle groups; around my ribs, in my back and neck, hands, feet, legs, and even running clear up into my backside. It stops my extreme muscle cramps within minutes.  Thank heaven!!  Finally, some relief!
156. It arrived fast and I must say not going only the pair are easy to use they are beautiful. Great price too.
157. Horribly overpriced!!
158. These are a lot higher than I had hoped.  In order to get them to stay on they have to be above the cups.....if they had a longer attachment they would fit me properly.  They are ok.
159. Hated these
160. This is a must for our granddaughter when she comes to stay the night since she has this at home.
161. was what we wanted
162. All the goodies of bone marrow without cooking it myself!  So good for your cartilage health, especially if you run, Amy high impact activities.  Easy to take, and no after taste.  I tried another supplement from this brand, and I am impressed with their quality, that I am taking this to improve my joints.
163. Work great for dry eyes
164. Works well as a trimmer but is not a razor for close shave.  I recommend it for trimming beard lines.
165. If you have leaky gut issues, you most likely Don’t have enough Buteric acid and your intestines. I did a lot of research, I’m not a doctor. But doctors weren’t healing me just giving me Band-Aid prescriptions to help alleviate the pain. I started this product after much research and within two weeks, my stabbing stomach pain that was going on for two years stopped. 30 days later I was having healthy BM’s (sorry, but true). I suggest adding fiber “Metamucil” A couple times a day with it and glutamine at night. As well as a good probiotic. 60 days later, I haven’t had any stomach issues and still “regular”. The Key to cure leaky gut issues is to make sure that you’re having bowel movements every day. If you can only get your sugars in your veggies for the first 30 days (no maple or honey either), it’s a great kick off to getting your gut back to normal. Sidenote two, I don’t have sinus allergies anymore due to a bay fever. Getting your gut fixed, fixes so much more. Good luck and I support this supplement.
166. This oil smells absolutely amazing! I use it in my diffuser almost daily. Smells so nice.
167. After visiting my chiropractor several times with severe, debilitating neck and shoulder pain, he recommended that I start taking fish oil along with his regular adjustments. He stressed that high quality fish oil was a must.  I started taking Carlson's fish oil (about a tablespoon a day) and it did for me what the chiropractor could not, completely diminished my neck and shoulder pain. I love it!  I will never stop taking it, and I have recommended it to many friends who suffer from the same neck and shoulder pain. I don't know any of the science behind it, I just know it has worked for me for the past two years.  You must be consistently taking it, and it takes about two weeks to notice a difference.
168. Triphala is probably as ubiquitous in India as aspirin is in the US. It's used for digestive health and overall balance. You can make a tea with it or simply add it to your favorite beveragesmoothie. For the best absorption, you should take it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
169. This did not work at all for me. I followed the instructions and for all the good it did I might as well have been putting Chapstick on my glasses. Definitely not worth the money.
170. Weak strength and not authentic smell
171. Got samples of this product before buying. Flavors are in par; can be used with milk or water. Product was as described and seller had it out ahead of schedule. Would use seller again and will continue to use the product
172. This stuff is fantastic.  We have a wood burning stove and it removes grime completely from the glass.  If you have a stove, you will be so glad you purchased this miracle soot and creosote remover for the glass.  We’ve used it for many years.
173. Excellent, arrive on time I got exactly what I was order.  Thanks.
174. Got this on a recommendation from a nurse for home use if wax buildup became an issue.  It hasn't, so this is onhand as a &#34;just in case&#34; item.
175. After this review the company revised their instructions so they are larger, and easy to follow.  This is a great improvement in being able to use this product correctly.  I did wear this but still found that after one hour or so, the straps loosened so I had to keep adjusting them.  Also the strap that goes under one’s armpit started to hurt.  I asked several friends of varying heights and weights, to try this product and they had similar feedback re: discomfort under the armpit when wearing it for more than 15 minutes.  I really like the idea, but perhaps consider narrowing the part that goes under the arm pit and widening the part that goes on top of the shoulder... Not easy to do as there are so many varying sizes of people.  The posture corrector is useful when sitting and working on the computer, or doing something at one’s desk.
176. I have been using this tape underneath the stretch tape for a few years as recommended by my therapist.  Just want to let reader know that photo shows is a new packaginhg, this is a true BSN product.
177. Definitely helps keep glasses up!
178. If this device gives new life to one pair of pants, well then you've gotten back the cost of it! It works well if you follow the directions and wet the waistband first.I spend many days bending over doing gardening work, and so most pants for ladies feel uncomfortably pinched in the waist in that position. I've also had a few perfect pairs of pants that after the first wash, shrunk a bit and were too tight in the waist.This little contraption (I read about it on Zogdo, the gadget blog) saved my favorite pants and made my workpants a bit more comfortable. It was worth every penny and I'd recommend it - especially for the holiday time of year, when pants seem to "shrink" more than usual!!
179. Pimple Popper Tool Kit - 8 Pcs Blackhead Remover Comedone Extractor Acne Removal Set with Metal Case for Quick and Easy Removal of Pimples, Blackheads, Zit Removing, Forehead, Facial and NoseI got these to use for details on my clay sculptures. These tools work fantastic.
180. Very convenient.  Love the bumps on the bottom of the bucket.
181. Love this thing wife is always loud shuts her up Nicely :)
182. The Exrebon Ankle Compression Sleeve offers adequate compression around my ankles, but they are just not long enough to be comfortable or useful  I am 5'3' with a size 7 women's foot and ordered a size medium. The ankle height is ideal, but the coverage on my foot barely reaches the halfway point of my arch.
183. This massager works very well and it does have heat setting.  I use it primarily on my neck but I did use it on the back of each leg too - which also felt FANTASTIC.  It gives a shiatsu style massage - meaning it has kind of these balls inside that knead around and help loosen up your muscles.  I mostly keep it by my bed and grab it right before bedtime to relax for about 15 minutes or so before sleep.  Its a leather type material so its easy to wipe clean if you get fingerprints on it, etc.  Overall, I have to say I highly recommend it.
184. There are 12 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set and they all smell the same to me. The box is wrapped around the center in packaging tape which looks hideous. The bombs themselves, however, are presentation quality in the sense that they are wrapped in tissue paper and then also shrink wrapped in plastic under that.I hardly detected any fragrance with these and they all smell the same to me. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I test them in a foot bath first to either bathe my hands or my feet. Because I was skeptical of these, I bathed my hands.One bath bomb dissolves in about three minutes in close to hot water and the suds last about 10-15 minutes. The fragrance is almost non-existent and the results are horrendous. First of all, as I was filling the foot bath, the color of the bombs sprayed all over my sink and kitchen backsplash just as a result of running water over the bomb. I had about five minutes of cleaning to do from that. However, after bathing my hands, they came out pink as can be seen in the photo and I was unable to wash the color off with soap and water. These are a complete disappointment.I would not recommend these at all only because of the color staining of these bombs, the limited fragrance, and the way the box is wrapped.
185. product arrived on time as promised. I have been using this omega-3 supplement for about 6 months. The supplement has no taste or fishy after-taste. I noticed that it helped my cholesterol levels stay at a healthy number and I will continue to use this as long as I can continue to afford the price. I would highly recommend this product.
186. Best so far to get stains out of clothing.
187. I have been taking Flexoplex on and off for several years to combat degenerative OA in both knees (I purchase it directly from the manufacturer's website).  It works.That being said, I'm not a fan of the 'other ingredients' used in this product so I'm going to look for something else that contains some of the same ingredients but without magnesium stearate, silicon dioxide and shellac.
188. I made spaghetti this evening and thought, let's try a spoonful of the beet powder in the spaghetti.  I figured I could eat the spaghetti even if the beets changed it too much because spaghetti sauce is spicy and can hold its own.  The sauce did, in fact, hold its own, but man did my sauce get red!!!  The flavor was good, I even took 18 teaspoon of the powder, added a bit of water and ate it straight.  It has a hint of sweetness but with that small amount, I didn't taste any "big" flavor to the powder.  I have some frozen strawberries and milk and will try a bit of the beet powder in a smoothie, but I can already tell, it's gonna be really red!!!  Definitely worth a try - I always wanted to like beets as a side dish, but just never acquired a taste for them.  Powdered and added to other foods works for me!
189. This file may be cheap but it is a total waste of money.
190. LOVE THESE! Perfect for demaplaning and peach fuzz! Add a little glycolic acid afterwards and your skin will be smooth for Weeks!I actually tried a 10 blade which is what they use in a spa, and this worked SO MUCH BETTER
191. The Verilux HappyEyes Floor lamp is an especially versatile light with numerous applications. It will brighten your entire desk while typing and is perfect to use while reading on the couch, in your favorite chair or basically anywhere you choose. Even while working on projects like knitting, puzzles or crafts, this light is very helpful. I bought this for my husband for Christmas and keep stealing it while I'm reviewing.This makes a perfect gift for anyone who loves to read. My husband loves it because it makes maps look especially bright and clear. He says the colors stand out more and I love the way it brings out the text in books. If you don't want to move this from room to room (although it is not too heavy), buy two or one for each desk or one for the office and even the bedroom.I could use at least three of these around the house because I rarely stay in one room for very long. Some of the ways I've used this lamp is to see when reading, but you can also brighten a room by pointing the lamp at the ceiling. The super flexible arm allows the light to point in any direction. There are also two brightness levels so you can decide on the brightness you prefer. The advantages of this light include:Reduced EyestrainLess Glare - the light has a special glare reducing Parabolic grid that coversthe light bulbEnergy EfficientLong lasting 27 Watt bulb - Flicker free bright white light that simulates natural daylight.A free utility tray was included and can be attached and removed very easily. Perfect if you want to leave your reading glasses or a pen and paper by the lamp. I wasn't sure how this style of lamp would fit into my home, but it actually looks good in every room.~The Rebecca Review
192. This stuff works great for DIY e-liquid and is about $10 cheaper then comparable amounts from diy e-liquid suppliers. The 1 quart size has lasted me over a year and I make e-liquid for myself and my sister. Great value and free shipping if you have Amazon Prime.
193. a great fit! it adjusts well, like that I can suspend it around my neck without having to take it off.
194. They work!  I use as backup while travelling.  Awesome idea.
195. This is a fantastic product for getting stains out of fabric. I have a special occasion tablecloth made of white denim with lots of embroidery done after each use. Despite spilled wine and gravy from these dinners, soaking the tablecloth overnight in Biz has kept it looking almost like new without fading the embroidery.  I use it on everything that has been soiled, stained or is tired- or yellow-looking.I think it works better than Oxy-clean. I've find it hard to find in brick or mortar stores.
196. I start every day off with a nutrition packed protein smoothie. What I appreciate about this mix is that I don't feel like I have to add an additional superfoods powder to my smoothie because the ingredients are already to fantastic! I tried just blending it with ice cubes and coconut milk the first time I had it, but the flavor was a little bland and the pea protein left a chalky taste in my mouth so I added some cold brew coffee and a splash of coffee creamer and  then it tasted like I was drinking a delicious blended coffee! Yum! If you don't mind doing a little doctoring to mask the chalkiness this is a great option with squeaky clean ingredients!
197. I'm going to assume that you already know why you're shopping for black maca powder as it seems to have several health benefits, one of which is supposedly increasing sexual desire in both men and women. That said, I think these capsules are good quality and they have not given me any adverse side effects. I have to be careful what I ingest lest I get a serious bout of gastric distress going. So far I have not had any problems with this supplement.  I think this is  very good loose, maca root powder.
198. Love this sound machine, the noise options are really good and there is no noticeable looping.  The only issue is the light- I wish there was a real button instead of the “touch feature”. The touch feature really does not work and I have to play with it every night when I try to turn the light off.  Also the musical sound it makes when you turn the machine on and off can be annoying.
199. I bought a pack of 10 because we love them so much!
200. Not great, the 6 &#34;file&#34; strips hardly felt ant different from each other and weren't that strong at all. I'm lucky enough to have strong and healthy nails and they actually dented the file strips. The polish and shine strip worked ok which is what gave it the 3 stars for me.
201. I used this to line a section of my shoe (upper) as it was too large for me.  I have a narrow foot, and sometimes need to fill some space.  The moleskin is wonderful, since it can be cut to exact size, is very soft (you almost don't feel it), and it is adhesive so stays perfectly in place.
202. I love this towel! The picture is great, and the towel is awesome for the beach or pool. It's a little smaller than most beach towels, but it works great for me!
203. It seems to work well but isn't comfortable enough and doesn't disappear under clothes. I think I'm wearing it right though; I followed all of the instructions. I ended up sticking it in a drawer and resolving to try again another time.
204. This supplement is a good BACKUP to what you are already taking to prevent getting the flu and keeping your immune system healthy.  I say that because these aren't ordinary times with Covid-19, and extra supplements are necessary.  I like some of ingredients in this supplement but wish the vitamin C had been liposomal and not ascorbic acid.  The zinc is in the form of zinc oxide, which is the least bioavailable.  Most of it won't be utilized by your body.  All the other ingredients are good and I always like to see Elderberry included since it is a powerful anti-oxidant and virus buster.  I take over 1500 mg liposomal vitamin C each day plus extra zinc (citrategluconate) so I don't think the 180mg of vitamin C (in this supplement) will do anything to help your immune system fight off Covid.  I'm giving it 3 stars and think that is being generous.
205. My pills are hard and dome shaped but this does a good job.  Just hold it so pill is down or it wants to pop out.  Good design so you don't cut your fingers.  Takes some pressure.  I thought it was a little expensive but it works very well.
206. I bought 2 more !  Eventually the lining seperated.  I'm going to see if I can sew it. Lasted a long time before it did that.
207. During the holidays packaging is everything. Great bags for small packagws
208. The perfect size wedge. I use it in my bed
209. I am picky when it comes to any foods I don't cook myself.With that said, my husband is the type who'd eat anything and don't complain.  Of course, taste is very subjective and I am sure a lot of people will love these.My husband said there was no way he could eat these bars.That says it all.
210. I like anything I can do that will improve my health. It doesn't take much time or effort to stand on this mat. It has really helped with the tight tendons though the bottom of my feet.
211. I was able to get this on an airplane with little trouble.  It was definitely better than your average airplane seat.  After an hour, hour and a half or so, my a** still started hurting though.  I think that the gel 'columns' that they use are able to collapse too easily, would be nice if they were more firm.  I also agree with other reviewers that it could be an inch or two wider.  I can't really review it lower then 3-4 stars though, I don't know exactly why my rump hurts so much when I sit, can't really blame this product for that!  The true test for me will be when I take it in the kayak in a few weeks.  That's the real reason I bought it.
212. Having sensitive teeth and gums can make good oral health a struggle.  Most of the time I just skip using toothpaste, defaulting to baking soda, but I so miss the fresh feeling that a good toothpaste leaves in my mouth.  Mouthwash is nice, but just not the same.I have tried many toothpaste brands that promise and fail to deliver a more comfortable brushing experience, so it was a certain of low expectation that accompanied my order of the Spotlight brand.I was delighted at the mild taste of this toothpaste.  No burning gums or tongue.  No sparks of pain in my teeth.  I am thrilled to have a toothpaste that properly cleans my teeth and so nicely protects my teeth and gums without discomfort.
213. Doesn't come with a charging cord.
214. Helped painful feet.
215. Love the Puffs!
216. Very large and bulky.  When you fold it, it is still fairly large and is bulky. I don't see much size advantage in this one over other styles  because of this. The one I received was white, not gray as in the picture.
217. These is a great sleep mask. I have a few that a too over the top. They just need to be like this one simple and soft. Silk is the way to go. You almost don't know you're wearing this. Fits well and is adjustable.
218. My neighbor, a beautician for over 20 years, told me to use baking soda on my hair when I wash it. I use hair spray, and she said wet your hair, sprinkle some of the baking soda onto your hand and rub it into your hair before shampooing. She said to leave it set for a bit and then shampoo and it will take out any excess hair products, that normally do not come out when doing a regular shampoo only. I find it works great. In addition, I use it in the washer for cleaner fresher clothes.
219. I had high hopes for the spray hoping it would take care of the problem in the window wells with baby ants. There is a lot of greenery outside my back windows and I was hoping that this would eradicate the issue…It did not do the job that I had hoped it would do and I had a spray 3-4 times a day to get fair results…Animal fairness I cannot recommend purchasing this because it really does not do the job he claims he can do.
220. I use it mostly to clean my windows.  Cleans nicely and doesn't leave streaks.
221. African American hair don't know my curl pattern. My hair is thin in comparison to other black women hair. Straightens nicely. The heat is not so direct which makes it great for healthy hair. Not good for styling I had to use my flat iron (direct heat) but I didn't have to use my flat iron as much which helps to decrease the amount of heat on my hair. The Apalus brush is difficult to clean.
222. perfect for my nature art supply themed Easter baskets! focusing on activities for kids during our corona home stay :)
223. does the job
224. They are like a yummy healthy vegan treat! My fiance even likes them and he usually dislikes gummies.
225. bristles are to soft,they dont scrub anything
226. I received the bluewhite gloves and the purple gloves and they seem to differ. The bluewhite gloves seemed really shinyslippery. I received a size large, but could have used a medium so I would say they are true to size. The purple gloves seemed thicker than the bluewhite gloves and less shinyslippery. They have a swirly design on the inside which helps with grip. The inside feels soft, like there's actual cloth material inside. They would make great for washing dishes and cleaning because of the thickness. I'd reccommend this item.
227. Strange and a little stinky(like vinyl or chemical smell), but I guess it does stretch my neck and hold my head in place.
228. I gave this product four stars because they can clean, but as I scrub with them they tend to fall apart.  I run through a large amount of them just for cleaning my glass top stove, and if something is particularly burned on these just tear apart trying to get it off.  I cut the flattened ends off of them until there is nothing left of the pad to try and get more use out of them, but they just don't stand up that well for the price that a person has to pay for them.
229. I was a bit disappointed in the size of the product. It really is a sample size item. It didn't contain enough product for me to say if it really works or not. For the price I would shop another product over this one.
230. This is not worth the money. Far too small to fit even the basic first aid essentials.
231. Easy to hold and use. Doesn’t take a lot to get a smooth finish. Easy to use wet or dry. Love that they are labeled.
232. I'm using this as a light moisturizer, and for that it is perfect. All lotions make my face break out even though I am well beyond my teenage years. This is just enough moisture, and doesn't clog pores.It feels slightly sticky at first, but that doesn't last. The scent is pleasant, and I believe it comes from the ingredients rather than added perfume. The spray pump works well as a mister. It takes a lot of spraying to saturate a cotton ball, so I've been applying it directly on my face.
233. Adhesive is awful. Advertisment would have you believe this is a mesh product. Actually just an uncomfortable piece of plastic. Also, the claim to stop mouth breathing is misleading. I was able to breath normally through the slit opening.
234. It cleans ok but it just smells like oranges.  I’m not convinced it has any disinfectant qualities that match up to Doterra, which smells more like cloves.  Great packaging though. I won’t buy again..
235. These are cute and whimsical nail files.  You can easily hang them onto a key chain or lanyard and they fold like a pocket knife into the body of the dolphin.  Use as a letter opener or anything else in addition to nail file.
236. These heads were just a fraction off for my O Cedar spin mop. Difficult to get on.
237. I use these for my car windows when they fog up and it does work on glasses as well.
238. Best protein on the market!  Use for long runs.
239. This little gadget works great! When smoke is blown through the device, NO smoke even comes out the other end. The only downside for me is that i am a pretty regular use smoker and the smokebuddy clogs up in about a month or on me. But they work so well i just keep buying new ones. It would wonderful if the company would release a model that allows for replaceable cartridges to be purchased rather than an entirely new unit every time it clogs.
240. Arrived with frayed threads and the construction didn't seem very sturdy, I sent it back.
241. wonderful powder - really keeps you dry.  i use in certain areas where i sweat more such as under breasts.  works great and has very nice smell. I highly recommend
242. It is way too gentle.  I ordered this massager for muscle releif, not gentle personal pleasure.  I gave it tow stars because it was not broken or not working at all.
243. This tobelife CW001 Mini Ozone Generator O3 Air Purifier works really well in small spaces.  It doesn't generate too much ozone as a lot of them do. It's rechargeable and the battery last a good long time.  It works great for my car and gym bag but has trouble with a mid sized room.  My only real complaint is they say to mount it high for best results in the instructions but only give you a very short USB cord.  Where I mounted it is hard to get to so I had to run a USB extension cable.Regardless, it's much better portable and in the car so I will be ordering a couple more for my locker, gym bag and car.  This is perfect for those uses.  I still want to see if it does anything in my workshop where it's mounted in the pictures.  I highly recommend this for the uses I mentioned and we'll see about a mid sized room but I'm afraid it just isn't designed for that use.
244. Does its job. Love the blue color around the numbers.  Useful in the dark  overall very neat design and easy to use.  I like how you can switch between kg and lbs with a simple button below. Very nice
245. Fantastic!!! Love it and will buy more of it! Arrived very carefully packaged, it came from India, took a while to arrive, no problem, worth the wait . Just great. Thank you!
246. My nephews love this game!
247. Organic is key here, because I think pesticides really stick on the skins of citrus fruits and would definitely be in an oil pressing.  More importantly, this is great to have around for food flavoring more than just diffusing.  Very versatile product that should not be offensive to anyone, which I can't say about all oils...
248. I am always willing to try new things to see if they would help so when I saw these plums I figure why not. Plums have always had the reputation to help with digestive issues so I figured this may help. In this bag you only get 5 pieces that are all individually wrapped, and yes that means 5 pieces of plums for $18 !!!! Yes they are fermented a special way and undergo some special process but really? 5 plums, and we are talking tiny little plums for $18?The plums themselves do not taste good. They don’t taste horrible but they don’t taste good, not even close. I found they are just whatever really. You kind of just force them down and hope they help. Sadly I can’t really say that they helped, not even close. I think you would have to take quite a few of them to do that and at basically just over $3 per plum, that is just not going to happen, sorry.So it was worth the experiment but sad to say it was a failed experiment. Personally I will not replenish my used up stock and I can’t recommend others getting these but hey to each their own.
249. I am writing a review of the ChillMED brand. The Travel Bag I bought was defective to the point where I want to warn others: These are not made to last.This is a horrible product made in China. I bought it in February. After 8 months it is literally falling apart. Rip Off! Buyer Beware.(The MedPort brand products are even worse...)The &#34;nylon&#34; fabric is cheap, thin, and coated with something that is flaking off inside the pouch.The outside fabric attracts dirt and is difficult to clean (Porus, canvas like nylon material.)The stitches are pulling out and elastic stretched, pulled and fraying.Had to throw it in the garbage because it has become unsanitary, unable to be cleaned by wiping...When new the pouch inside had to be resewn because it was too loose to hold in the bag of syringes.The grey material stains easily, relative to a black material. Appears dirty after a month of use.Horribly Overpriced.Another example of people with medical problems being overcharged because they need it.Sigh...
250. NO2 supplements with all the added ingredients are a definite boost. This formulation includes some primo ingredients. Quite happy with the assay.Better than advertised. Tastes fine.
251. This is my second jar of this wonderful product.  I've had a skin problem with drying and peeling and this vitamin E cream heals my hands up nicely.
252. I had surgery and it was painful for me to sit for long periods of time.  I decided to try one of these cushions and it helped me so much.  I was able to sit for several hours a day as long as I was using the cushion. Now that I am healed I still am more comfortable using the cushion and will continue to use it from now on.  It was worth every penny I paid for it!
253. Having loved their product that works on fiberglass, I couldn't wait to try this on my glass shower door.  It might have taken off some of the water stains, but I couldn't tell the difference.  It took me a long time to find something that would actually work on the fiberglass; looks like I still have some searching to do for the glass shower door.  Maybe I just have exceptionally hard water.
254. I tried this product for the first time. It smelled very good but the  sensation I did not like. Maybe it was the mint and that irritated me. I could not keep it on more than 20 minutes. I have them to my daughter and she loves them
255. How did this get such a high review here?!... not for this tough,  scratchy, khaki colored denim fabric.  It is stiff with absolutely ZERO airflow.  I literally could feel the air being pushed out and sucked in from the sides.  And the handle around the ears is very uncomfortable as well.  I am so confused as to how and why this has such high ratings.  If I hadn't washed it b4 wearing,  I would have sent this piece of crap back.  What a waste of hard earned money. If only I could give it no stars
256. This is the best Fish Oil you can get and I love it!
257. My doctor told me to try taking Magnesium to help me sleep.  This product did the trick!  I get sleepy about 1 hour after taking this.  It also helps with digestive problems (remember Milk of Magnesia?).  Highly recommended.
258. I am a type 1 female diabetic with a ravenous appetite.  When I don't take this stuff, I am eating all day long.  When I take these supplements in the morning and afternoon I eat much less and take much less insulin!  A win-win for me.  I do not use the shakes from Advocare, they are too sweet and have too many carbs.  I use Syntha 6 protein powder which tastes much better than the Advocare shakes.  I also like the Advocare Spark.  It gives me energy and helps me focus.
259. This stuff smells great but it lasts ten minutes and it's gone. I'm giving four stars because it smells so good, but again.. It won't stick around no time and you'll have to spray more.I believe it's the sprayer partly responsible for the fast fade out of the smell. It sprays such a heavy amount, it falls straight to the floor immediately as opposed to suspending in the air for a few seconds. The sprayer is not adjustable either. It's simply too much liquid coming out of the nozzle at once. Period. Again, it smells great though.
260. I was happy to find this product . It was accurate with my known allergies and I discovered an allergy I was unaware of . I like that you can do this from home amd so t have to go to, or call a dr to order . It’s a good value . It is easy to use and comes with everything you need.
261. Full disclosure- at first I was totally mad because each roll seemed like it only had a few sticky papers on it, kind of like what you buy at the dollar store. Then I used it. What I like most is that the papers are on a diagonal and it is SO MUCH EASIER than the ones that are horizontal. Finding those and peeling them off is a pain. This is totally easy and the papers are much thinner, so even though it's a thin roll, there's a lot on there. I love these little things.
262. These aren’t even close to buff puff. You might as well use cotton.
263. I bought this foot spa to help &#34;refresh&#34; my husband's tired feet after work, and he LOVES it.I use this spa with very warm water (100 degrees), add in some Epson salt and set a timer for 20 minutes.  The instruction suggest not using the unit for longer than 20 minutes so that is why I set a separate timer.  The spa has a built in heater and keep the water around 98 degrees.
264. I am a former nurse and I have a well stocked first aid kit in my house and car and am always prepared for most emergencies, but that being said, I have never had a tourniquet and when I saw this set, I thought it would be a good idea to add that to my already fairly comprehensive kit. The fact that there are two, is a plus becuz I can keep one at home and one in my car. These tourniquets are probably the easiest I have ever seen to use and can reliably be used on yourself if necessary. The bands are made of a strong, durable elastic and can be cinched very tight, which is what is needed if you ever need to use a tourniquet. The locking mechanism keeps it securely in place and with the pop of the tab - like releasing the tab of a dog collar, it can be released one handed. Hopefully I will never have need of using a tourniquet, but since I like to always be prepared for things in case, this is a good addition to my first aid kits. I think this is something that anyone who lives very rurally, travels or hikes or camps, would all benefit from having a tourniquet in their first aid kit and these are easy to use, come with a detailed instruction card including pictures and are small and stored easily. I received this product for freediscount in exchange for a fair and honest review. All opinions are completely my own and if this review was helpful to you, please hit the &#34;yes&#34; button at the end of the review!
265. These are used all over hour house. From kitchen to the craft room, and many places in between. My husband even uses them for stuff in the garage and his electronics. They're sturdy and hold a lot. I also love that you can see through them easily.
266. Best reading glasses, ever. Very durable. Will purchase only these reading glasses in the future.
267. Too big for any of my masks--and I have a lot of different ones.  It split into two parts too which I'm not sure if that's intentional or not.
268. My optometrist gave me a sample size of this a year ago and I haven't been able to go back to anything else for my overnight contact soak.If I'm taking a nap I'll soak them in something else but this solution seems to clean and sanitize them so well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone else who wears contacts
269. If the sizing were correct, this would be a good buy.  The sizing is way off incorrect, and the medium is just a little tight with Supporto but the belt on this item won't even touch to attach it is so wrong.  These are the China sizes, I am not Chinese. my equipment is too big for the whole designed to let it out for normal operation, just won't fit through.
270. Forskolin- I've been seeing & hearing a lot about this lately!  Now, I am trying it out!  I like the fact that I only need take 2 daily at the same time.  i tend to forget but I can handle 2 at the same time.  The capsules go down easily & do not have a funny taste or cause heartburn.  I haven't been taking these for long but I seem to have more energy & don't feel the need to snack as much.  I really don't weigh myself so don't know if I've lost any pounds but I seem to be more active and don't just sit around now.  Thanks for an affordable product!
271. Great price for 12 of these.  However, you will need one each time you do a manicure.  These do not hold up to vigorous buffing and filing.  I tried to use one of these a second time, and it left black &#34;scuff&#34; marks on my nails.  That being said, the price is cheap enough that I can throw them away after each use, and simply order more when these run out.
272. This thing works better than any other product i have used. I had very hard heels from day to day walking. I do suggest to get the coarse green ones when ordering if you do have hard hard heels. The stock blue ones work great for mild to light hard heels and day to day use. I do suggest the corded one since no batteries are needed and feels more powerful than the battery one.
273. This is stupid.  Don’t do anything.  Doesn’t keep pipe clean.  Pointless purchase.  Waste
274. Great cleaning solution set for prepping the CPU and cooler for new thermal compound.
275. This cream has good ingredients, goes on smoothly, doesn't leave residue, and absorbs nicely. Also, the price is very reasonable! The problem is the scent. It has a strong granny smell. The scent is pretty unpleasant, and I had to use some essential oils to mask it, but that only did so much. It would have 5 stars if it smelled better.
276. Great product, great customer service, great idea and does open up nose, sadly doesnt work for everyone. Would recommend to others.
277. I like this straightener iron. It’s a simple low cost ceramic iron that goes up 450* and takes about 5-30 seconds to heat to the temperature you choose and it has 10 different levels for all different hair types. It’s a good 1 inch iron, it is easy to hold and has an auto shut off after an hour. This also has a two year warranty. It definitely is a good choice for a digital ceramic iron, and because of it’s size, it is easy to travel with. It packs a lot of punch for a great value.
278. I got the Mojito flavor because of the healthy teeth and gums. The taste was okay but left an aftertaste. That went away quickly. My mouth feels clean and fresh. I am thinking of getting the other flavor too that is for the freshest mouth.
279. For the price, this is fine. My problem was, I was having problems with my phone and had to take the back off ot get the battery out to reset. It is next to impossible to get the thing off without breaking it or knocking the diamonds off...
280. This is the only seriphos on the market that i can attest as being more than filler. it works miracles! Even better i know that eventually because of this supplement i my body will be trained to produce its own seretonin and i will be able to stop using it! gotta love that.
281. If you are looking for a securement device for any type of medical tubing situation, port-a-cath, PICC line, central line, urinary catheter, dialysis sets, feeding tubes and for any age category of patient I recommend getting this device first.  This comes from some time of buying device after device for tubing securement with many different types of lines and while some worked for some types of lines but not others or did not work with any, or did not hold well enough or if they held it was because the adhesive was very irritating finding this device was amazing  and I wish I had known about it first as it would have saved weeks of hunting, saved a great deal of money spent on poor devices that did not do what was needed and mad things way more comfortable for the patient and a great deal safer without risk of pulling a line loose.My daughter has both a port-a-cath and a feeding tube, and also has had a PICC line and a central line in months prior,  and one of the greatest difficulties we have had is finding a securement device that works well with for her and will hold some of the tubing and liens she has that are not easy to secure such as her feeding tube.  The ones both supplied by the hospital and by her home health care are probably good for a standard set up with a child's feeding tube, as that is what they usually deal with but, with an adult it did not secure well and while one area would hold well it was too loose or tight in the other.  This device with the separate strips that can be adjusted for the parts it needs to secure is absolutely an amazing answer to what was a very frustrating problem we had.  And because of the fact that it's versatile in how it can hold the tubing andor connector it can be placed in slightly different areas so that its not a constant irritant in one spot.  It was also listed as hypoallergenic and my daughter has many problems with adhesives and allergies to them,  and this one hasn't caused any problems even after 24 hours of use.  And given the prices we have paid for various securement devices that did not work anywhere near as well the price point was excellent.I really appreciated the seller was detailed in showing how their device worked in on their sale page and the different options for different types of tubing.  Since it is not irritating her as other devices have, and her port securement device does, we will also be switching to use this device for her porta-a-cath.  Obviously this will be something I will be re-buying on a regular basis.  I was very happy to have finally found this listed, as well as the images demonstrating how it worked when search Amazon for a solution.  I really cannot stress to a parent or caregiver how this really should be the first device you try because it's so versatile and you have so many ways of configuring it to work well, even if you later settle on a device made specifically for the tubing you have, using this device first is really going to show you what configuration you need in a device to hold tubes properlyThe seller shipped it quickly and promptly and it actually arrived well before the date stated it would arrive when I ordered.
282. Menthol type of medicine, put 10-20drops into warm cup of water or juice, helps with sleep (has 65% alcohol) :) but we use it for indigestion, as a rub for colds, etc, just ahard to-get-product....
283. Great pair of scissors!!!  They are super study and easy on the hands!
284. This is one of the more sleek and attractive BP monitors for home use and the readings aren't too far off from my expensive Omron BP monitor. Usually the failure is in the cuff and even though I didn't readjust it during four readings it occasionally overinflated, which will give you a drastically higher measurement. It talks, which it nice, but it is a bit too chatty.
285. I love the Swerve products - both the granular and the powdered worked very well in my Keto recipes, and had no aftertaste at all.  I would have left 5 stars, but the product is quite expensive and it isn't even a full pound of either type of erythritol.  However, I purchased a cheaper kind - and it just wasn't as good.  It didn't dissolve well and left my recipes grainy; and also left a very cooling sensation on the tongue that I did not like at all.  I then tried another product, which was Stevia and Erythritol mix, that said it had no aftertaste - but it did.  I then ordered more Swerve - even though it costs considerably more than the others.
286. Wonderful fragrance for baby & me !
287. Good lasts longer than Santevia says so worth the $$
288. Update to my review from 2009:I have found the same product for much cheaper at my local Costco: a bottle of Kirkland "Mucus Relief Chest Guaifenesin 400 mg, 200 tablets" for $11.55 ($0.06400 mg tablet) instead of this ProHealth product of 100 tablets for ~$20 ($0.20400 mg tablet). The ProHealth is over 3 times the price!  And the Kirkland brand tablets are MUCH easier to swallow.The price at my local Costco is currently cheaper, btw, than buying the same Kirkland bottle on amazon (http:www.amazon.comKirkland-Signature-Expectorant-Guaifenesin-Immediate-ReleasedpB002RL8FIEref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=hpc&qid=1291354212&sr=1-1)======================First, my product reviewPros:- Eliminates my snoring! (see below, your mileage will vary)- The least expensive product (per mg) that I have found so far.- Shipping has been reliable from this vendor.- Product is 100% guaifenesin (no decongestent, etc..)Cons- As previously posted by another reviewer, they can be difficult to swallow because of their size and the fact they are not coated. I have a large mouth :)  so not so much a problem for me, but those with smaller mouthsthroats (like my wife) might have more difficulty.I have been taking Guaifenesin for the last 5+ years. My allergy doctor recommends taking it when I first notice allergy or cold symptoms as a means to help me combat the allergycold and recuperate faster.I used to snore often and thought I had sleep apnea (I don't, according to an overnight sleep study). My wife and I were both sleeping poorly from my snoring and our quality of life was greatly impacted.  She made this (life-saving!) observation that I did not snore when I was on the guaifenesin when I was taking it for coldallergy symptoms.Given how guaifenesin is rated as a relatively safe drug, my allergy doctor saw no harm in taking it regularly and told me that, although it is not advertised to help address snoring, he could see how thinning the mucus (that I often have) would make breathing through my air passage easier and reduce the snoring.Guaifenesin might not help your snoring at all, but I would certainly recommend that you talk to your doctor if you have a snoring problem and ask if it makes sense to try it.Pierre
289. My boss had one of these, but she moved upstairs so I couldn't steal it to use anymore.  I had to invest in my own.  It's nice that it breaks down so if I need to take it with me, I'm not carrying a huge plastic &#34;S&#34; down the hall.  Works really great.  PAY ATTENTION TO THE INSTRUCTIONS - if you press too hard, you will bruise yourself and not notice for several hours!
290. Ordered these four years ago and they are still going strong despite tough daily wear.  Withstand surface washing with soap or antiseptic wipes, and candle wax comes off with a quick blast from a blow dryer.  Haven't faded despite years of sun exposure.  Can be used as a trivet for hot dishes.  Quality for everyday use but nice enough for casual entertaining as well.  Highly recommended!
291. EXACT same ingredients, down to the .00X percentage, as Lysol Quaternary. I've given up looking for Lysol Wipes or Lysol Spray and most assuredly Lysol Quaternary during this plague, so I make this up in those continuous spray mist bottles and have a ton leftover. Smells wayyyyy better than the Lysol QC, so from here on out I'll stick with this brand.
292. This was more like a cream in a tub instead of like a vaseline ointment.  I found it hard to use.
293. This product really works to clean your windows outside in one easy step.  No prep cleaning needed.  Just Put the Renz EZ in the canister, attach it to a hose, put your finger over the little hole to let the soap dispense in a strong spay from the dispenser then lift your finger to rinse with a strong spray of clear water.  Expect to get a little wet.
294. I have tried these in a few pairs of shoes, all of which range from 10 to 11 womens, so I chose the sizing option of 10-11.5 women (or 8.5-10) men's. The sizing seems spot on. As with many inserts, there is a guideline on the bottom for trimming to size. I did not find these too wide for the shoe. They are the exact same as other inserts I stacked them against. I literally pulled inserts out from other shoes and put these on top. I took a couple of pics side by side, as trying to show the sameness by putting them on top of each other doesn't show anything.. because they are same size! Excused the um, wear and tear on the used inserts ;)The inserts feel pretty good. Not super cushiony, but I do feel a pleasant energizing tingle when I wear them, especially in the heel. I have high arches, so I appreciate that these dont have a super firm arch. It feels reasonable to me.The inserts do feel breathable and "not stuffy". I really wasn't sure what to expect because the description mentions heat, walking fever.. I have no idea. The brandstore name is EarthingLife, so who knows.. not really my thing. I just want decent inserts, and the price is within range of what I normally pay ($10-17).4 stars.. still early on in wearing these. Been wearing them light duty, but I want to see how they do with a full, physical work week. I will update if I learn more, or fall in love with them, etc..
295. Bitter melon is a good natural medicine. It can help you maintain healthy blood sugar levels. It also helps to regulate lipid levels. You can make a tea or add it to your favorite liquid. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
296. Perfect size and works well
297. Warm and fuzzy - only wearable in the winter though. Great for lounging in the house!
298. Works great and holds tight
299. Beautiful.  I get compliments on it all the time.  And one of the sturdiest canes that I have ever had.
300. A bit pricey but Cascade powder is what I wanted and the quality is great. Clean and sparkle dishes when done.
301. This Beurer Professional Ultrasonic Cleanser with Digital Timer works well for cleaning the pail of vintage costume and real jewelry I have that really needs it. It's pretty easy to figure out without even looking at the directions, but you may need to for precautions and water requirements, if using dish soap. I used a jewelry cleaning liquid meant for Ultrasonic Cleaners, and cleaned several pieces at a time. I have a few large pieces that will need to be done in sections, but for most regular jewelry the size is sufficient. It did a good job cleaning the pieces I experimented with. It has a timer that goes by 30 second intervals, with the highest time limit at 7:30. I'm not sure why that particular number is the magic one for this device, but some tools and other items that are particularly dirty, may need more time. Overall, it is a nice working cleaner for household jewelry and semi-small items, and I would definitely recommend it.
302. This is a repeat purchase, It seems to work well for me.
303. I bought it as a gift. I haven't heard anything about it yet.
304. Very Soft and hanger included I love these!
305. I didn’t actually get this since someone stole it from the lobby. But I ha e used these before and it tasted amazing and fruity. I did order it from my husband’s account and it tasted great.
306. My daughter liked the flavor of these and did not mind taking them at all. However, I will say that we saw no really change in her overall health including her gut health and going to the bathroom. In my opinion this is one of those things that you take everyday because someone tells you too... but you don't really have a way of knowing if they are really working or not.
307. Very thin. Made from an odd material. I don't think they do anything. I've stacked a couple hoping for better results. Not worth the price.
308.  PROS: Compact, work well, come with bag and coversCONS: none
309. These are so cool!  I only have a quart sized baggie full of liquids to live off of for a month and a only a few clothes to wash a lot.  What to do?  Buy these?  They are simply genius!  I tried them in the sink with some panties and you'll need a few sheets but they definitely clean your clothes without taking up valuable liquid space.  I bought two packs and had room in one pack to shove most of another in one container, so I have about 85 sheets to work with.  I'm good to go for many loads of sink laundry on my trip.
310. I have to say I tried to like this flavoring. I have gotten 7 different flavors. I tried them in baking mostly. I found that you needed a lot to even make it taste like anything (I found an unpleasant aftertaste).I honestly can not recommend this brand of flavoring. Amazon customerservice is great but this company Capella  has not responded to my emails. Their customer service is terrible if you have problems. Maybe someone else would think these are great but I am not one of them.Thank you and God bless you.
311. I went from the Legion Pulse preworkout to this and I can say, that this really gets me going strong even after an hour.
312. They fit great. Has a really good price. They are sturdy. I can fit every one of my fingers.
313. This sponge does a great job clearing up your skin from any drynessredness or infections.  Using this sponge has really helped my skin, especially paired with .As a plus, it dries faster then a typical loofa that I use in the shower.  I can hang this on a bar inside the shower and it dries rather quickly.  It's also easy to fold up and pack it for travel.
314. I always end up with streaks when I clean my windshield, no matter how many times I do it or how careful I am. Same with the television screen, or the stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. Streak city.I like the design of the inShield Wiper. The two elastic straps hold it tight against my palm or the back of my hand. The white plastic board, between the black foam and the microfiber sponge, holds the sponge firm while cleaning various surfaces.The microfiber sponge itself is thick and looks well-constructed. According to the instructions, the sponge is machine washable.The wiper works pretty well on windshields, removing streaks. It’s certainly a lot easier to get the awkward spot right by the dashboard (works best to take it off your hand and hold an edge for that area).The instructions say to use DRY, but I had the best results using glass cleaner on the windows. Same with cleaning my television screen and stainless steel appliances -- using glass cleaner worked much better than using the sponge dry.
315. It was gift from my in-laws in utero I don't know I haven't speak to them yet but from my wife told me that they're very happy with it
316. They last forever just sitting in a drawer.  The battery itself is a 2000 MAH unit and goes forever once put in use.  It recharges and repeats this hundreds of times and yet appears like new.
317. Good product but not cheap using on large area
318. I thought this would pad my golfer's elbow ulnar nerve when I sleep but after a few nights, the pain was worse. Perhaps the padding was too firm. I will keep it for other applications.
319. You literally can’t smell anything.  I wouldn’t even give them as a gift to get rid of them.  So disappointed.
320. Purchased this as a gift for my mom for her new car. She collects swans and was VERY excited when she opened it. Great purchase!
321. I find it very useful. People who notice it say really nice things about it, which makes me feel good because they're noticing that my cane is cool instead of that I'm a cripple who needs a cane. And rather to my surprise, two days after I got it I was attacked on the street, so I needed the alarm.On the downside, I find I accidentally turn on the light a little too often, I have accidentally made the batteries fall out (When I was at Disney World, and needed them), and a couple times I have accidentally turned on the alarm (also while I was at Disney World, in a crowded room - and boy did people stare). But I can't really expect it to be harder to activate or it wouldn't be useful, and a cripple doesn't want the battery compartment to be too difficult to open, right? Also, it's *slightly* bent after a few months of use, so it's not holding the weight of a normal person as well as I might like. But I can afford to buy another one if it only lasts a year, so I'm not too upset.
322. I like this toothpaste a lot. My mouth feels clean and fresh after use. The toothpaste gel has a light consistency and a very light refreshing taste. (I have trouble with commercial brands that are very thick and overpoweringly minty and foam like a fire extinguisher, gack! -- till now mostly brushed with baking soda to avoid the pastes.) I have no idea what it's doing to plaque or tartar, haven't been to the dentist since starting use a few weeks ago, but as toothpastes go, this is my new favorite based on consistency, taste, and feel of mouth and teeth after use which is clean.Am happy with purchase, have purchased more.
323. This is another beauty with vibrate green colors evenly balanced to give a sense of well being and delight. Like the lapis lazuli stone I purchased this is a winner.I will be back to purchase bigger stones and crystals.
324. the wife loves them.
325. Taste great, a nice alternative to water. To be honest I am not sure how much it actually helps my progress in the gym, but it does taste good and it helps keep me hydrated.
326. was just as described, very happy with purchase.
327. I'm trying to find products to replace all the plastic soaps. I liked these they just don't last very long so for the price it doesn't compete just yet with the plastic liquid soaps. I'll keep trying others to find one.
328. I should have read the measurements of the product. The width of this is very wide and would work well for a big mouth. But if anyone tries to clean their tongue, once you stick it out, it creates a concave and I could not reach all the yucky in the middle, back. I ended up pinching the metal at 1 inch below with pliers so it's very narrow now at the tip to get to the small back and in the middle. This now works to get in the middle section and sides without a problem. However the metal is not forgiving so you have to go in easy. I have made my tongue bleed a few times with too much pressure. If this was in a rubber material, it could be better so I don't damage my tongue. Still looking around.
329. Very nice size, vibrant colors.
330. This product could be 5 stars if it worked consistently. I don't know if the controller has to be in the perfect position or there has to be no pressure or some pressure on the pad itself, but it will either come on for a few minutes then stop or not start at all. I bought this a little over a year ago and these issues started months ago. Its really aggravating when your in severe pain from a chronic disease and can't get up to make a hot water bottle because it hurts so much. I'm on disability so I'm poor, I buy this thing and then it doesn't work after 6 months. Its really depressing because for the short time it did work it really made a big difference in pain control.
331. Love the color, easy to work with
332. For my work and it offer me that needed support  and after a half a month of use this show  that if you pay $19 for a back brace that just what you get  smh the strap dont hold together it just Garboden it is what it is!
333. In a used it for 2 days in the bedroom . i Haven't noticed much difference yet. On low it is super quiet and on high it's not loud to me. Filter is 2 into one so that will help filter out pet dander and dust. So far I can say its a nice unit for small areas like a bedroom or bathroom. Or small living room.
334. For the price, these earplugs can't be beat.
335. Very practical. Helps relieve backache! Really works :)
336. Very soft bristles but does not spin only vibrates. Actual Clarisonic heads spun back and forth as well so very disappointing.
337. Pros: Bright colors, super soft, decent quality and price, absorbentCons: has a smell when you open the package but it goes away, the bath mat and toilet cover are a good size but the toilet mat is ridiculously laughably small. Like...at least your feet can fit on it.
338. This lite is great.  Like having a new pair of glasses.
339. This supplement has the usual suspects for hair growth. Biotin is the big one of course. The other vitamins are just good vitamins to take and the minerals are general good minerals for health.
340. Beautiful gift box that it's easy to esamble ans perfect size for upcoming gifting season! Unfortunately, it was too thin for my needs and would not hold heavier products (candles, body butters, scrubs).
341. OK FOR A FACE MASK
342. Prefer the egg white protein bars for flavor, but these grass fed bovine bars are not bad at all, considering the phenomenal health benefits
343. Darn, I got these in the wrong size, so DP gets to have them instead of me. I got a large, and I should have gotten them in a smaller size. My loss, his gain! But that's good because he's started walking 2+ miles a day (he's 66) and has been hinting that he might start running again. So he definitely needs these compression knee sleeves. I need them, too, so I'm going to have to buy my own pair.Be sure to follow the instructions for measuring the size you need before ordering. Don't guess, like I did. (Actually, when I was offered a pair of these to review, I don't think they had the sizing instructions listed. I don't remember seeing them, anyway.) If you size them correctly, I think you'll be very pleased with the quality of the materials and the compression. I know DP is.UPDATE: I got a pair in the small for myself, and that's more like it! I have a tibial tuberosity on my right knee that tends to get very itchy if I walk a lot, which I'm doing now (about 3 miles a day), and these compression knee sleeves definitely help with that. I don't know if it's the compression or the warmth, but my knee cap doesn't get as aggravated during my walks, and my calves feel GREAT.
344. This product is well made, arrives on time, and works as stated. If you have lower back pain, this is for you! If you suffer from back issues, I’d have to say this is a great device to try. Due to several injuries, my entire back is a mess and I’m in almost constant pain.It is a must have for back massages. It helps me with my back pain and it’s just unbelievably wonderful. I can’t even find the right words to describe it. It’s just so amazing and so worth it. I’m so glad I bought it. I'll keep using it, it is sturdy and consistent. I'm hoping the more I use it, the better I will feel, we will see.
345. I do not like the fact that they are not true to size. I could not get them on and the foot was way too small.
346. This mask is perfect for winter. It is 3-ply, thick, spacious, and super comfortable. There is no nose wire or adjustable ear elastics but I find that is not needed. Also, there is no inner pocket for a PM2.5 charcoal filter but that does not matter to me. I love almost everything about this mask. The black color goes with everything too and keeps dirt from showing. There are three in the package and I would expect the three to be priced at around $15 or $5 per mask. I put this in a lingerie bag in the washer and lay flat to dry. This mask gets 4.5 stars from me.
347. Smell is very strong. Read the label because it needs mixed differently for different uses  Does get rid of pet odors
348. These pads are great addition to use with toilet liners for caretakers. It made clean up so much easier & faster, along with much more sanitary. Tried another brand not as well made nor did it hold as much liquid. Would recommend & will use if needed in future.
349. Big fat elastic ninjas to teach Hookes law in physics.  Good quality.  Huge hit with students.
350. The expiration date is a month from now and it was produced 2yrs ago. Charcoal is ok. It smokes a lot and smells. Not very high quality.
351. I don't have a lot of problems sleeping, but when I do, it's very frustrating! Last night I was awakened by an emergency alert on my phone. I was unable to fall asleep afterwards. After about an hour, I decided to try one of these supplements and it worked very well. I was able to fall asleep again. In the morning, I felt just fine. I didn't feel sluggish or tired. I usually take Tylenol PM or something like that and only on the 2nd night of having sleep problems. I will definitely use this instead of the Tylenol PM next time I need something to help me sleep!
352. Pure Holy Basil. Great to reduce stress and ease into a great night of sleep.
353. These cards are beautiful inside and out and contain verses from the King James Version of the Bible which is what I wanted.
354. Have not noticed any improvement with balance, etc the black sensors come out.
355. This is my favorite smell in the Caldrea line. It's clean and fresh and smells completely unique.  It makes me clean the counter tops probably more than needed just so I can smell it. Wish they made it in a body mist. I also love this scent in the linen spray, laundry soap and fabric softener.
356. works as advertised when u spray cats wont come around until it wears off but it really worked
357. Smells bad, works great! Bought cause we have a neighborhood cat who sprays everything! We don't even have a pet!
358. Have 5 tanks, so it holds up well to a lot of use.  Works well in both sand and gravel.
359. Great scale for the price! In stores they want twice as much for a cheaper looking scale... Corners are a little sharp so it's nice if you have somewhere to put it out of the way!
360. So much cheaper than the stores and just as good. Super quick shipping, will buy them again when needed.
361. as advertised
362. Great feeling to please
363. Purchased on recommendation from my physical therapist.  This is a great product to align my body when sitting in the car.  Great support, size and quality!
364. I will be putting this in one of my diffusers tomorrow. It smells good. I have a nice collection of oils and this makes a great addition.
365. not sure it is stainless  or stainless plated- it is awfully light, and the face is much darker than in the picture; fyi - doesn't come with a battery
366. A classic formula for treating damp heat.
367. Great quality and inexpensive
368. Really handy and it did work at Paris, UK&I.. I would give 5 stars but the sender me the incorrect coulor
369. Exactly what I was looking for. Just wish it were bigger.  Works great with oil and easy to hold when doing someone's back.
370. This really needs a sealing water tight seal! The whitening gel is WAY overprices when baking soda and peroxide work just as well. But, I still recommend this product for the blue light IF one is very careful not to get it wet at all.
371. Soap and probiotics soothe my skin after shaving
372. We're very pleased with this scale. Roomy platform, easy to read, sturdy. The one we received is solid white, not the color pictured.
373. This gadget is awesome.  Minimal effort to get smooth feet.  Love it.
374. Used this to make bubble bars i had no issues worked as expected shipped quickly
375. great- do the job for decorations or presents
376. Represent real Christmas tree even if I have  fake
377. Didn't work for me especially when on my feet 12 hrs. Nothing really works for pf
378. I have a military back injury and this item worked and helped the pain, but after wasting my time and money getting 2 of them,  one originally, the other a replacement, they both stopped working and when they did work only 30 minutes at a time which was not very useful thanks for nothing this was a  bad product11
379. Works great on sensitive teeth, has reduced tartar buildup, superior quality, really holds a charge, hard travel case an awesome bonus.
380. On antibiotics which just destroyed my gut bacteria...this fixed it. The name sucks but the product is good.
381. First off, I regularly use the manual foot files and I usually don't get the results I am looking for no matter what brand I use.  My feet get pretty dry and if I get lazy and don't take of my feet regularly, then I have to work extra hard to get my desired smoothness.  That being said, I didn't file my feet at all while I was waiting for this to arrive in the mail because I wanted to see how it worked on not already smooth feet.  I used it for about 10 minutes or so and my feet looked great.  I didn't have to apply much pressure at all and it easily and effortlessly took off the dead skin and left me with smooth, healthy feet.  The handle is very comfortable to hold while using the callus remover and it comes with a small brush to keep your tool clean.  It small enough that it stores easily without taking up much room.  Great product, especially for the price.  I will absolutely continue to use this a regular part of my beauty routine.
382. I was thrilled to discover a highly effective weed-killing product that is not only good for the environment, but also relatively non-harmful (it IS acidic after all; you don't want it to touch your bare skin).  The price was great -- better than Lowe's or Home Depot -- and it worked within HOURS of spraying on unwanted plants.  I saved money buying it in bulk rather than just one jug.  It does not take a lot of product to get the results that you want; a lil' dab'll do ya'!  You can spray it both ON the plant as well as the roots.  It works well both ways.A word [or few] of caution when using 30% vinegar:1)  ONLY spray it where you want it to go; it WILL kill plants you don't want to kill if you spray it indiscriminately.  I recommend getting a spray pump or bottle that you can direct directly to where you want it to go;2) Wear leather gloves and avoid skin contact.  If it does come in contact with your skin, rinse vigorously in cool water for 15 min to fully remove.  It is acidic and can cause a chemical burn if not used properly;3) Avoid inhaling the vinegar fumes; it may cause mild respiratory irritation for some people prone to that; overall, however, it is not dangerous like other weed-killers out there such as R0undUp.4) Be patient.  It works and works well!You will not be disappointed with the results!  I would DEFINITELY buy this again.  :-)
383. Fit great
384. This brush had my face feeling so clean and my pores were smaller!!!!! Unfortunately my kids got to it and destroyed it so I’ll be buying another one soon! Note to self: keep out of reach if children!
385. Helps my pain and my husbands
386. Bought these files as a birthday present for a friend. They come in a nice, black velvet sleeve. I like having a small and large file.  They are very pretty with the colored glass.
387. Very useful
388. This is a Christmas gift for my Granddaughter....of course she has not used it yet, but,  It looks beautiful and I believe she will love it.
389. I ordered and quickly received the Copper Knee Sleeve - Knee Brace - Great For Running, Basketball, Cross fit, Comfortable Compression and Supportive Knee Sleeve - Helps Surgery Recovery - Prevent Knee Injury - Large.  These two (2) Copper Knee sleeves come packaged in a sealed clear plastic container with a label on the front.  This package features: Includes 2 Copper Care compression support system knee sleeves; and is designed to support minor to moderate sprains, muscle strains and sore joints; offers Antimicrobial technology helps to reduce odor causing bacteria, Quick drying, moisture-wicking design; Anatomical fit elastic strip upper and lower leg for constant comfortable compression; offers a Unique, lightweight knitted copper infused material design allows superior stretch and comfort also, provides optimal fit while keeping your performance at a high level; and helps stimulate blood flow to aid in recovery and removal of lactic acid *Copper compression provides mild support to joint.  These fit me very well and keep there shape.  The cheaper ones I have bought in the past stretch out after only wearing them a few times.  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
390. This item arrived on time and everything seems to be intact. The lid was a little hard to get off though. Trying to get a grip on the lid to unscrew it was a pain, I needed to get my rubber gripper out.
391. Yeah it works. Not much to it, I enjoy it; and it’s actually kind of soothing.Good price, easy to clean. You get 2
392. We love these fruit chews, they are the BEST!!
393. I have an arthritic neck and muscle; tension which cause me great discomfort, to the point that it affects my appetite, make me dizzy and so miserable I don't feel like doing anything that requires movement, especially walking.  This neck warmer is almost perfect for me.  I heat it in the microwave oven for 2 12 minutes, it heats evenly, the clay beads retain the heat long enough that I can fall asleep and wake up feeling fine.  My only suggest9on:  make the back  wider, so it reaches better those muscles between the shoulder blades.
394. Works wonders on the drain.
395. I carry this around with me all the time. It is set up to my stride, lets me know when I've reached my daily goal, how many calories burned and keeps a 7 day record. It's also extremely accurate.
396. I love these gummies and they are yummy
397. Too firm.
398. I’ve had great luck with red light therapy for both wounds and aches and pains. This is easy to set up and use and does a great job. If you haven’t looked into red light therapy, you should. I won’t go into the science since I’m not sure exactly what’s been proven and what’s been theorized but I know it works for me. I like the durability of this unit and its easy to use. I can’t swear to the effectiveness of what it works on beneath the surface but I do know if helps cuts and bruises heal much more quickly so I’ll continue to use it. This is a great until. A decent size and I can leave it set up. I do know that you have to be really close to get the full effect so if you’ve tried it without success, maybe move closer?
399. These are not really a substitute for a pad, but if you have lighter days with very little flow, these are perfect liners. They also work great if you have a cup or tampon but sometimes get some leaks. Reusable and washable, these are so much friendlier for the environment than disposable liners, so I highly recommend them for that.
400. These loofahs are quite soft and durable bath sponge. Material feels luxury and soft to the touch yet still foams and cleans well, not itchy or scratchy. I noticed that these do not become loose with just after one wash like others which I bought from my local stores. I dont like that there Is just one color to choose. this sponge won't expand or torn apart so quickly after few washes. I like that they came packed in such a lovely way - a set of three in a zipper pouch ... good gift idea 🤔Hmmm may be next time for someone.. they also come with a suction holder which is great to hang these loofah after wash..The only thing I wish it is the colors - they could have add multiple colors instead of just one. they have nice exfoliating material  and produces good amounts of lather as well and holds too. These are not too dense or thick as to take for ever as most loofahs do to rinse off the left lather after washing...
401. This product is pretty good so far. I don't mind the taste at all. It makes my teeth feel clean after I use it. As far as whitening, we'll see in time!
402. If you want a product that makes your face vibrate and still keeps your teeth dirty, this is the product for you! I tried moving it around in my mouth and it just tore my entire mouth apart. Not to mention it’s hard to even clean this product. I’ve had better luck with a 1 dollar toothbrush from a gas station than this.
403. I would purchase again!
404. I purchased this for my desk chair and it raised it up so high I could not sit in the chair comfortably.  I did not return it, but I do not use it.
405. The product is exactly as described.  It is perfect for the size of my hand and the right amount of sponge to give me the results i am looking for.
406. To small to use the elastic band doesn't stretch to get around your waist and if your short like me the middle part is to wide. I tried to use it once but was unable to even use it the whole day because it wouldn't stay on.
407. I don't like them and very tricky to use it.
408. We purchased cat base because of the recommendations online. We saw no difference in where the cats came on our property or did not come on our property. We sprayed according to directions we even bought more bottles making sure that we were doing it correctly. Nothing . An expensive nothing
409. I really do think that this is a good product for joint health.  I've been taking glucosamine and chondroitin in pill form for several years and so far my joints have been very healthy.  I don't much like swallowing pills so when I can find a supplement in a gummy or liquid form I like to try them out.  That said, this stuff tastes awful.  It's really hard for me to swallow it down and I will have to mix it up with something the mask it's flavor.
410. Great tree skirt here.  I've gone through several in the past few years that were flimsy and cheap.  This one is beautiful and fluffy and just isn't your normal red ugly tree skirt.  It's also a good size.  The velcro tabs underneath also help latch the skirt together and keep the skirt together making it look like it's one solid piece.  I highly recommend.
411. Wow this was waaaay smaller than I thought it would be. I'm very smol, and yet this is still too small for me. Maybe this would work as a back washer for a child under 10, but not sure how exactly to use this when at a general size of an adult. My back gets itchy, and I figured that meant I should probably wash it better or something, so I was looking for something to help with that. This doesn't cover enough ground (due to small size) to really work as a way to wash my back. However, when it's dry the roughness of the loofa part comes in handy as a back scratcher when needing to itch specific small areas of my back lol. But sadly I'm still looking for something that will actually help wash my back.
412. This is A lot more practical than I expected it to be. Great reminder
413. They are bigger than I realized ! But will make do !
414. I really like these only wish some were a little smaller to fit my skinner metal straws, other than that they a great. Very pleased with this purchase.
415. Use WEN products.  Not a fan of the almond mint so I try different fragrances when available.
416. I was leery about buying this only because I’ve been drinking plain celery juice for over a year now, but this taste amazing! It’s surprisingly sweet, easy to mix with no gritty taste. Im hoping the benefits are just as good or better than plain celery powder.  I’m a fan & will purchase more. Fast shipping too! Thank you.
417. Find these do a great job in soap scum in the shower.  Wish they were more durable
418. These stain removers have been a lifesaver!  We keep one in our daughter's room and one downstairs where we spend most of our time. Just spritz the stain and wash whenever you have enough for a load and the stain comes right out!
419. Good scissors
420. Best investment ever.  Large and soft enough to wrap around smaller parts of body.  Stays cold for a long time.  Love it.
421. WORTH IT.
422. This number four was a perfect option for my grandsons 4th bday party. The color was perfect for his dinosaur theme. I will definitely purchase more numbers and letters in all the colors. Thank you!!
423. I have used this product for the last 15 years. I mix 1 tsp with my fiber 2x daily for nutrients I may miss in food intake. Very pleased with this product.
424. Does what it says, My only complaint is it is not as accurate as syringe method. If you need exact amounts like I do, find something else.
425. Cheap flimsy plastic. I threw them away.
426. These Aneercare washable menstrual pads are okay overall. I haven’t tried any other reusable pads like this so I can’t compare. So far I have used them as a pad after the 1st and 2nd day of my cycle when it is lighter. I was too nervous to use when I first started this month because I had to work all 16 hours t and didn’t want to risk having a huge mess on my hands. I find them to be comfortable and and they don’t make any crinkly noise while wearing. They have washed well so far. I always do a nice hand wash before putting in the washing machine.  I dried them also and wonder if the plastics button will warp eventually
427. From the picture, I thought it would fit just about any bathtub faucet.  It didn't fit mine at all and I can't return it.  Disappointed.
428. high quality
429. These are very convenient, and good products.
430. This product is relaxing.  It is a little expensive, but it's nice and soothing.  It's made in the USA.I would buy this product again.
431. Works great  no issues
432. I love this dryer. It's light weight and doesn't fold up like some others. The diffuser screws onto the end of the dryer but it falls off fairly easily. You can screw all day long and it doesn't get any tighter. Otherwise I really like it.UPDATE: my husband used husband glue (i.e. not hot glue)  and glued the diffuser to the dryer. It has a very slim lip for the diffuser to attach and it's not nearly enough to keep it together.I also own the Xtavia dryer with the black orchid  diffuser,  so I can use that if needed. (But it weighs a ton and makes my arms tired).But I really like this lightweight dryer. Fix the way the diffuser attaches and make the cold shot button a click on instead of using a thumb held button and it's a success. Also, one more thing. The highest hot on this dryer can fry pancakes. Seriously, lower it a little. It's unusable as is.
433. Who knew Mr Clean could clean up everything!
434. They come in a bag and the case, very pleased
435. I ordered this set of Pill Case - 2 Pack Portable Travel Medicine and Vitamins Organizers. for review as my wife travels for work.  They are very well made.  The purple and pink are very pretty light colors.  It is compact enough to throw into her carry on bag or purse.  The main downfall to this case is that because it is compact 4 of the slots are 12 slots and don't always hold a full days supplements.  The compartments each have their own lids, which snap down tightly.  This is a plus in my book, because some of the compact pill carriers we have used,  are at times segmented but only have one snap lid over all the compartments.  Making it difficult to just get one day's dose from them.  My wife will have to take both of these when she travels in order to hold both her night and morning medications and supplements.  Overall, well made, just a little too compact for my wife.  Which may not be a bad thing for others.
436. This is perfect size for my purse.  Opens and closes easily and it's easy to spot in your bag.
437. I didn't really see any difference when I was taking these. I was hoping I would actually see a difference, but I still had low milk production.
438. I've had severe shoulder and arm pain for about 6 months.  This gel eliminated this pain with 2 or 3 applications. WOW!!!
439. Chemotherapy back in 2012 really messed up the nervous system of my intestines, so they need a daily stimulant and this magnesium works better than anything else
440. These bamboo toothbrushes are nice for the price. This multipack includes both adults and children’s sizes in different color bristles.There is nothing extraordinary about these, however the price is good and they are 💯 biodegradable which is better for the environment.They work just as a toothbrush should. The firmness of the bristles feel medium, not too soft.. yet not too hard.
441. Very heavy ackward set up used once stuck it in drawer
442. This is a pretty nice Vanilla fragrance oil. It is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. There's no such thing as vanilla essential oil. In the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. The price is also an indicator that this is not a vanilla absolute, which costs many times the cost of this bottle.This Vanilla fragrance oil smells like a Vanilla with a sugary hint. It is a rather nice smelling fragrance oil and works pretty much like essential oil, as far as diffusing, DIY air fresheners, wax melts, and candles. I would not use this to make any kind of lip balms or anything to actually go on the skin, like lotions, since this is made with chemicals.Otherwise, it smells very nice and I would recommend it as a great fragrance oil.
443. I love most all the julian bars but this bar was so awful. Way too sweet, made me feel absolutely nauseous after one bite. Terrible....
444. Good experience with the brand for glandular care. This thyroid supplement appears new to the Nuven Natural line-up as it hasn't made its website yet—high expectations.
445. No influences were found.
446. ICan Icelandic Cod Liver is a good way to get nutrition and it is delicious.
447. I've heard a lot about the benefits of apple cider vinegar so I decided to give these a try. They taste good and are very easy to chew. I haven't noticed any ill effects from taking them, and they do seem to help suppress appetite (not majorly so, but less cravings). However, these gummies are very tacky to the touch and very difficult to get out of the bottle as they stick together and are very soft. I've tried hitting it against something to try to shake them out, but that doesn't work very well. Digging them out can present a challenge since they're so soft.
448. These toothbrush heads are aimed at kids, so the lower quality bristles may not bother a kid who generally has healthy teeth and gums. For an adult with a smaller mouth and wanted these because they seemed to offer more precise brushing, I was disappointed. The bristles are less flexible than the real Sonicare brushes and I could only tolerate brushing with these for a few minutes before giving up and going back to my regular Sonicare. They cost more but the feel is better, whereas the bristles are more rigid and grating on my sensitive teeth and gums.
449. As expected.
450. I am in search of a stevia sweetened gum to avoid sugar and artificial sweetners, so why are they putting maltitol in this?????? Sort of defeats the whole purpose.
451. The nose area is firmly formed and doesn't fit my face. If I put the mask on with the eye pieces set comfortably on my face then I get a lot of light leakage. If I get the nose section laying flat the eye pads are practically on my eyeballs. I can't blink without my eyelashes annoyingly rubbing against the eye pads. Poorly designed, poorly fitting.
452. Work well and good price
453. Looks like the picture.
454. I like the overall size of this scrubber, both in terms of the handle length and the size of the pads. The handle is large enough to allow for a good grip, and the scrubbers are small enough to get into corners while still decently sized for larger surfaces. It is also pretty comprehensive, including both scrubber attachments as well as a bristle attachment.Unfortunately, everything else about this set is not good. The bristle attachment arrived with all the bristles bent and folded, probably due to the fact that the items are all loose in a box. The bristles never returned to the proper shape after a few days, so the bent areas are permanent, making it hard to use. The handle leaked right from the start -- all the soap emptied out overnight, wasting soap and making a mess. The pads are of poor quality and fall apart after very little use. Worst of all, the handle area where the pads fit cracked, so pads will no longer stay in place. And all this was within 3 days of use.While the overall size and shape merits a good rating, the very poor quality, especially given the price, puts my rating at 2 stars. This is not a scrubber I would recommend.
455. This toner feels light going on but it provides deep hydration.  I have combination sensitive skin and it doesn't leave me skin overly shiny. It doesn't cause any redness, irritation or sensitivity. It leaves my skin feeling soft and well hydrated.
456. One of my favorite fairy babies. so adorable.
457. best microwave steamer bags, best price.
458. Great for tiny spots.
459. 2nd one I bought, the first was wider at the head.  This one seems a little harder on my head when brushing but it works
460. Since I noticed so many people leaving five-star reviews for a discount *before even receiving the items,* I thought it would be good to be particularly thorough with my review. I've purchased several sets of glass roll on bottles from Amazon.  One of the first things to look for in the colored bottles is that the color is from the glass and not paint which may get eaten away by essential oils.  And on that front these are winners.Other than that, the key thing I focus on are the roller ball mechanisms.  I've had some really bad experiences with the roller ball mechanisms from roll on bottles purchased on Amazon. Often some of the rollers are rather loose, and then within a period of use (sometimes upon the first use!) the ball falls out.  The roll on is then useless, as the plastic is too stretched out to receive the ball back.  There is a popular aromatherapy group that regularly recommends a cheap roll on bottle brand on amazon, and I can only imagine the aromatherapist in charge is getting a cut, as those particular roll ons have many duds.Anyhow, as someone who sometimes sells roll on products on Etsy, I was curious as to how these bottles would compare to past duds.  Although 6 tops is not much to go on (sometimes it is only 1 out of 8 that is defective in a batch and sometimes more like 1 in 4, but either way, that matters a lot when you are gifting or selling roll on blends), all of these tops have roll on mechanisms that are not loose.  So as far as I can tell, should that experience remain consistent across the batches, these are the best roll ons I have come across on Amazon.Now for the less good part: Companies like Plant Therapy (for small quantities) and SKS bottles (for those who buy mass quantities) have roll on mechanisms that are more substantive--where the part that holds the ball comes up a bit higher and curves around the ball slightly.  I find those to be the most reliable, even lasting through multiple refillings.  With holders that are not as high on the ball, often times even roller balls that seem to have a tight fit in the socket quickly come loose. Only time will tell how the Pure Acres Farm roll ons fare, but the design is not as good as those companies.I received these bottles at a discount in exchange for my review.  Unlike other companies I have reviewed for, the way this company worded their offer made it *sound like* the discount could be received in exchange for a five star review; I noticed that many people reviewed the bottles with five stars *even before receiving them* on this basis, and that disturbed me.  That is not how reviewing for discount usually works.  I feel that people looking to buy these bottles need to realize that the review numbers are greatly inflated.I always provide unbiased reviews, regardless of the reviewing discount, but in my opinion, unbiased reviews should have been specifically solicited, as is common among companies soliciting reviews.  Also, I had to use a relative's account because they did not specify that you needed Prime to receive your discount until after your application to review had been approved.  This also has not been my experience with other companies that I review.  So those are a couple of tips for the company if less so for those interested in the bottles themselves.
461. Perfect for double checking my line ups at the shop. With this comb, my clients leave more confidence and helps me assure they have a fresh cut. The Flat top comb was good edition although i have plenty. The Rhinocomb is also heat resistant so you can be sure it wont melt if you use any sort of hot tools. We also use this comb for permanent tattoos in eyebrows as well. The yellow tab is removable so you can freely use it as a ruler but the yellow tab helps a lot when comparing two sides. My designs also come out much more even and I highly recommend this to any barber or stylist!
462. These are ok although my daughter hasnt shown much interest in them. They also seem to be a bit of a hazard once shes walking and could fall with this in her mouth.
463. My wife was advised by her doctor to buy Pedifix Toe Straightener as she has a bunion and hammer toe.  Her toe next to her big toe sticks up and goes over her big toe and it's impossible to wear shoes.  If she hadn't heard about Pedifix Toe Straightener she would have had to have an operation.  She is able to wear shoes as the Pedifix Toe Straightener keeps her smaller toe in place.
464. Great transaction and product..would buy again.
465. Since salons are closed due to Covid 19 my boyfriend couldn’t get his hair buzzed anymore. I offered to buzz it for him but knew I needed an affordable razor designed for the bald head look. We are both so impressed with this little razor. It never once nicked him. He was very pleased with the end result & I’m going to continue doing this weekly for him. The razor kept its charge & no complaints at all.
466. This is great powder! It is my favorite. My boys use it to powder inside their pants for sports so they don't chafe. It is slightly pink in color because of the calamine, and can stain white undies with a pink tint. But this stuff works really well. It is also great at preventing heat rash.
467. I was a bit skeptical of the 'one size fits all' claim, but I thought I would try.  Lets start by saying that I am 5'6" and wear a size 12.  I have long legs and more of a tummy than a butt issue.  I expected these to be a bit of a challenge to put on and I was right - it was like putting on pantyhose.  I did not these on, and I was impressed that the waist actually did reach my waist, and even slightly above.  I was even more impressed when I moved around and discovered that these did not even attempt to slide down.  The over all fit was, well let's just say 'snug'.  The only way I'd consider wearing these out of the house would be with a long, loose tunic (about like the mini dresses I wore as a teenager).  These leggings looked as though they had been spray painted on.These are nice leggings, although the fleece is not particularly fleece-y or thick, and appear to be well made out of quality material.  I would recommend these for somebody a size 10 or less.
468. This is a very attractive hand carved beech wood spoon in natural oil finish. The shape and size of this spoon reminds me of the soup spoons at Asian restaurants, and it could be used for that. It has a notch carved into the back of the handle that would allow it to hook onto the bowl's rim so it couldn't slide down into the soup.  I'd need a few more of these to make a set of soup spoons though so I wasn't the only one with the pretty wooden spoon.This spoon is also just perfect for stirring sauces or puddings in the 2 quart sauce pan. The shape of the spoons deep bowl would allow it to reach deeply into the pot to scoop sauce or pudding up, swirl it to the side, and fully stir it all up. I could see me making Hollandaise sauce using this spoon, and once I was finished making it, I could use the spoon to ladle it over the poached eggs.  It would also be perfect as a serving spoon, showcased on the table or buffet to serve sauces or dip with. This beautiful little 8&#34; spoon is hand carved, so I felt every aspect of the spoon and didn't feel a single rough place. I'm very pleased with the quality and the appearance of this spoon. Be sure to hand wash it only and it should last a long time.Retail sample provided at a reduced price for evaluation and review purposes
469. The mushrooms used in this blend offer a lot of health benefits but I selected it for review mainly for the Chaga mushroom content.  Chaga mushroom chunks and powder is very expensive but it has an absolutely amazing anti-viral capacity.  It's very potent and mixed with these other excellent mushroom powders makes a very good supplement.
470. I am in lust with the pumpkin balm, it is not overly sweet smellingtasting.  the candy cane balm is yummy as well.  I have a bad habit of picking at my lips and these balms have put an end to it.  my lips have never been so smooth!
471. Warning, this particular flavor does not taste anywhere NEAR as good as the wild cherry and in fact can cause major nausea and the need to strangle a cat. Of course, that's not scientific proof, it's just my opinion. Please by the wild cherry flavor ( Link below) as this flavor is inhumane.
472. I love them! Very decent amount and size. Very good for energy healing work.
473. Wife bought it.  Pointless.
474. So happy with these napkins. A bit pricey, so I only use for company. People definitely notice that these aren't ordinary napkins.
475. This gives me the energy I need but the taste isn’t that great, kinda like surgery chemicals. I use this before weight training and light cardio. It mixes ok.
476. Mom swears by this for keeping hearing aids comfortable.  Ordered it for her as a gift.
477. I am quite impressed with this toy, it's flashing light and chirping sound caught my cats attention right away.  Unfortunately it also attracted my labterrier dog whose interest rather intimidated my cat.  I will introduce this to my cat again when the dog is busy elsewhere.  Others have expressed concern about the size of the ball, but my senior tom cat (9 pounds) had no problem smacking this ball across the floor before the dog pounced on it.The ball comes with additional batteries (to operate the chirping and lights) and a small tool needed to open the battery compartment which shows a great attention to detail on the part of this company.
478. So far so good.  At first I had a little trouble getting it to know I am a woman so the fat percent was off, but I got that squared away and I love my Fitbit Aria!  The accompanying food and activity log is very useful and easy to work with.
479. I liked the looks and works fine.  Easy to read display.  But I have an Update, It stoped working after 13 months displaying an Err message or erratic weight.  Placed New Batteries,  same result.  Can't find the warranty procedure on amazon.
480. I tried these for 2 weeks, one per day.  I've been taking Kirkland Stool Softeners daily for 3 years and they work OK but wanted something a little stronger for my  constipation.  Major Dok 250mg softgels gave me cramps and runny stools.  I am headed back to Kirkland.
481. There are three salt-infused 4-ply disposable face masks in this package at the current price of $9.49 and that is extremely expensive at $3.16 per disposable mask.These 4-ply masks look and feel like every other disposable blue mask I have tried previously and they supposedly work better due to the extra ply and the grains of Croatian sea salt.There is wire along the nose area so that I can mold this to my face. The pleats allow me to expand this until it is relatively snug under my chin and along the sides. The ear elastics fit nicely over my ears. Overall, these are comfortable for me. I personally notice no difference other than the mask is slightly thicker. I can only assume this is more protective.
482. the bags are sturdy but the paper was very very thin
483. This set is compact and comes with a bunch of healing crystal stones in an orange box. You get a couple of stones which have been polished into the shape of hearts, which makes it a nice Valentine's Day type of thing. It comes with a stone bracelet and a small "tree" made out of wire and stones.It's decent quality, but then you can't go wrong with stones. The reason I'm giving it a lesser rating is because the box is marked "Thank You" which severely limits its usefulness as a gift. The "thank you" makes it sound like the gift is a customer appreciation gift, thus a freebie or giveaway. I suppose you could also use it to thank someone, but the poor quality printing on the box has a cheesy quality that makes me think it's cheap, and I wouldn't want to gift it to someone like this.However, you could transfer the items into a nicer gift box with better English. So for the items themselves, the quality is decent but the box is meh.
484. Much better than straight stevia. I used to like Truvia but then read that they used GM ingredients. I was lost until I found this Trim Healthy Mama blend. This certainly will make a difference and wean me off honey as my preferred sweetener.
485. These work great!
486. I was so looking forward to this foot soak, but it failed to deliver. It seems to me I may have just gotten a defective product. It is super oilyliquid-y instead of dry salt. It is almost as if the machine adding the ingredients to the bag malfunctioned and added 1 cup of oil instead of 1 tbsp. Also, it isn’t 16 oz like it says on the listing. The item I received was much lighter and smaller which also might be tied to the defective mixture. On the bright side, the scent is powerful and lovely.
487. Used for a few years but I switched to a new product
488. I broke 3 in a row, tossed them away
489. I would have given this 5 stars as joy dish soap is excellent however it’s not the ultra version as stated
490. Does exactly what I bought it for. Works great, keeps the gin rummy mess in place and the ability to spin makes it easier for the whole table to reach.
491. Great deal for the price
492. Lots of neck pain is eased with this friend.
493. My wife's old scrubber had worn out.  She loves these and said, "My feet say thank you."
494. I think it's salter then most drink bases. I drank some of it before going to bed and had to wake for 3 glasses of water due to dry mouth.
495. Decent socks, surprisingly so, and they look good in the process.
496. I love this brand! I ordered several of the hair styling products and this company is amazing! The quality is outstanding and the performance is even better! The active performance gel is is really easy to apply. It is a blue gel, smells amazing, and is pretty thick. I use it to help tame my frizz with my long wavy hair. I apply it after I get out of the shower to help with the frizz when drying and to maximize my curls and it keep s the hold all day. The gel is pretty thick when applying and goes a long way so this product will definitely last a long time and I have very long hair. I did receive this product at a discounted rate to provide to the public my honest and unbiased review.
497. great price for so many items
498. Super effective and great tasting.
499. This is a nice basic sound machine. I have used sound machines for years now to aid in getting a quality night's sleep. I have been using Alexa for the past year or so for my sound machine, so I was actually looking for a machine I could take with me when I travel. This is really nice, super compact and can go everywhere. My deduction of a star is only because of the loop, I can her it when the system reaches it's 90 second interval. However, once I am asleep it is barely noticeable and has not disturbed my travel sleep. I will keep this is my overnight bag and will continue to use it when away from home.
500. Great taste. Very easy to make. Great pre workout supplement. My new favorite. I didnt really like chocolate or vanilla flavors but green apple is amazing.
501. Got this to wear when must be outside my bubble. Hope it is working to keep virus at bay. Who knows !
502. The temple width is about 5 38 inches.  So for people with large heads (like mine) rejoice.  I am tired of getting the Dollar Store readers so my hope is these will last much longer.  The spring temples are perfect.
503. I love fresh wheatgrass juice.  Sometimes, however, I can not get the wheatgrass so I am limited to what I can find that is available like this.  Let's take a look.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This is a WHEATGRASS JUICE powder.  That is important because you are not getting all of the fiber like wheatgrass powder has which tastes awful.  It is a bright green and needs to be kept sealed in the foil bag it came in.HOW TO USE IT?I have found the best way to use wheatgrass is alone.  In absolute dire necessity fresh apple juice will go with it, but anything else tends to give an upset stomach.  I put a tsp of powder in a small glass of water, put it in my tiny cordless blender, blend it up and drink it.HOW DOES IT TASTE?As much as I prefer fresh wheatgrass juice, this is a decent substitute.  I did not find it repulsive or difficult to drink and it is a pretty green color too.  Some might find the flavor a bit over whelming, but I like it.DOES IT HELP?Believe it or not, it does help some.  Not as much as fresh juice, but it still does perk me up a bit.OTHER USE?I use a tiny bit of juice in our cat's homemade food on the winter time.  That way she is getting some greens but not in an overwhelming amount.  She loves it.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is a great way to get wheatgrass juice if you don't have any way to get fresh.  It should be kept sealed and consumed regularly until gone and kept in the refrigerator once opened to keep it fresher.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I am glad to have this and am surprised at how good it is compared to others I have had which I did not like.  I would buy it again.
504. I have used this for almost 10 years and don't sleep without it. Great white noise machine. I travel with it, would definitely recommend.
505. Was looking for a powder that didn't smell like a baby or medicated. My husband likes this powder. It's a little on the expensive side though so not sure if he will continue to buy this.
506. Perfect little cake plates for any party. Guests got a kick out of them.
507. I really love this product and I'm glad I bought it.  It makes your eyelashes look so good.
508. Very sparkly.
509. Good quality for the price
510. I purchased HCL because it’s supposed to be a lot gentler on your stomach. However this is not at all gentle on the stomach. I’m 7 days in with it and it still gives me cramps and the runs. Hopefully it will get better in the next few days. I have seen quicker recovery and less soreness from workouts though, especially legs.
511. When I first started using Japanese organic for wicking RDAs, it was a premium material, now it got cheaper and that's one of the only things that has in the vape industry
512. This has to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever bought!
513. Gets rid of the bulk before i straighten it :) Much better than the first one I bought.. it didnt work at all... and those people sent me a faulty product. But with this i got what i expected. I have super thick curly hair btw.
514. The earrings and rings I received today were absolutely &#34;horrible&#34;! The earrings are the size of a bracelet and the quality is horrific made of the worst materials. The rings were cheap and very gaudy my grandmothers rings are better than this! I just requested a return! Oh God help me what a mistake!
515. Nice and comfy.  Definitely serves the purpose well.
516. This is the second time am buying this product and it works. I've definitely seen an increase in my supply
517. A serious bout of food poisoning left my digestive system super sensitive. I found relief by regular supplementation of probioitics and digestive enzymes. This probiotic is made by a reliable company. Dosage is one a day. The capsules are easy to swallow. I have suffered no ill effects from use. Ultimately my digestive system will let me know if something does not agree and so far this supplement has maintained a healthy state. works for me.
518. Definitely keeps my glasses from slipping, now if I can just remember to use it daily.
519. This filter has about 12 the pleats of prior filters I've used.  With fewer pleats there is less surface area for filtering so I suspect it will get dirtier sooner and I will have to change filters more frequently. Also, I have no idea how that affects performance. Maybe I should have looked at the picture more carefully because it is an adequate reflection of number of pleats though spacing it not as uniform. This filter was in a nondescript box with the filter itself covered in plain plastic.  There wasn't any info on manufacturer or Merv rating. Maybe contractors are their most likely consumer?  I would feel more comfortable being able to read about the product.
520. I bought these to surprise my coworkers with treats on Halloween. They were super easy to put together and the candy and brownies fit nicely in them.
521. I have had this item for a year. It is the perfect firmness for the brushes. I get that great tingling feeling of blood rushing before I jump in the shower. I spray it with rubbing alcoholvinegar mix to keep it clean and keep it under my bathroom sink. I like that the head doesn’t detach and I can do my dry brushing in 5min. Super easy and well made!
522. My kids asked me to buy this and I am pleasantly surprised at how well it works!  You position it over your bug bite, pull the plunger a few times and allow it to "suck" the bite and then presto, the itch is gone!
523. It appears to be a ceramic mug, and says nothing otherwise in the general description, but if you read the fine print description further down, you will read that it is only plastic. A rather high price for a cheapo plastic coffee mug. We sent it as a gift for a family member with shaking hands, but wish now we had seen it first.
524. I got two, for myself and my wife. She stopped using hers after a month or so because it made her neck pain worse, I stopped a few months later. It seemed great at first, keeping my head and neck aligned. But after a while, I started waking up with neck pain, which is unusual for me. It felt to me like the pillow got firmer instead of softer with use. So I tried a different pillow and found the neck pain disappeared, pretty much overnight. It's a great idea. We're all different. This pillow may work for others, just not for me. I gave an extra star for customer service trying to make it right. I would buy from them again, just not this particular product.
525. As a frequent traveler who is always on-the-go, these are often a lifesaver for a quick cleanse. I discovered them when they were the Unisex "Sofie's Secret" which is now the "female" version (as opposed to the male version which is the "Titan" wipes). I think the name must have put a few guys off, even though as far as I can tell the only difference is the female version has a mild citrus scent and the male version has a slightly spicy cinnamon and citrus scent. In any case, if you are always on the go and need body wipes because you can't grab a quick shower, these are the product you want to buy. Multiple baby wipes just won't cut it. I guess now that they have the marketing split between guys and gals wipes, that the guys don't have to feel bashful using them now that they are packaged like something out of a military MRE.
526. I like this compression wrist sleeve.  I ordered a medium which is my normal size.  The wrist sleeve seems like it runs a little large.  It's not so large that I am sending it back.
527. This was a gift and she is very happy with it.
528. Great for picnics. Arrived quickly
529. Hand slips on pointed end. Not for thick nails! Nail guard near clipper doesn't allow full nail inside to clip. Catcher doesn't keep clipped pieces inside, they fall out. Clips are rough, jagged, not clean cut edges. Absolutely returned for refund.Sorely disappointed with this item.
530. My husband likes the zippered compression socks.  They are comfortable and easy to put on and off with the zipper.
531. I had wanted this product to get a convenient way to get some sort of "wheat grass shot" into me, on a frequent basis. I was surprised by the bland (almost "watery") taste of it, which leads me to question its nutritional potency.  It seems to me that it should really taste more green, and not all that different from drinking a real wheat grass shot (as created from freshly juiced beneficial grass!)  Also, the amount of foam that gets generated when using a shaker bottle, with a wire whisk, to mix it with water is enormous, adding complications and inconvenience in using it.  I find that an aggravating annoyance.
532. I love taking long soaks weekly with salts.  Great for the circulation, body aches and mind.  This is a different combination.  I'm used to essential oils, but expect a stronger scent.  Not bad.  Overall, it was soothing.
533. I recommend buying these for your little one. My son is 5 & he loves these mask, they are his favorite. They are really nice material, do not easily wrip and they are actually a nice thick fabric but you can still breathe in them and they do not feel cheap! I would buy again if needed.
534. TYPLASTICS Trash Can Liner - 7 - 10 Gallon  25 - 30 Liter - For Commercial and Home Use - Office Bathroom Wastebasket - 24" X 24" (Clear, 200 Count)... These seem okay. I shook out one and it didn't tear, so that means they're better than the dollar store. I'm not sure how sturdy they are, but I'll probably mostly use them for recycling since they're too sheer for bathroom trash and too small and thin for the kitchen. I wish they at least had a tint to them, because then I would use them for the bathroom and also for large gifts with some pretty ribbon -- maybe that idea will still work?
535. Very moisturizing. Even better if someone will give you a foot rub! I would buy it again.
536. I use this scale for everything - not just food. Very accurate and versatile.
537. I’ve been making my own laundry detergent for years, and the base of that detergent is washing soda and borax. This order comes with 5 pounds of each, packaged in plastic bags with resealable zip tops and a plastic scoop in each bag for measuring.The products are good, seem comparable to what I usually buy at the grocery store. My only issue is the plastic. What I usually buy comes in cardboard boxes. Since I make a lot of detergent at one time, the boxes are emptied and discarded. For me, having a resealable bag isn’t necessary. It’s also not necessary I get a plastic scoop in each bag. I use measuring cups; don’t need a scoop. I’m trying to make an effort to cut down on the amount of plastic I bring into the house, so would prefer to see this packaged in cardboard.Otherwise, I’m very happy with the quality of the product.
538. This was perfect for my big first aid kit.The Velcro compartmentalization is perfect for modularizing my different ABC first aid options.
539. Fiberlock - Aftershock - EPA Registered Fungicidal Coating - 1 Gallon - 8390I'm an environmental consultant.  One of the things we do is indoor air quality investigations, including cases of water damage and mold growth.Our top independent mold abatement contractors use AfterShock.  If it's good enough for them (their reputation depends upon eliminating the mold permanently), then it's good enough for me.Remove any deteriorated building materials first, and then thoroughly disinfect the affected area with a suitable product (e.g., Shockwave RTU).  Be sure that the building materials are DRY before applying AfterShock.Read and follow the directions carefully.  Do not thin the product... apply with a sprayer or brush.  You should extend your treatment cleanup AT LEAST 2 - 4 feet beyond any area where there was evidence of mold.
540. This is being sold as the "ultimate dark concentrate" but it's just the dark concentrate.
541. I bought Rezblock to use in my oil rigs. I do really like using it however I had to knock a star off because if you don't change the water religiously (at least every 2-3 days) then you get mold built up in the water. I was smoking with moldy water for god knows how long until I discovered that. I was a little skeptical to keep using it but anytime I clean my rig and change the water using Rezblock it just dumps the oil out with the water. No more swishing alcohol or other solventscleaners in there to get it clean.
542. This mask is just far too over engineered. The thick metal piece is very uncomfortable and the mask has too much fabric. This all adds up into a very heavy mask that digs its metal into your nose and feels super bulky.Added bonus, the stitching here will block your vision when looking down.The ads got me good...but here I am warning you, it does not live up to the hype.
543. Does the job. Clean and then throw away. Perfect.
544. I have thrown away my typical 3 way buffers. This takes all those steps and turns them into one. Plus, you rinse it and it's good to go again, unlike the one time use a buffer gives me.This also shapes my natural nails to a smooth snag free edge.Only one side of this has 'grit' - but, the edges are rounded and super smooth so I can get close to the skin and cuticle without any issues, pains or nicks.It's super smooth, but very effective. I wouldn't use this to shine often, use sparingly!, because it works so well.Compact size, great cover, and perfect to carry in my bag.
545. This was the best purchase. The house we moved in the rooms were thick. I have bad allergies and I was swallowing blood but when this was plugged in I could breathe!! We bought one for every room!! Best decision ever!
546. I have never seen it remove a blackhead from my nose or skin, even after I steam my face for 10 minutes. It does remove some sebum but overall not impressed with the product. It also does not hold a charge, which is something that really annoys me. I charged it to full about 2 weeks ago, and pulled it out to use today and it was completely dead. So I had to use it while it was plugged in through a super short charging cable. Disappointed.
547. I bought it because my dad muscle who was not eating well.  He liked drinking them.
548. This easy to hold facial cleanser is amazing. You can put a small amount of soap for face on it and turn it on. It gives your face a cleaning massage to get deep into pores. It's made durable and made out of a high quality silicone material. It makes a great gift for anyone that likes to keep their skin looking younger and more vibrant. It has an excellent battery life , It comes with an included usb charging cable. I've charged it once in the month that I've had it. It's a great value for the money.
549. I used one pair for bathroom, and I used another pair for bathroom
550. Good value and super soft cotton balls.
551. Husband loves the tips.. Smooth. Papers are longer than average but work well, like the fact they're unbleached and &#34;raw&#34; too.Easier to use than expected and seem quailty made. Overall, no complaints - would recommend!
552. They work, they are fine! Why pay for the other brand?
553. I have been using the tool for a month already and it works great to pickup trash from neighborhood no matter small or big. I have fun cleaning the neighborhood. Hate to see the streets dirty.
554. WEAK ODOR
555. They are Ziploc and work great.
556. To my surprise this actually really cleans stains that i couldnt remove with starbrite or other cleanersspecifically designed for the job.Used it on a boating canvas and on walls inside of my house and both worked nicely!Wouldn't remove all of the stains, but most.
557. Raphanus Sativus is a very helpful homeopathic remedy to alleviate a common cause of pain from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), trapped intestinal gas. Gas is one of the major causes of bloating and pain that people with IBS endure. Trapped bowel gas can also develop after surgery. General anesthesia causes the bowels to “go to sleep,” and the first step in them “waking up” is to release painfully entrapped gas. Raphanus Sativus can strongly assist the bowels in that recovery.There are other excellent sources of homeopathic remedies besides Boiron, including Hyland's and Dolisos. I tend to choose Hyland's when possible because of their easy-open bottles and quick-dissolve tablets.I have included below some important general information on how to take homeopathic medications for those who might need it.Preparing for Taking HomeopathicsIt is a good idea before using homeopathics to brush your teeth well with baking soda, which has no odor of its own and removes any food odors from the mouth. It is important to avoid mint toothpaste because mint negates the benefits of homeopathics. Do not put anything else, including water, into your mouth for 20 minutes after placing a homeopathic remedy under your tongue. It is also a good idea to avoid food and drink with a strong taste, such as garlic and spicy food, for as long as possible after dosing with a homeopathic remedy, ideally waiting at least an hour.There are two ways to take homeopathics, dry dose and wet dose. Below are instructions for both.Dry doseNote that when taking homeopathic medication, the compounds are volatile, so you should not touch these tablets with your hands. Instead, shake 2-3 tablets into the bottle’s cap and drop them under your tongue. Be very careful to not touch the cap to your lips or tongue such that saliva gets on the cap, and from there contaminate the remaining pellets in the bottle. Placing the remedy under the tongue allows it to be absorbed directly into the bloodstream through the thin membrane there. Hold the remedy there for several minutes without swallowing until it completely dissolves.Wet Dose1. Use a clean, dark-glass, 2-ounce dropper bottle or spray bottle.2. Place 3-4 homeopathic tablets in the bottle.3. Add 12 ounce (14 of the glass bottle) of vodka or rum as a preservative. Screw on the cap and shake well until the pellets are dissolved.4. Add 1-14 ounce pure distilled water (that is, fill the bottle about 12 inch from the top). Screw on the cap and shake well, and shake each time before you take a dose.5. A dose is 1 dropperful or, if a spray bottle, one spray. Drop or spray the liquid under the tongue and hold it there for several minutes.
558. Good Product. works wonders for my daughter's uniform for work.
559. I use household gloves all the time, so I know a thing or two about them. These are high quality and come in at a budget-friendly price. The length is longer than average to keep your sleeves dry. These sets come in several colors, so you can choose your favorite. I'd get several just to keep them on hand.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
560. We really like these tissues because when we have a cold we go through a lot and it saves our nose!  We could never go back now after using the lotion tissues we like puffs brand they are very sturdy and don’t fall apart very easily.  I have found these cheaper in the store and I do have Amazon prime and they are a bit expensive I wish the price would come down I have to buy these online.
561. These DGL are different then the chewable have taken before.Truthfully when I ordered these I did not realize these are capsules,Although easy to take.That said , for me they did not help a strange indigestion I get, like theChewable do!
562. A good laundry product, I keep coming back for more.
563. This is a basic, no frills diaper bag. Not only is it large, but it has a lot of pockets, too. I ordered this for a baby shower gift. I plan to use it as the gift bag & fill it with items for the baby. And since it's so large, I will have a lot of filling to do! Because of it's neutral design, it will function well for both mom & dad. I wish the handles and the shoulder straps were both a little longer and had some padding for comfort. The changing pad and the zipper compartment are appreciated!*I received this for free for the purpose of trying out & reviewing. My thoughts & opinions are my own.
564. Cheap & thin.  Nothing like the original cover
565. Came cracked and late. Returned. Nice size though.
566. I'm sure they're good, they were too big for me.  Thankfully someone at the gym bought them from me.
567. I love this stuff, it forgives many a droop and wrinkle. I use it on my chest and neck, and a few other areas too. It's not an outright eraser but it really helps,
568. I take Omega-3 daily for many many years. I came across this Brand and after reading the "Supplement Facts" I decided to purchase it. After using it for a while i decided that i will keep purchasing this brand instead of the one I used in recent years. It's as good as any other brand - I truly recommend it.
569.  I'm so pleased to have this good looking, ergonomic, cordless spray mop. I have hardwood floor throughout of my house. Every time cleaning entire floor with my old cleaner is like a big pain to me. With this mop, cleaning becomes super easy and fast. You'll see how effective and easy it is to clean my floor with sprinkled flour by watching the video I took. In addition,the cleaning pads are machine washable.
570. Horribly useless glasses. I tried them on and they were so tight and flimsy i couldnt keep them for longer than a few minutes. Went to start a return process and even though when i bought it, it was eligible for return, now they arent letting me and im within the 30 day period. Im furious at the waste of money on this product. It just doesnt work and isnt comfortable.  They arent bendable, so theyre a struggle to put on your ears.
571. Wow!!! Amazing product.  I make alot of DIY body lotions and products & this cuts right through the residual oils and residue left in my processor😀 I've read other users raving about this..Im so glad I listened!
572. This lotion is a gel and not a cream. It is transparent and is not thick. When you rub it on rough heels, it gives a slippery smooth feel. As the gel has aloe vera, the gel makes the skin soft and smooth. It has a subtle fragrance-- somewhat like litchi.  It is nongreasy and gets absorbed fast. The product doesn't say much about what a user should expect from the gel; I would say expect the skin to get smooth and soft each time you take a quarter size on your fingers. It leaves a hydrating feeling when you first out it and leaves a minty after-effect.Overall, the cream is great.
573. Both of my grandsons seem to like using this. I usually follow-up with their electric brushes along the gumlines.
574. This barely works. It just fit hospital issued walker. Adult son says it is usable if one is carefull. It is unstable in use. It broke in use. I was just informed of this today. I would not use this ever again. My son got a scratch from where the walker broke apart at the back side of one of the handle slots.12292018
575. The value for the money is amazing we can't go wrong when you could buy 50 of these at Walgreens or anywhere else for 30 bucks.they fold out they fit your face they're comfortable as any other mask. They're disposable. I wear it all day for my business. Then whenever they wear out I just put a new one on I'm going to be buying many more of these I'm sure
576. I have never had noni fruit, so this powder was my introduction to it. The flavor is mild when mixed into a beverage or smoothie, and for its many health benefits seems to be a good thing. I have some concerns around using it often, as it can impact kidneys. Other than that, If like to try other forms of this fruit. This powder is very affordable as a quick add-in supplement.
577. I did not like the curler, and had difficulty with it, however the Customer Service of the company was spectacular.  I believe more people have  had good success with it and if it looks appealing try it.
578. I've used this product for different purposes. Dying my hair, cleaning, shopping.
579. One night my smoke alarm decided to chirp around 4 a.m.  Too tired to get out the ladder and change the battery, I tried this mask and earmuff set.  I am already hard of hearing and did not have my hearing aids in.  With the earplugs in and the earmuffs on, I could still hear the chirps.  I also found the whole contraption very tight and uncomfortable even when I adjusted the straps to their longest.  I am a woman with an average size head.  I am glad this set helped so many people but wonder why it did not help me at all.  It is lovely silk, very soft ,and ought to be comfortable but for me it was not.
580. I needed a strong pill splitter for tablets. This works well.
581. In simple terms they fit my switch and look so cute.
582. It does the job
583. I gotta say I was a little hesitant buying this. At the time, there wasn't very many reviews and I base ALOT of my buying on the reviews of others. But I took a chance. The price point was pretty good for the amount of items you get. Everything came nicely put in a recyclable box, no plastic anywhere which is a big plus. The bags are nice and sturdy, as I have had the set now for about 6 months I think and everything has held up really nicely except the bamboo eating utensils. First off, if you are not used to eating with bamboo, its a big change. After several washings of the utensils, they became rough and unusable. I actually had to toss them. Food smell would still be imbedded even after washing and it wasn't something I enjoyed. The spoon ended up getting little slivers of bamboo that would fall out in my mouth or in my food. Ummm ya, no thanks. The rest of everything is still going good. Straws are nice, easy to clean. Came with the straw cleaning brush too. Overall, I think this is a nice starter set. This would make a great gift to anyone slowing doing their part to save our planet from the gobs of plastic that is killing it.
584. The massager comes in a very nice decorative box.  Presentation is everything especially if giving as a gift and this was a definite plus about the massager.The massager is a high quality well made product.  It is made of ceramic.  However, I would be fearful of dropping it or sliding of my night stand and it breaking.  That may just be me and my clumsy self?The massager comes with detailed instructions.  It details the various sections of the tool and which sections target specific areas of the body and pain points.  The instructions are very clear and helpful.I tried the massager on several parts of my body using the printed instructions in the box.  I did not experience any type of therapeutic relief or comfort on any of the areas I tried.The product is high quality and well made, but for me I found no personal value in it.  Sensory products such as this are a very subjective item, though.  What one person doesn't like the next person may like?
585. I make miniature Barbie doll accessories.  I use these bags to put my product in. They are a great size and protect my pieces when shipping to customers. This size is perfect for holding my handmade miniature wedding cakes and baskets.
586. Overpriced.
587. Our pup has lasted a year (& still working). :)Ours didn't come with the soap...we bought it separately. The On Guard soap is excellent though! :DI will buy it again. :)
588. Save your money.  This does not work at all.
589. It is ok, the bristles come out when using it.
590. Easy to get on and off and easily stored in auto or carry bag.
591. My mom recommended we pick one of these up.  Comes with two brush heads, so one for me and one for my wife.  I don't care that she picked the pink one.  Haha.We've been using this for a couple of days now.  Definitely a different experience than a regular tooth brush.  My teeth actually feel clean.  After a few hours, my breath still smells fine, too.  My wife says "It feels like I went to the dentist."  I got a plain old electric toothbrush about a year ago and this one is just completely a different brushing experience.I've been using the "White" setting at the highest intensity, and my wife is using "Soft" on medium intensity.  Maybe I'll use the "Polish" setting after my teeth get a little whiter!  I'm really impressed with this.
592. It's always a pleasant surprise to be able to get a very healthful supplement in a form that is very tasty and super easy to consume.  These aloe jelly sticks are a treat to eat.  I love the texture and flavor and I like knowing I'm getting the health benefits of aloe.  I can't find anything negative to say about them.
593. My husband is a big guy with a beard - further - in my opinion - an unusually large head.  So finding washable masks for him as been a real challenge.  These masks are really big.  Fully cover his nose, face and beard.  He really like the comfort of the ear loops which are also part of the "adjustablity."  I am not a huge fan of the hanging mask (for sanitary reasons - "don't mess with your mask" etc)  BUT it does keep the mask from being put down - possibly leaving germs on surfaces - and then picking them up again.  They are washable - highly important to me.  They are simple black.  Nothing fancy.  The point is, they will work.  I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful.  Having said all of that, I just ordered 12 a dozen more for him to use.
594. Great service, came quickly.  Have not used it long enough to tell if it is going to help but would use the sellers again if it does. A little pricey but if it works, worth it.
595. Well we had to return it because it was horribly painful to place my shin on and then in pain, very hard to operate. A walker is easier!
596. Works great.  Suggestion by skin care specialist.  Cleans great and leaves skin feeling like I've scrubbed all impurities out of skin.
597. I confess that I'm a sucker for any kind of skin or beauty gadget.The hook with this one, of course, is the water cycle.Is it better than the other type? I found to be slightly more effective but it wasn't anything earth shattering. And just like with the other type, be careful because the suction can be quite powerful.
598. It works! I followed the directions exactly. I would have had to get rid of my couch if this hadn't worked. So grateful for a product that works!
599. Both of us are taking it everyday, this is a wonderful product.  No Fishy taste, has a slight lemon flavor. We will order again. Speedy delivery
600. Nice sturdy cases to hold pills and supplements for traveling. The inside dividers snap shut securely and each section will hold several pills or capsules. . There are six of these sections. The outside lid latches down to further insure that nothing will  spill out. A nice small case for travel or the bedside table.
601. The bed came damaged  :(  dent in the bench frame, scratches on glass and frame, hingebracket bent. I have to return it and order a new one.  Now i have to wait another two weeks for a new one. I hope it is not damaged.
602. A big part of my myofunctional practice.
603. Not good quality.
604. I read in a health-letter that White Peony root is good for autoimmune diseases and has been used in the orient for centuries. I have a German Shepherd diagnoseod with &quot;Pannis&quot; which is a disease where the body turns against the eyes and the dog will go blind. The vet has me giving his steroid drops and some other drops and they were slowing it down. But it is a disease that has to be controlled and will never &quot;be cured or go away...&quot; I started him on another way more expensive brand, and when I took him hack to the vet for his check up she (they, the group) couldn't belive how he had actually IMPROVED! Apparantly Pannis never really regresses like that.  But it did. They (and I were happy).....I started taking it for my artritis (I am 67 and my hands are very bad)...I think it has helped my arthritis too. It is really for people but I started all this originally for my poor dog. I found this brand cheaper and switched to it. Service is great. Comes by return mail almost. My dog goes for a check up soon so I don't know if Swanson's White Peony will be as effective as the other but it seems to be helping my hands just as much. I think it a great product and the service is fantastic. You know how Chocolate is wonderful for humans but BAD for dogs? Well I worried something for humans might hurt my dog but thought I would have to take the risk because removing his eyes, and being blind would be a hard life though I would take care of him and he is healthy otherwise. So, I held my breath and started him on it over a year ago and there are no ill effects my vet or I can see or tell. As a matter of fact my vet and all in that group have said I should keep it up because it seems to be helping. There was another fellow I heard from that read my review before and had a dog with a horrible auto immune disease of the skin and because I had taken the risk he took it with his dog and he thought his dog might be improving too. I hope so. I haven't heard back from him. But I highly recommend this product. I think Swanson's has helped ME and I will soon know it my dog is still improving. His eyes do seem clearer. The service is fast too.  I wish everyone luck with whatever they try it for.
605. This leather conditioner works so well! I have a lot of nice leather pursesbags. I like to keep my bags conditioned and this does a really nice job of that. It comes with an applications pad. It smells good too.
606. It was great
607. Do you need your tums to survive a nuclear blast? Then you need this holder. I bought one of the smaller Cielo double chamber ones a few years ago for Tums and Advil. Held 2 Tums and 7 Advil. Tums increased the diameter of their 1000mg tablets and they no longer fit so I got this. This thing holds 6 of the 1000mg tablets for those extra stress inducing days. Nice!
608. I add a scoopful of Maca powder and a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my smoothies as extras.  My main ingredients are my green superfood powders, banana,milk kefir, protein powder and whatever else I have that I want to toss in.  I haven't had any adverse reaction from the Maca powder and from what I've read it's supposed to help with a lot of various ailments - menopausal problems being what I am most interested in, though I can't really tell if my hot flashes are decreasing or not.  And I can't really detect any taste or weird texture since it's getting mixed up with other things, but some people sprinkle it on yogurt, oatmeal, salads, etc....straight out of the package.  While growing up nothing like these superfood powders were ever available so I like consuming them now that I can.
609. They are a little challenging at times to get screwed on correctly but more importantly, these should be labeled Monday to Sunday!  I read a review about having stick on labels but mine didn't come with those so I wrote the days on them with a sharpie, problem solved but I shouldn't have to do that.  But man the medium holds a ton!
610. like this product
611. Awful, watery "lotion*. It was supposed to be a lotion, not water???Also, keeps 0 bugs abay. Gave me skin rash.  Don't even bother.
612. Perfect! And every morning I can actually find my glasses!!!
613. if you like citrus aroma buy 6 like I did, for both bathrooms, kitchen, garage, work bench, patio, cars, etc
614. This is a perfect little set to become familiar with this ethical and organic brand.It's even made in small batches, in order to ensure that you get a fresh product that hasn't been sitting around in some warehouse forever.The toner is refreshing, and preps your skin for the vitamin C serum. Both have a pleasing fragrance, especially the serum which is citrusy.Wonderful natural ingredients like berries and aloe vera.Afterwards, skin feels clean and not bogged down by chemicals. It even helped calm down a rosacea flare up.Skin care you can feel good about, in every way.
615. I ordered this roller to hopefully calm the rosacea that occasionally inhabits my face.I have to say it really helped relieve the redness and soreness that usually accompanies an outbreak.It worked great. It offers such relief.In the freezer for 24 hours and ready to go. I was afraid it may be too cold, but it feels great.I'm not sure what is in the roller head, but it doesn't feel like a big piece of ice on my face.Obviously, it's nots a great idea to put this roller directly in the freezer where you store all your food. So, the case is awesome. Very glad it was included.For me and what I use it for, it's great.  Five stars all the way.
616. Reading the description it said the bag would hold larger gifts. The gift I had barely fit in the bag and it was almost impossible to tie the ribbon.  Very disappointed in the item for what I paid.
617. I actually ordered this for the pill cutter. Unfortunately, that arrived cracked but it still works. The pill is cut by a razor-like blade in the middle of the plastic cap. The pill has to be balanced on the tray below. Its use is somewhat successful.The two single-day pill boxes open easily and are portable for travel. They do what they are supposed to do, which is hold pills. However, my boyfriend and I wish these were clear so that the pills can be seen. This is the only negative with the cases. Also, the case covers are held on by a thin piece of plastic that will eventually fall off with lots of use.The current price of $9.99 is on the expensive side for this set but still competitive. There are better pill cases on the market. However, the cutter is what makes this set worth it to me if only it were not pre-cracked.
618. These pills are big, and 2day is the recommended dosage.  I think they are good, but if I'm swallowing that many big pills I would like for them to contain more vitamins and minerals than they do.  I know they aren't supposed to be a mulit-vitamin, but a good mulit-vitamin contains all that and more.  i've been taking them for about two weeks and have not noticed any negative side effects or stomach upset.
619. This came in handy for our last camping trip. I love it! The scent is not too overpowering and it keeps the sun and bugs OUT! I wish this came in a larger size.
620. It smells great. You will not regret.
621. Love this for my bowels and headaches!
622. This is a terrific petroleum jelly. Scentless it applies smoothly and performs as expected. Can't tell the difference between these and the name brand. The four pack is both convenient and economical Good deal.
623. Depends on your needs. Mine is falling apart already!
624. This is my go to on those days I need a little extra push, and I love the individual packs.
625. Still not my favorite lab.  Although they seemed to fix the shipping label issues from the past.Company asks too many personal questions on their website compared to other like companies.  I end up answering NA to many of the questions.test taken 31722test picked up by USPS TX 31722delivered WA 31922checked into lab 32122 (email was rcvd stating results "should be completed today" - they were not)results ready 32522Punchers were shallow compared to Everlywell punchers.  Took me 3 times on 3 different fingers to get enough blood to complete the test and I have never had that happen before.Test showed no allergies to anything.  Which was odd because my whole life I have been allergic to *tuna*.  So either I fixed my gut biome to where I no longer have the allergy, slightly possible because I have been working on intestinal permeability issues.  OR ... the test is not accurate.I think in this case I still prefer Everlywell as a lab.  I trust them more.
626. Used for our class Reunion infot-shirt bags...held up well!
627. These are decent quality cleaning gloves that will fill all your basic household needs.  These gloves are of good durability for basic household tasks.  They are not heavy-duty, but they are well-constructed for tasks like doing dishes, and cleaning the kitchen and bathroom.  They are thick enough to protect your hands enough that you can use hot water for dishes or other cleaning.  Two different-colored pairs in a pack is great because you can easily designate one pair for kitchen and one for bathroom, and not worry about mixing up the two (or use one for toilet cleaning and one for sink and tub cleaning within the bathroom.)  These gloves are both useful and comfortable and I would not hesitate to buy again.
628. I love the brand (and its concept), but this detangler is more of a shine-enhancer -- instead of helping with the gnarly knots my kiddo gets in her fine, curly hair, it just made it feel weird and gunky. I'm not sure if it's the protein used, but it has an odd texture and doesn't leave her hair silky by any means. It smells great and is natural, so that's a plus. Just didn't do the job it suggested by the product name (de-tangler).
629. These tissues are great and I love the packaging. They are soft and easy on the nose. Great for the home and in the car.
630. The bottles arrived with the plastic lids broken and so it would start to come out.
631. Cute invitations.
632. They absorb way too much liquid, and theyre too long to be rung out properly. Sometimes the plastic rubs on the floor. Theyre ok for walls, but I prefer the original cedar ones for my floors.
633. Good source of nutrition
634. I weigh less than the max weight, had the chair less than 8 weeks and the bottom just shattered on me.
635. I’m allergic to the adhesive on medical tape....except this one. Its gentle on my skin (  my surgery was on my face) and this not only held all day, I never got a rash or ever felt uncomfortable after hours of having it on my wound.
636. Delivered quickly - easy to take.
637. Great bags...much better quality than most of the plastic bags used at grocery stores.If you want those grocery store style plastic bags, these are the ones to buy. I say spend the extra money for the better quality.
638. this is a fantastic kit!Well made, perfect size for travel or to store at home in the bathroom or kitchen.I love the case, it is actually even nicer than I was expecting!Super sturday, great color that is easy to see when you need to find it in a hurry, and it is filled with 200 pcs of first aid items to save you in time of need.We have already used this multiple times!LOVE ITI appreciate receiving this at a discount in exchange for my unbiased views
639. Did not fit. obviousley yhis company doesn't know that there are different sizes of faucet tips.
640. I'm not noticing a big difference. There was always a smell like sewer when my washing machine drained. This is slightly working.
641. These things are GREAT!  Just add a small amount of water and they open right up.  I keep these in the truck, in the first aid kid, in the soccer practice bag, kids back packs, literally everywhere I can think to put them.  The towel itself, once opened, is sturdier than a standard paper towel and work great.  I would and will buy these again.  To the folks that gave them poor reviews because they couldn't open them - Read the directions and add literally a few drops of water (maybe a couple drops of common sense too) and your product if fully functional.
642. The overall fit and finish of these replacement heads is pretty good. They fit well on my Oral-B toothbrush without any wiggling or vibration during use. The bristles are soft, but not as soft as the Braun Sensitive heads. It's pretty close, however.What I don't care for is the bristle arrangement. The outer ring of bristles is raised above the inner bristles. They flare out in use and irritate my gums. It's not terrible, but it's enough irritation that I would not get these again, and probably won't use all of the 12.While the bristle softness is reasonably close the the Braun Sensitive version, the bristle arrangement makes them ill suited for those with sensitive gums. I'll give them three stars since, if you don't have sensitive gums, these are decent replacements at a very reasonable cost. However, if you're looking for a less expensive version of the Braun Sensitive, these are not ideal.
643. This is a simple hinged uncomplicated brace that provides decent lateral stability and some joint support. I use it when walking 18 holes of golf or going for walks around town. If doing more aggressive backcountry hiking use a higher end but more bulky brace. Recommend if you need a modest level of joint support. If you have substantial knee pain andor get knee stiffness after exercise, suggest a higher end brace.
644. It fits my toilet well enough.  You just have to remember to push down the bottom for more room for the water and sitz stuff.
645. No Assembly required.  Very sturdy and safe to use.  I used this in my bath room as tub is little higher to get in.I give five stars because it is very sturdy and safety when used in wet places. My Aunt is of 185 pounds and easily get in after taking step in this and get in to tub .
646. I ENJOY IT.  NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE IN THE SETTINGS BUT IT WORKS VERY WELL AS SOON AS YOU GET USED TO ITS POWER
647. This is perfect.  Love this for baskets!
648. Light flavor, everyone in my family do not mind taking this supplement.  Even better if you wash down with some juice!
649. These are good masks.Well made, sturdy. They are comfortable to use. The ear elastic is not too snug, but it holds perfect.They are breathable.They fit perfectly on the face.The did OUR candle test on them and they passed.None of them broke on us.
650. I think I misunderstood what I was ordering. These gloves are *enormous*... like Andre the Giant sized. I could use them if I had someone else around to tape them around the wrist for me, but I don’t. Other than that, they seem to be of good quality.
651. My son and daugther love them!!! We had a variety of flavors, but not all. Chocolate, Strawberry, Cookies n Cream, Strawberry Banana, Orange Cream, Vanilla Milkshake. They enjoyed them all
652. A must for every first aid kit
653. Good Dog P Pads, but getting too expensive with every order the price goes up.
654. Gelatin has no flavor. I still cant talk about the benefits because it has been too early for that but the good thing is that it doesnt compromise the flavor of any of my drinks.
655. I like that it has the combination of supplements in this since I take each daily anyway. I especially like that it helps to improve my skin but I also take for my overall health and to help with my joints
656. Love the flavor.
657. These files are the best for keeping your nails smooth and well groomed.  These I bought as a gift for my sister. Be careful not to drop them on a hard surface--glass breaks!
658. Its awesome. I gave one pair to my husband he like it an relax and enjoin...
659. I use an eye mask and ear plugs every night, ever since I worked night shift years ago. This one sits gently across my eyes, forms and keeps the light out. You can adjust the Velcro strap which I prefer, no metal to press against my head.  Definitely recommend, will be getting more to have on hand.
660. Initially I used this lemon oil to get sticky adhesive off some clothes and it worked great. I made some sugar lemon scrub and it smells wonderful. I ran out it and used a different brand. What a mistake. Fabulous Frannie’s lemon smelled stronger, better and I used less than the other brand. Going to purchase the largest bottle available.
661. This is an all natural product and it is recommended to purchase the gum massager too. I didn't get that. I will use a soft toothbrush to apply to my gums and that way, the gums will be healthier and that is always a good thing for a person.
662. They don't do any better at stamping than regular nail polish.  In fact, the white is useless.
663. Update (91017): I stopped using these after about 2 additional orders as I did not notice any change in my hair growth or health. I originally rated these 4 stars but had to adjust due to them being ineffective.Original review: I received these vitamins about 5 days ago, so I can't review them on how well they work. I'll come back and do so in about 6 months or so.I was a bit leery in buying these, as I read in another review that they were very hard and that someone actually lost a tooth! I can tell you that I had no problem with them being hard. They were about the same texture as starburst candies.I'm also happy to report that these taste great! They have a small aftertaste that does kind of taste vitaminey, but nothing that would stop me from eating these. My 85 year old father in law found these over the weekend (I hid them because he will forage for candy like none other) and he loved them! My fiance and I went out for the day and we came back to 3 wrappers on the kitchen counter and 3 more were hidden in his robe pocket, lol...ugh.Anyway, I have them very well hidden now and I look forward to healthy glowing skin, stronger nails and longer stronger hair!
664. Love love love this product !
665. I don't have an iPhone X yet, but when I do get one, this is going on it. The rainbow colors are nice as are the the stars with holographic look and the glitter case. This makes a pretty interesting phone case. I like it.
666. A bit of a challenge to put over cast. It really requires an assistant. It does keep the cast dry.
667. I do love the color variations present throughout this carved piece of natural jade, but it does have an uneven notchblemish present along the longest edge that obviously resulted from a tool mark mistakenly made during the grinding process. This scraper does have an unshiny, matte finish (it is not super glossy like some other gua sha tools I’ve used), so it might be more preferred by those searching for a natural looking accessory, and it seems comfortably sized and shaped overall.It does come with an attractive drawstring storage bag with a leafy botanical design, so that is a nice bonus, I just wish every edge of this scraper had been smoothly shaped and polished. But that’s the only critique I have for this one. It’s great for increasing circulation and lymphatic drainage and for increasing the absorption of various face serums! I’d gladly recommend this jade tool to others. 🌿
668. Looks good, and they work as expected. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
669. Start taking these before it gets to the point where you have to be put on antibiotics to cure the infection. Go with natural products when you can. Cranberries are great for getting the urine going and the milk thistle is good for your liver.
670. Good value with two brushes. I bought this for my husband. He feels the body brush bristles may be too stiff to use, but the small facial brush I will use.
671. Turn and run away from this brand, total crap, throwing away and going to buy something else. The brush head fits but it is so cheap that it does not vibrate when I try second it does vibrate but the  bristles is very hard.my girlfriend brush  teeth the blood come out  so I don’t think it’s good for her. I need to get soft one for her.
672. These were delicious! We love peanut butter flavored anything. I'd even try a soda flavored with it. The bars were slightly small but that kept calories. . . reasonable. Plenty of energy and help me feel full. A little melty in Florida heat so maybe not perfect for summer hiking. Definitely good taste!
673. Burns my fingers and hard to use,
674. I have very sensitive gums so this was the first time using this type of toothbrush. I normally use a soft head toothbrush, but this toothbrush was too soft and thick. I wasn't able to brush my back molars properly.  I wanted to like it but I don't feel confident this brush was cleaning my teeth well enough.
675. Can't say I would ever use this.  It doesn't fit well in a car seat and isn't comfortable enough for the house.  I like the idea, but it isn't functional in a front bucket seat in a large car. My husband needs a little help in and out of the car and this was of no use to us.
676. This is a pretty solid trimmer set for the price.  You get everything you need to maintain your beard, hairline, etc. and all of the attachments are pretty well-made. It works smoothly, is easy to keep clean, and the battery lasts quite a while between charges.
677. the wife broke her left ankle and was booted but was now walking with a limp. This boot helped level her stance out and made it easier to walk, Kudos!!
678. Im loving this stuff, even though it has Splenda in it. It tastes great. And I can tell it’s real because when i add it to my water, just like actual tea, it makes me have to pee!Update: Jan2019; i notice this helps me to drink much more water. Plain water just doesn’t always appeal to me, i have never drank enough. This is kind of a life saver in that way!
679. I've been taking these for years. I've been recommending them for years. Those that take my advice keep reminding me months later what a knee miracle it is. 2-3 days does the trick.Painful knees? This is the interim fix before you fold to the orthopedist.
680. Very nice bibs. Highly recommend! My niece loves pink so these are great for her. She’s 7. So it will keep her from messing up her clothes.
681. THese fit perfectly in easter eggs to hide for the hunt!  No Candy!!!  My girls were thrilled to find these hidden in their eggs.  the flavors are mostly great.  the mint one is not a fave with my kiddos, so I got to keep that one ;)  Win!
682. Arrived as described. Fast delivery and Item does what its supposed to to balance hormones
683. Didn't even know there was such a thing until my daughter introduced me to this.  Stay so tense and have muscle aches in my shoulders and neck.  It is so bad I can't get my head in a comfortable position to sleep at night.  Decided to purchase and what a difference...It's like going to a massage parlor.  I love it.  Would highly recommend this unit to anyone out there with muscle aches...don't think you would regret it for a minute.  Money was well spent and worth every cent.
684. This works exactly as expected. Nice and soft. Easy to adjust to the size needed
685. Use these for all my lettuce. I have noticed that the lettuce stays much fresher for longer, and the bags can be easily washed to be reused.
686. This razor is a must have for shaving. Purchased for my husband because hes always having issues shaving his beard because of his sensitive skin. This easily helps to remove the hair without giving him an allergic reaction or a bunch of shave bumps. It comes with everything you need including the brush to clean it and the charger to charge it. The battery last shave after shave and allows you to use it time after time but I prefer to make sure that it's fully charged between uses.
687. Hubby really likes it
688. I’ve really neglected my skin during all of this Covid stuff with nearly no skin routine (other than washing), and I feel it’s taken a toll on my brightness, texture and hydration. Meaning, I now look dull, rough and dry—definitely room for improvement.This toner helps slough off the dry skin, but also rejuvenates my new layer of skin hiding underneath. Followed with a good moisturizer, my skin gets a healthy glow. My skin doesn't feel irritated or over-treated. I can’t wait to see how things turn out with continued use. The price and quality are great!
689. This stuff is not easy to apply on. The directions said to &#34;cake&#34; the pads but I really couldn't apply a decent amount unless I use the cap to scrape the wax off and apply it with my finger. This thing is rock solid.. I'm not going to risk bendingbreaking the nose pad.Another issue I had is it comes off. I made sure to wash the area so that it's oil free, but it comes off and I usually can't tell until I check the mirror. Seeing a chunk of wax on my nose is gross.
690. I have carpal tunnel and arthritis in my hands which makes it very difficult to grasp utensils and grip onto things. Eating was a struggle until I purchased this item. I don’t have to grip onto the spoon so tight or twist my wrist to eat any longer. Using my fingers is difficult most days which is why this spoon is a great product for anyone who has problems with their hands. Works fantastic!
691. Honestly? I was skeptical about the quality- but I am very pleased with the look and heavy feel of these plates. They looked so good and fit my rose gold theme perfectly. These held up to pizza, Mexican dip (which is heavy) and a heavy dense cake.
692. I use this to prevent hemorrhoids and runny nose.
693. I have sensitive areas where the dentin is not completely covered by enamel so if a toothbrush bristle hits it I go electric.  I've been using sensitive toothpastes for years so when this one came up on my list of items I could review I decided to try it.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it contains fluoride since I'm trying to eliminate fluoride from my diet as much as possible.  I've used the Spotlight sensitive toothpaste twice a day for about a week and if my teeth were going to react to it they would have by now.  I have not had any sensitivity issues with this toothpaste.  Also, it tastes fine and my teeth really feel nice and clean afterwards.  As of this review I don't know how much it costs.
694. Easy to set and very secure. The cap is also a lot bigger than typical bottles which can be helpful when you have arthritis. My only complaint would be that the dial for the combination is a bit small which can be a little difficult for failing hands.
695. Highly recommend this product.  I take it instead of blood pressure medicine!
696. Too big still for my 11 year old. Need to make these in even smaller sizes.
697. Handles are too flimsy and bend too much to exert the amount of pressure to cut toe nails.You get what you pay for.
698. My daughter has course curly hair and she tried this and it worked great it took about 10 min and it looks great. She loves this it is so easy and will do her hair more often.
699. I ordered this because of the colors in the picture- I knew I’d have rose gold balloons but the other confetti balloons were primary colors where I planned a party around these colors and the colors where not what the picture shows.
700. So far I like this product, it’s a little thick but no real taste. Easy to take, just add to water.
701. Shipped without the spray head attachment. Product works great
702. This is lightweight. It is colorful. Keeps the sun off of my face. I'm able to fold it over to make it a little thicker when needed.
703. I know it shouldn’t matter but I really like the pink, rosy color of this automatic hair curler. It’s easy to use and works really well. I like that it gets super hot, up to 430°F, because that’s what I need to get the curl to stay. It gave me bouncy spiral curls and doesn’t tangle. It comes with a pair of clips. Pretty good a little hair tool.
704. Didn't help with my pain and now the string through the beads is breaking.
705. I couldn't figure out what to do with it.  I returned it to Amazon
706. Even being in the sun a lot, my blood work always shows me a little low on Vit D.I like these pills.  Nice and small to swallow.  Helps boost my Vit D levels so there's no concerns.I like the strength of these pills.  Plus the added benefits that coconut oil gives me.I'll continue taking these Vit D capsules for many years.
707. with constant 'dry eye' this is a great soother when applied with a mist bottle... great for an added moisture to the face & mouth at the same time.Healthy, odorlesstasteless CONSIDER: the most convenient in a mist bottle!  Such comfort & convenience wo a lot of 'toxic ingredients'FYI: this same product can be acquired @ BRIVOL w free shipping  only.....17.47...I'm just sayin'...
708. A little more firm than I expected,but my mom find comfortable.
709. First off, I've been working with technology for literally 20 years and in that time I have set up and troubleshooted wireless networks and even with all of that experience I could not get this thing to set up. Why? Because they don't tell you it ONLY SUPPORTS 802.11b!!! This is literally 1999 technology, folks. Unless you have an antique router or a rotuer that expressly supports this antiquated standard that you would normally want to have turned off because it slows your network down, don't even bother.Terrible experience. Who would have thought a wifi scale would be a bad idea. &#62;:-P
710. Great at a restaurant, or visiting  still can enjoy most drinks.  Good Product.
711. Dreft gets MOST stains out, even on adult clothes! Ive used tons of products hoping to get stains out..... This is my favourite! I cant find it at the local shop anymore so will continue to order it on amazon
712. I have been drinking a beer before bed with lots of hops to help me get to sleep. I thought I might try this instead but I would have to take about 8 for them to work so I am going to try the liquid.
713. Accurate description  - Prompt delivery as specified holiday product but no limited to one season
714. No words. It's great!  I carry it in the car and it's great at stoplights for a quick acupressure in between the shoulder blades!
715. if you wear contacts very often and you change them more than once during the day, this system it is very useful, it does clean them well, I do feel the difference once I put my contacts on, just as a side note, I have used it for also hard contacts and it did work good too.
716. Peaceful lavender scent is awesome! I'll catch a whiff of it during my class and its so good! Great yoga mat cleaner.
717. Cleaned my mat great and did not leave it tacky like other I have used.
718. I returned the item.  It may  have worked for just teeth whitening however as a toothbrush it was absolutely horrible.  It was like putting my retainer in my mouth with some toothpaste on it and expecting a result.  Not worth the money! Go with a traditional electric toothbrush.
719. What can you do when stuff always drips on your shirts?  It looks like an apron .  It certainly beats the movies I've seen where the gentleman tucks the table cloth into his shirt collar. It affords a sense of dignity and looks good.  Take a test drive. I haven't taken it for a spin at the restaurant yet but  I think I might do it.  It's cheap.
720. I'm very glad I came across this little device. I used to be a competitive rower, and during one summer of training I threw my back out. A physical therapist did some massage and manipulation on me, and I heard my sacro-illiac joint pop back into place. My back pain was gone for the rest of the summer. Since then I've been shocked to find that most physical therapists and chiropractors don't know about the SI joint issue, how common it is, and how greatly relieving pressure there can relieve pain in the entire lower back area. This device should be a standard part of every physical therapist's office.It also helped relieve my back pain on a recent long road trip. I highly recommend it after travel.Note that women over 5'10" especially who haven't had children, should get the 'male' version.
721. really gets the deer to quit eating plants.. some pills fragment, but easy to get in anyway
722. Unlike the picture this thing is about the size of a quarter and broke the first time I used it. Don't bother getting it. It is not what is shown on the picture and it was only one tiny, tiny thing that never worked. Waste of money.
723. I ordered and quickly received the KINGDOMCARES Salon Fast Natural Straight Hair Straightener Brush Fastest Heating Detangling Styling PTC Hair Straightening Brush 3 Levels Anti-Scald Comb Purple Anti-Static Ceramic Hair Straighteners.  My wife has long hair and fixes it every morning before she goes to work and then at night before church the nights we have church.  This bad boy came in and I surprised her when she came home from work before we had church service tonight. First of all I scored major points for the surprise present and second of all how well it worked!  The package comes with one (1) Hair Straightener; one (1) power cord; two (2) Alligator clips, and a User Manual written in English.  First of all this hair straightener is very light weight so it is easy to hold in my wife's hands.  The alligator clips are so that you can section off your hair into sections and straighten your hair out that way as well. It has a total of three different settings and the highest setting doesn't exceed 365 degrees which is perfect. My wife loves to straighten her hair and blow drys it and her hair isn't extremely curly but it does have some waves in it after it has air dried. She found that this straightener works perfectly for grabbing her hair and straightening it quickly without damage to her hair. She makes sure she adds heat protector to her hair before she used it. She loves how the bristles on the straightener grabs her hair and they do not tug or pull on her hair like her other straighteners that you are suppose to use to brush through your hair. I also find that it calms all her frizz in her hair as well as makes her hair silky smooth and soft. After she is done using the straightener her hair looks extremely healthy.  She loves it and I love how her hair looks using this straightener by Kingdomcares.  I recommend all my friends to buy this for their wives and daughters!;  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
724. Helps tremendously.
725. I am on my third canister of this product.... It is really good... I mix mine and let it sit for a minute or two to let it all dissolve thoroughly... also improves the taste.  The flavor is quite pleasing (and in my opinion is better than the peach flavor) and I can tell that I feel better taking it.  Once a day, usually, I take one heaping scoop (scoop is in the canister).... it goes further and does make a difference in how I feel.  I don't take the full recommended dose because I figure I want it all to be absorbed without any waste... and usually items such as vitamins, etc will give you a max dosage so that you will replace more frequently.... as we all know, nutrients just leave the body when over taken.  Since this is mixed with liquid, it absorbs into the body more readily than a hard-packed pill.
726. I bought these for the guest bathrooms because they look pretty and are not boring square boxes. They work just fine as they are a tissue and they just need to do their job. I bought them for looks
727. Vitamin C is what it is, nothing more to say. I take one in the morning and one in the evening, every day.
728. Wrappers leak coconut oil. Packaging attracted ants.
729. Pads under the arms are very uncomfortable, other than that works as expected
730. I really wanted to like this toothbrush but honestly I just really didn’t like the way it vibrates. It almost tickles when trying to brush my teeth and is a very different sensation from any other electric toothbrush I’ve had where the head itself spins. I brought it with me for a trip and ended up using it like a regular toothbrush without turning it on because the sensation bothered me that much. Secondarily, even if I did like it it’s kind of a hassle that the charging device does not fit within the case. It would be nice if the case itself would charge the toothbrush (like the way a lot of Bluetooth headphones are set up these days). Granted, it didn’t need to be charged on a daily basis anyway but if you’re going on a long trip it’s annoying that the whole thing isn’t one contained unit.
731. Grand Daughter loves it
732. Love the aroma. Smells fresh and clean. Not too sweet and full of strong perfume.
733. has a horrible smell
734. I was super excited to receive this for my sunglasses. That was until I actually opened it up. Very poorly made and lacks quality craftsmanship. Would love to see additional features such as better screws, magnetic tips that work, and good handles on screw drivers.
735.  This electric razor gives you a shave that’s as close as a traditional blade. Standard amount of noise, standard maintenance (easy), and best of all, it uses a usb c charger, so if you lose the cable, it’s not some weird thing specific to this item. Also, the display shows how the battery is doing. Being used to traditional shaving, I kind of thought I could go crazy or would need to press hard. Well, my face felt scratchy all day for making that mistake, but it’s no big deal and still is a huge improvement on the bumps and irritation regular shaving can cause. Great!
736. Ad said buy 3 get one free...I did not get one free after buying 3!  :Unhappy Customer!
737. Smooths hair
738. It is on of the best Organic oil in Amazon. I am using it since my diagnose and I am very happy with that :) I am adding half coconut oil so it is better for my skin. And I am breathing in with steam in the shower every day.
739. I have always loved this product.  Unfortunately, none of the stores I visit sell it anymore.  So I was more than happy when I discovered it on Amazon.  Works great!  The shipping was not as great.  Although the boxed product was unopened, it had spilled all over my other products in the box.  Maybe it could be shipped in a plastic bag of some sort to protect other items and not cause loss of powder.  However, I would buy it again because it works great on stains.
740. Been using he product for about a month. Definitely notice a difference in joint inflammation. Less pain caused by heavy lifting and over use.
741. Awesome product!
742. Love this deodorant,  none of the bad ingredients.  Great for sensitive skin.
743. It’s light is very bright.  Came very fast and packaged securely.
744. Love it, use it for everything
745. I rubber my legs with various amounts of pressure before and after a shower and not a single hair came off.
746. There are 14 lozenges in this package and the maximum "dosage" per day is 3 lozenges.  Each one contains 10 calories with 1g of added sugars, 1500IU of Vitamin D (as cholecalciferol--which is apparently D3 and animal based), 3mg of Zinc, 25mg Bee Propolis Extract, 12mg of Peppermint Extract, and 7.5mg of Eucalyptus Extract.Other ingredients in this are chicory root fiber, tapioca syrup, and honey.The current price of $8.99 comes to an expensive $.64 cents per dietary supplement drop. After having tried these, I personally do not like them enough to order them again. They are okay but I already take Vitamin D and these taste too medicinal for my tastebuds.
747. glad to finally find one that actually counts while safely in a pocket after having had so many get lost clipped at waist or to shoes etc.  I dont' need absolute accuracy but it seems about right. :)  Resets itself daily too, so I'm pretty much unable to mess myself up!
748. Bad product shape chapstick tube, for getting at the nose pads of your glasses. Now if you want to keep your glasses from sliding off your lips your covered.
749. Not sure if it deserves 3 stars...But I’ll keep using it to give it two out of three tries.
750. Very flimsy. I did think there was going to be a top to these, but there wasn't. The slots are also smaller than I thought.
751. the best. the only thing that can come close is the tea tree oil.
752. This was recommended by my dentist.  I'm happy I can get these refills at Amazon.
753. We bought these because they came packaged 10 per bag rather than one bag of 100.  Much easier to use and the packaging doesn't expose the whole lot each time you retrieve a few for use.
754. This stuff does work, And with heat, But The celopane shipping package is no good, mine luckily wasn't lost but wrap with rubberband from post office.
755. Great product, thickens very nicely.  Smells like the beach at first, but once in your recipe you won't notice it.
756. This foot rocker was received today.  It came with no written material...as in instructions for proper use.  I assume they feel it's very straightforward.  Insert foot and rock back and forth.I guess my foot is too small. I tried it several times and found it useless.  It's just too big for my foot.  I'm in my 70s and disabled so thought this might be good exercise. Guess not. It's being returned.  I will say that returns are effortless.
757. Stays in place but doesn't conform to the eye, nose, and cheek area so a bit of light comes in.  I do wear it though just to change up from my other sleep mask.
758. Dead On Arrival.  I charged it for 8 hours at first, then tried it and it didn't turn on.  The light turned on when it's charging so it wasn't the charger.  I saw a Brad Mondo vid and his didn't turn on either until after like 16 hours of charge, so I plugged it back in and gave it another full 24 hours.  Still nothing.  I really wanted to like this too!  Pretty bummed.
759. My physical therapist recommended that I get a few things to help with my back and hip pain. This was the first thing he suggested. I have tiny stress fractures in my lower back and we ts quite painful at times. This has relieved the pain with stretch and exercise as opposed to heavy medications. Its easy to throw in my gym bag and take anywhere with me so I'm never without my daily regimen. It's affordable and well worth the money. Great value
760. Cost effective. Can't tell if they are better or the same.
761. I am very pleased with the results I have seen using this product. My skin looks younger and more healthy. I will order this product again.
762. This is a great diaper that has not failed us yet (you know what I mean by fail #babypooponmypants). The tabs secure well to the diaper and fit our daughter perfectly. It's nice to have a diaper without some of the chemicals that exist in others. The only thing I wish it had is that cool little yellow line on the huggies that turns blue when the diaper is wetdirty. Not sure if that could be utilized on a natural diaper. Otherwise, no complaints here!
763. These chews have the same amount of turmeric in one, the same, mind you, as one square chew I was buying at a much higher price from Sam's Club. Dosage is two tablets, but I only eat one per day, since that's all I was taking with the other more expensive chews. I have an arthritic knee and turmeric is one of the treatments I use, along with Moringa, and exercise. Makes a world of difference.  Since I do all three things, hard to say what is doing the most good, but I went from thinking I would have to use a cane the rest of my life, to just occasional soreness.  So very thankful.
764. My son would stay up because of the ghosts and monsters, so we bought this spray and let him take control of getting those ghosts. He has been able to sleep great knowing he has to ghost spray.
765. I love the flavor and the creamy & smooth texture. It’s thick and satisfying! I’ve had the milk chocolate and at 20 cents an ounce, I think it’s a great value and I’ll order it again. Love the fiber, protein, vitamins and low carbs! The viewing strip on the side is handy!
766. We used to wash our yoga mats in the bathtub.  It's not the easiest thing to do since they are long and one of them is super thick.  We used to then drape it over the bathtub to let it dry, which took a few hours.  I had no idea there was a yoga mat cleaner out there.  I was ordering a bar of soap from this company and when I added it to my cart, it showed suggestions for other products and this was one of them.  I decided to take a chance and order it since the reviews were good and it seemed to have non-chemical ingredients.  I would never use a traditional cleaner on the mat since our skin directly touches it and I didn't want the material of the yoga mat to deteriorate.  So when I got this, I tried it out on one section of the mat and it seemed to work great.  I got the non scented one since my husband would not be thrilled with his yoga mat smelling &#34;fruity&#34; or &#34;florally&#34;. I have now used it several times on both of our mats and this works great and is a much easier process than our original method of getting them clean.  I love that this comes with a cleaning cloth so I can just throw both of them in the workout bag instead of having to pack an extra towel.  This cleaner is amazing and has made our process so much easier!  Next time I might have to try one of the scented ones and just see if hubby notices.
767. I love it its perfect
768. My 6 yr old granddaughter inflated this for me. It's that easy. I do 15 mins a day and have received some pain relief. It's a inexpensive way to get some relief. I've not had this long but so far all the parts work without issue.
769. This is quite the large icepack. It stays cold much longer than most. It doesn't sweat excessively. Probably the best part about it though is the larger than average cap opening that makes it SO much easier to fill. Great purchase.
770. As others have mentioned, you cannot use pressure or the device turns off, but you really do not need pressure.  It does remove coffeetea stains nicely.  The only dropped star is due to the inability to get the inside of the bottom front teeth.  The head is just too big to fit in the mouth for that.
771. So gross.  Tastes like cough syrup.  It smelled amazing and I was really looking forward to trying it, but man it is nasty.  Leaves a really bad after taste as well (I think from the sweetener).  My husband who loves all flavors of juice wouldnt even use this product.
772. These buds are must have if you have babies or toddlers at home!! Quality is good and need not worry of poking the little ones' ears!!
773. Good Product.  As advertised.  Arrived on time.
774. I use it on the very first rung. I don't use the two extra pads and it's just fine for me. This is similar to a lot of things that you see on the market and there are a lot of ways to Help your neck , back and your spine. I find this is lightweight easy to use. And less expensive than a lot of the so called pharmaceutical type neck rest. I think this is very good to use in a meditative state for 10 minutes or so. I recommend my friend. Keep pain free till the end. Thank you. God bless you. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
775. Good product. Seems like it will work with creams.
776. Waste of money, cause suffocation, unable to sleep more over doesn't serve the purpose at all.
777. Very effective in doing its job. Virtually no smoke comes out! Works even better with a dryer sheet inside of it, but not necessary. Great quality for the price, too.
778. *Update: Now that I've used this a little while and have gotten used to it, I upgraded my review from 3 to 4 stars.I guess I was expecting something different. I’ve had those metal head scratchermassage things before that feel amazing when you use them. This is meant to use in the shower when you shampoo your hair. I was thinking it would feel similar to the metal ones but would have an added benefit of being able to use in the shower. You are definitely able to do that with this and it feels decent on your scalp. The bristles are stiff though, not flexible like the metal ones, which feel amazing when you use them. I got this item for free as part of the Vine program and probably would not purchase this item for myself after using it. The price is good though and I’m probably going to try this with my dogs. I think it would make a great scrubber to use for their baths. It’s just not that great for me.
779. Noise canceling white noise. Adjustable to make different tones. Perfect for if you work overnights and sleep during the day.
780. Bought for my daughter she cannot sleep with out it now!
781. Love this product and hard to Find in stock at the big box stores.
782. Spent a week in India. Was concerned about you know what. Didn't have any problems
783. My husband is really into his Norelco shaver and all the different replacement blades.  As with all his past replacements new blades take about 3 or more shaves to really seat good with blades and cutters. He always applies a drop of shaver oil to each new blade. These blades worked good for him. They are sharp and gave good close shaves and are also quiet running. As far as how long they last time will tell but the cost of these blades are about 13 of OEM Norelco blades and all the OEM ones he has tried last about 6 months. Overall these are good working heads and a good value.
784. They should just take them off the shelf as they do nothing for you
785. A friend let me try this and encouraged me to buy some and try it for some days, which I did. It tasted very good, but the only effect that I am aware of is that I became flushed right after drinking it. This led me to believe that I am allergic to something in the ingredients. No sense putting the adrenals to work on that!
786. These cushion is exactly what is needed. Really good support when sitting for long periods
787. Works great!!!!!!!!!
788. I really don't see the big deal about these glass filers. They look neat, but they just quietly do their job. They come in a case to keep them from scratching other things or being scratched up.While they are listed as buffers, they are more of a nail file.Overall, functional, nice, but just another nail tool.
789. I bought it as a gift. My friend told me there were only 4 holes, not six as in description.
790. The size and the fact that it is rechargeable make it perfect for travel.  Unless you are travelling for a long time you won't need to take the charger because it holds a charge for a decent amount of time.  I use it everyday because, without cords, it is easy to use in the shower.  It would be 5 stars if the "soft" setting were a little softer.
791. hehehehe good size for my needs
792. Nice bath brush has brush and scrungie thing. Sturdy plastic handle makes it fully waterproof and easy to reach where it needs to.
793. I like the small pouch to store these clippers.  These will be so easy to take along on our trips.
794. Cute, kids liked them, everything stuck together without glue or anything.
795. This is a perfect item. I have stomach issues and I can wear this while walking around. I recommend this highly
796. The mask is great, but I really thought there were going to be 2 masks, hence there being &#34;2pcs&#34; in the title. Whatever though, I'm happy with the purchase!
797. Sturdy and beautiful, but the top screws into the inside and it is not quite big enough to hold toothpicks without them interfering with the top closing.
798. This is great, it works as it should. I only take it every other day because it makesme nauseated if I take every day. I started on the Keto diet and didn't want anyconstipation and end up with ulcerative colitis. I am happy with he results.
799. As my other reviews state, benzoyl peroxide is benzoyl peroxide no matter the brand. This is an absurd deal and will last you years for less than the price of one tube anywhere hands down.
800. This is a really good wrap and the price is right.  The length is perfect so you can comfortably sit or lie down while wearing it and the material is soft.  The emerald color is nice and I find the velcro is more comfortable against the skin than on other wraps.  Also with microfiber the velcro doesn't pull the threads like with cotton. I don't dry off with it but I use it as a bathrobe and often wear it around the house in the morning or before bed at night.  You could probably sleep in this very comfortably and I'll try it on cold nights this winter.  I own a couple of the shorter cotton wraps and this one is longer so I don't feel uneasy about being seen wearing it and I have worn them to sit outside on my deck so I don't feel like I'm wearing a towel.  I also like it because I sunbathe nude and I can lie down on it and wrap up quick if necessary.  I know most people buy these as a &#34;utility&#34; garment, but I recommend it for lounging around in.
801. Sumptuous, thick and creamy. Feels amazing. Smells Heavenly. I like to put this on some rough skin on my feet. Works very well to moisture dry skin. Very neat jar, also, thick glass with a plastic lid. I've never seen better skin cream.
802. Super easy way to really clean between your toes. It would be 10 times more effective if the handle were 15 inches longer
803. I have occasional bleeding from my gums thanks to small periodontal pockets between my teeth that, thanks to my dentist, have stopped getting bigger. I ordered this thinking it would be good for emergencies when I accidentally hurt my gum and that it would stop the bleeding.Well, I did have a piece of food stuck in one of the pockets last night and got it out with a pick - however it caused it to bleed. I remembered I had this tube and massaged a little of the gel into the gum area. However, I looked at the tube and there were no precise instructions on what to do once you massage the gum area. Do you leave it on overnight? Do you wait 10 minutes and then brush? All it has is a small picture of the gel being put on the toothbrush. So is it to be used like toothpaste?Confusing, unclear, and my gums cleared up on their own without this "gel". You'd do better to just boil salt water and gargle your gum area. Poor instructions - I will never order this again.
804. Waste of money. Don't stay in place and too bulky to fit in shoes.
805. I like the small size and no filter needed features in this inexpensive air purifier.  It plugs in to an outlet easily and produces small amount of white noise. Works well when used in combination with larger Germ Guardian units in other rooms.  My two plug in units are used in a small powder room with a litter box and the vanity bath area in my dressing room attached to a bathroom.  Our house is equipped with UV lights and strong filters on total house air conditioningheating equipment as well. I also use an IQ air purifier unit for my large open plan livingdiningmedia room combo.  Needless to say I can't tell which air purifiers are doing the best job, but in combination they keep my house clean of dust, odors and most allergens.
806. I'm a busy mom and don't always have time to fix a big nutritious meal... and yet I still want to be providing my body with powerhouse nutrients to keep me going through the day. This powder is the perfect solution for me on days when a pack of crackers I found shoved in the bottom of the diaper bag between errands is what's on the menu for "Lunch." You just mix a scoop of the powder with 8 ounces of your beverage of choice and that's it! You've got a powerful nutrient boost! I'm really impressed by the ingredients in this powder. It's full of all the good stuff and free from all the bad stuff. It's sweetened with monk fruit and isn't full of a bunch of added ingredients and dyes. Flavor wise, I thought it was pretty good. It has a very pleasant berrypomegranate flavor. It wasn't a chore to drink, although the hint of beets was a bit unsettling. I doubt most people would even notice the mild beet flavor, but I have a profound abhorrence of beets, so I'm uber sensitive to the flavor and can pick it up in things where most people wouldn't have a clue it was even there, so unless you loathe beets as much as I do, it's probably not a big deal. I only notice the beet flavor when mixed with straight water. If you make a smoothie using this powder, vanilla protein, a few frozen strawberries and coconut milk, It's absolutely delicious and I don't pick up on the beets at all. This product is definitely on the pricey side, but as with most things in life, you get what you pay for. I would order this again.
807. This is a nice light toner that adds a little moisture to your skin after cleansing. It has a very light pleasant scent and dries quickly.
808. Had one of these Obusforme seat cushions in my car years ago - and it lasted for years! I'm retired now and was having trouble finding a cushion for my computer chair that was big enough for the chair seat AND stayed put. This cushion fills the ENTIRE seat of my chair and does not slide around much at all. Very comfortable. I feel like a couple of big soft hands are holding me. Really, really nice.Note: I don't have serious back problems when sitting, so I can't speak to whether this will help with sciatica or back issues. It IS more expensive than many of those curvy things that are designed for ergonomics, but this is waaay more comfortable for me, so worth the extra $$.
809. the pump is a little different than the old one i had (which hit the floor and was done).  it still works well, and i like the 3 test average function.  does not interact with the old cuff and tube.
810. Very comfortable, which surprised me! I love that it doesn't press against your eyes. I also suffer from extremely dry eyes, especially in the morning when I wake up, due to multiple fans running at night. This mask helped keep the moving air away from my eyes, which in turn led to waking up with a lot less pain!!! The added darkness was an added bonus!
811. I love the Orca.  The size is great.  I have mix and matched many for my shower stall.
812. This works great and it a great value. It doesn't take much to work.
813. Doesn't make sense. This product is perfect for vegetarians and they would make more money if they didn't use gelatin capsules. (cause more people could buy it)
814. This is a great price for a 4 pack of very nice household gloves.  The medium size fit me perfectly without flopping around, always a plus, and the lining makes them more comfortable that classic rubber gloves.  They may feel a bit light, again by comparison with your classic rubber glove, but so far they've held up to whatever I've thrown at them.  I suspect they'd be good for gardening, though I'm pretty sure they won't stand up to rose thorns. The only protection you'll get there is from dirty hands.  Four pair means you can dedicate a pair to specific tasks if you like. It's kind of nice to have a pair of these-are-for-scrubbing-the-toilet gloves. But then toilet scrubbing is one of the things I'm squeamish about.  Nice selection of colors too.
815. Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
816. Definitely great when the husband is in the doghouse! Who needs a man? Hands don’t cramp, no weird position. You can lay back and just enjoy. Quite phenomenal! No actual work! Very easy set up and has many different speeds and settings.
817. Instant - poor in hot water, it melts. I add milk and brown sugar. Perfect taste. Better than those other types that have multiple ingredients.
818. I use these to give my cat a baby aspirin every three days for his hear murmur.  He spits the tablets out, so I crush them and add a little water.  So, I use this to help him take the liquid.  Just have to be careful and easy because it could go down the wrong way.  We can control the flow with this more easily.
819. This really works well holding my shower attachment low on the small ceramic tile above the tub while bathing children.  Some have said it doesn't stick well if on grout lines. I have not had that issue. It sticks just fine. My only advice would be to be careful getting it out of the holder. Don't try to pull it, instead, slide it out so not to crack the holder.
820. I feel safe on this. It is solid.
821. Returning pad because it doesn't heat at all. Low setting barley gets warm & high is just warm, not enough heat to penetrate & help aching muscles.
822. I really love the new trend of healthier snacking. I've always been someone who loves food and indulging, but hate the post gluttony regret. With Companies like Jim Buddies coming into play, I can feel a little better about my sweet tooth.This was my first order and I went with the variety pack. Have to say I really enjoyed these. The donuts are the right stackable size and help curve my sweet tooth. The marcos are on point and are easily worked into my daily calorie intake and you got to love the protein boost (11g). The donut itself is cake like and moist, I was really pleased with the texture. Typically high protein products can be super dense and these were very well done.If I could make one change I would love to have a glaze, frosting or even like a textural component. I would love to see these with a boost of sweetness as a glaze, powder or frosting. I'm sure this is something these guys are looking into.I would 100% recommend trying these if you're looking for a healthy donut alternative. Pro-tip microwave for 10 second or toast in the toaster oven for 30 second to warm them up.
823. I use this when I need a Ben gay type lineament. It's kinda pricey, and smelly in a good way, and washes off of my hands easily with soap. Plus- no chemically ingredients.
824. Really only single use - they don’t stay put.
825. We ordered this packet of three and so far, we each like the size and the bottle markings. GOOD PRODUCT
826. My husband needed it to help heal his back using a wound vac.  The VA took forever to make a delivery which means I had to order it online.  It works well.
827. I bought this after reading the positive reviews. The first use and I had major razor burn. Granted, I do have sensitive skin, but according to other reviews and the description I didn't think that would be a problem. Unfortunately I was wrong. This may be good for others, but definitely not for sensitive skin.
828. Good quality. This was recommended by my chiropractor. It definately helps to get to those hard to reach spots plus does a better job than just using your hands. I did travel with this and it came apart and clipped together easily.
829. I've tried all flavors and lemonade is best. Peach is probably the worst. Does a great job of keeping you hydrated.
830. Nice color and works well.
831. Has all the right tools for quick adjustments. Easy to use.
832. I just received this thermometer, it does not beep and does not register normal temperatures, so far, every time we have tried it is been 96 or 97 degrees. Not accurate at all. For the price I am not going to return but leaving a warning to others
833. I am so happy I ordered this pillow; i like the memory foam and I don't sweat using this pillow.
834. Great cleaner for all metal only surfaces!
835. At least once a year I do colloidal mineral therapy for my health.  I became a believer in 1999 when I was still in pain after a car accident.  I had healed all that I could.  Then, I heard about colloidal mineral therapy.  Not even a month on it, my healing resumed...I was nutrient deprived.  This is the minerals PLUS vitamins...a good deal if you get just one product.  Tastes good enough to drink straight.
836. Decent. It's fish oil, how great can it be. Lemon is a nice touch though.
837. I got this after moving to a new apartment that has very little natural light. I have a number of plants that were not doing well so I got this lamp. My aloe has been happy but my orchids, which I specifically got this for, are dying now so I moved them away from the light and they seem to be making a comeback. It turns on fine, functions as expected, just not sure of the efficacy.UPDATE:I have increased my rating from 3 to 4 because the seller offered me a refund for the inconvenience of the product not working as well as I expected. Seller was very friendly and helpful.
838. Great taste!
839. Good when you have neuropathy
840. The quality of tea from this sellerbrand, Starwest is really good (having tried it from friends in the past and a brew made at one hotel). But how much product I received was very disappointing.For the record, this is my first & ONLY time order from the sellerbrand directly because they basically ripped me off in such a way. I love love LOVE their Lemon Balm tea, since my friends buy from Starwest and had me try it one time! This tea during the pandemic has awesome anti-bacterical properties so I had to stock up on some since some things seem to be scarce now & days.However, for the $14+ I was charged for this, you can see from my pictures that the packaging was never opened and look on how much tea product I was given. And this is a BIG BAG. What is the point of having it in a big bag when you will barely fill it or package it right.Please buy Lemon Balm tea elsewhere. While the taste and quality matters, so should the quantity you pay for.
841. So useful!!  Very sturdy.
842. I have yet to find a floss that is comfortable as Glide. Sadly, this is yet another one that fails to feel comfortable to use. I managed to get it to work for some of my teeth but it got caught through other gaps that were too narrow. It also started shredding on the first use! Lastly, I don't think the packaging is hygienic - most floss packages have an outer flap or covering but this one allows the floss to exposed to the air even before you open the package. I wanted to toss away the ziploc bag that encased the box, but found that was impossible given that the naked package would get dirty sitting in my bathroom cabinet. Not recommended.
843. The plastic bottle it comes in is cheap and useless it sprays poorly and it leaks when you tip it on its side to spray. Probably transfer into a manduka container.
844. Item was not what I expected. The pill compartments were to small for what I needed. Not fond of the design. Meaning how you got the pills out.
845. These glasses come in a nice, organized presentation with a case for each one. The frames are much better than you usually see in cheaters. They have solid screws and seem fairly sturdy. Of course, only time will tell if they live up to the first impressions. I love the colors in the set - blue, red and brown. I actually like the blue ones enough that I'm going have the lenses replaced with tinted sun glass lenses.
846. The O-Ring selection was great for the price and meets all of my current needs.  The only objection is that the largest size was needed for a rather average size Seiko watch back and many current watches are larger than that.  Not sure how adequate this O-Ring set might be for some of the larger watches currently in fashion.  Still a very good buy.
847. Can’t believe I didn’t buy these YEARS ago...I have wasted so much money on the name brand allergy pill. This generic version works just as well and is a fraction of the cost!
848. These forks are amazing. I love that there is no plastic in them and that they are compostable . I’m not a big green person but I will do anything that I can to lower my footprint if possible.These forks are an amazing quality. I was concerned about the strength of the fork but I promise they are better than many of the plastic forks that I have used in the past. I am very pleased with them!
849. OK scale, seems to be a little inaccurate, same reading three days in a row. But for the price it will do.
850. I wore it about 30 min to an hour. I couldn't stand it. My jaw just didn't feel right. Sent it back. I wish I could have tested it all night. I set my phone app &#34;Snore Lab&#34; to check but just couldn't hack it. Sorry
851. At first, these heel cups felt like cushy heaven; in the first few hours of wearing them, I thought I had solved a painful back problem.  But after a few days of using a set all day every day, it became clear they added to my already painful back problem by being too thick.  They threw my spine out of alignment and a pinched nerve became excruciating. I could hardly get out of bed or even move around. The only relief was NOT using these for an entire day. Also, they were so sticky that when I slipped my foot into the shoe, the heel cup moved forward with my foot.  I had to hold the cup down with my finger as I put my foot into the shoe. I cannot recommend these, especially if you are dealing with a degenerated spinal disk.
852. There are six medium, thick "Thank You" bags in this set. Also, there are 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag. It is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out.These bags are beautiful, especially in the black with gold lettering. This medium bag fits two one liter bottles of olive oil  with a little more room to spare for other items such as a wooden spoon set, etc.The current price of 13.99 comes to $2.33 per bag which is a little pricey. However, these are lovely bags but I just wish they came pre-assembled.
853. As a man I like the abrasive feeling which I assume removes dead dry skin.  Also I use on my back and I feel good afterwards.
854. I can't say if this really works for bugs because we were using every bug repellent there is but I can say there isn't a bug spray stench to it, which is nice.
855. this is a great product, freshens up almost everything!  fast shipping
856. Looks great. Easy to apply to water bottles.
857. it's a beautiful scale and it's accurate - i have another different kind of scale at home.  they showed almost the same reading.  thanks, etekcity.
858. Wonderful so far!  This is not for taste and enjoyment people! It is for healing.  So just suck it up in lemonade or put it in a capsule!  Please Samsara, do not change the formula!
859. I've reviewed a lot of pre-workout supplements over the years and I'm always amazed by how few of them want to admit that their primary boost is caffeine. The next question is how much caffeine is included, which they almost never acknowledge in light of the daily recommended amount (400 milligrams, in case you're wondering). Tattle gets props for listing the amount in the ingredients.130 mg for one scoop is a little more than one-fourth of what's healthy for you, so this is a significant boost -- not counting any tea or coffee or soda you drink during the day. I'm sensitive to caffeine so I only take a teaspoon and that's plenty of energy for me.The bigger problem is how dry it tastes. I'm guessing it's the "dash of Monk Fruit for a tart, berry flavor." I'm not a fan. Still, I mix it with the rest of my shake in the morning and although the taste was initially a shock I've gotten over it.
860. Bought 2 sets, comes with some disposable files, the actual tools work well in the properly trained hands to use them. This set is not for those who do not know how to use those tools properly and SAFELY.  In short, unless you absolutely know how to use these tools, they can really tear some stuff up. Implements and tools work great, but could be damaging in unskilled hands.
861. While I do like the fabreze brand I wasn’t impressed with this item.  It doesn’t remotely smell of pine and I’m not exactly sure just what it does smell like.  Besides being an unrecognizable fragrance it’s also very strong smelling and that’s not a good thing!  I wouldn’t buy this scent again.
862. We use these in the Jazz clubs to tone down enthusiastic players.  Don't take them to the gun range and expect any kind of protection.  That's not their intention.
863. I ordered this and it doesn't work. Ive tried two set of batteries and nada. very disappointed.
864. First off, I bought this product for my grandmother who was diagnosed with dementia almost a year ago. I had seen it as a lightning deal and decided to try it for her in addition to her medication she is currently taking. I must say I do think the product seems to help her. I know it can be tricky writing a review on a vitamin because just like medication, everyone reacts differently. I have seen days where she is really good and sharp  almost like her old self and yet she has some days that are not so great. I feel this product has helped with her mood swings and her cognitive functions. I do recommend trying this product but it doesn't work over night so I wouldn't expect it to a 'miracle' vitamin. My grandma has been on this vitamin for a couple of months now, and I'm pleased with the results I have seen for her.
865. Beautiful and good quality!
866. Really impressed with the quality, especially for the price. My husband is very pleased with them; just what he needed.
867. Great that you can just flush after.
868. This is quality product, but it won't dissolve in water. The best way I've found to use it is to put it in a smoothie. That also kind of wasted because it sticks to the sides of the glass. I doubt I'll buy this again unless it comes in a truly powdered form. It's too expensive for me to waste like this.
869. Have not reviewed product effectively to give a response at this time.
870. This stuff is amazing. Leaves your face very clean and yet not over stripped. Nice scent not strong. Will buy it again.
871. Daughter loves these to take her iron and says it works well. These help her to have more energy and have increased the iron levels in her system. This has been great for her because she has anemia issues.
872. work really well.  They reduce volume but music still sounds great.  be very careful when inserting.  I accidentally put one in too deep and it was really difficult to remove, I was almost afraid I might have to get it medically removed.  Got it out with a pointy set of forceps that I managed to get one end in the ear plug hole and get enough grip to pull the plug out. Having a case is also a really nice bonus.
873. When our twin grandchildren were born, I saw the nurses using these and they seemed to work very well.  Since the hospital used them, with good results, I figured staying with a proven product was the way to go.  I bought these for my daughter and son-in-law to use.  They find them very convenient when traveling or those times when a real bath is either unavailable or inconvenient.
874. I’ve bought this a few times now. No, it doesn’t look spiffy but it works. No incentive given to me to write this. I just really like it and trust it.
875. BEST stain remover EVER!
876. Awesome Set Perfect to have for Shoes that need Adjustment. Nothings Perfect but this set works for me!
877. This is so good.  Love adding this to our smoothies when we are doing a cleanse.
878. Filtered my kidney stones out.
879. This is the 26th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and it is an decent monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one operates within 5 to 8 points plus or minus from my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 99 readings per user. Note that I did not take 198 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. What is excellent is that the display is color coded. A green backlight means the pressure is normal or low depending on the numbers displayed, an orangeyellow background indicates mild hypertension, and a red background indicates severe hypertension. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings. There is one large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied and that is via the supplied micro-USB cable (an AC adapter was not included) or via four AA batteries that are NOT included. Time settings are in 12 or 24-hour clock.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual- One User Guide- One large cuff- One micro-USB cable- One thin carry pouchFEATURES- Up to 99 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading and having the color-coded display is great.- The cuff is 22 to 40 cm (8.66 to 15.748 inches).- The user guide is decent.- Accuracy is good and compares with the BP range taken on my two 5-star gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is easy by pressing SET (when power is off) and then SET again to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings.- The date and time settings are remembered after power is removed. I tested this for one.NEGATIVES- The reading has a backlight that goes out too quickly. I would have preferred it stayed lit a few more seconds.- The memory delete does not work as specified in the manual. It needs to say that when the display is off, press the MEM button until a BP reading is displayed, then while holding down the button, press the STARTSTOP for two seconds until the dotted lines appear.This is a decent BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is very simple and was explained well in the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed.In summary, this BP monitor displayed numbers within a 5-to-8-point range (+ or -) of my two go to monitors.  Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is super easy but is not as written in the manual. The cuff is large enough for most individuals, although it is about one inch smaller than most large cuffs. The LCD Display is large and the color-coding is good to have but the display lights go out quickly, which is a negative. It displays an AVG after three readings, which is a plus. The current price of $29.99 is reasonable for this monitor.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about the other monitors I have tried. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors and one I purchased a few months ago on Amazon. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. Unfortunately, it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. I love the arm cuffs on this monitor because one size fits most.   – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated only. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  –  Super basic. Only stores 15 numbers in memory for one user without any date and time. There’s no case and it is battery operated only.  – This is good if storage for 4 family members is needed. It comes with a carrying case and it is battery operated only.  – The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. Only a standard cuff is supplied & the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro-USB (cable not supplied).  - The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. There’s also an alarm feature. A larger-sized standard cuff is supplied but the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro USB (neither is supplied). (3.5 stars) - This is a decent monitor with a large cuff so larger individuals can use it. It is only battery operated via 4AAA batteries and only has one user mode with 99 memory points. The biggest negative is the European date and time. (3.5 stars) -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - The monitor is for 2 users w90 readings each. It has a large cuff and two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable). The drawbacks are that I could not get the monitor to pair with the app with Bluetooth on and the angle of the display makes it difficult to read unless it is tilted back. Also, the time is only displayed as a 24-hour clock.  - The monitor is for 2 users w250 readings each. It has a large cuff with a cord that is just a tad shorter than other monitors I tried. There is one power source included (4 AAA batteries). There is also a connection for AC cord but that must be purchased separately. The LCD Display is large and easy to read.  – This monitor has two user modes w99 readings per user. The cuff is large, so most people will be able to use this. Two AAA batteries are the only power option. There is a speech option which is set by default. Time setting is military time only.  – This monitor has four user modes w240 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AA batteries or AC adapter – both supplied. It has a seven-day AMPM average feature in addition to the regular average feature. Smart app does not work and keeps crashing.  – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (not included) or AC adapter (included). It has a regular BP average feature. The display is large for easy reading.  – This monitor has two user modes with 60 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by the two included AAA batteries. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. Unfortunately, the BP is actually 20 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure) mostly due to the unitcuff design that does not allow for a secure fit.  The respiration number is accurate, however.   – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). The cuff inflation is so strong that this is the most uncomfortable monitor I ever tried. It caused my arm to go numb and left a mark and pain for hours.  - This monitor has two user modes with 99 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by two AAA batteries, NOT INCLUDED. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. There’s also a voice assist option. Unfortunately, the BP is around 10 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure). The closer the user holds the arm to heart level, the less the inaccuracy but it is still not as good as the gold standard.  The respiration number is accurate, however.  – This monitor has two user modes with 120 readings per user. This monitor is very basic as it does not have an average or irregular heartbeat feature. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). There’s voice guidance. - This monitor did not work at all and kept displaying ERR4 indicating there is a cuff problem. As an FYI only, this has two user modes with 99 readings per user. After three readings it provides an average. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is both in 12 and 24-hour clock. (1 star) - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. Operation is via 4 AAA batteries but the ones included were DEAD. The other power option is via a 6V adapter that is not included. The manual is comprehensive and clear. The cuff is large enough for most individuals. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. The readings are extremely accurate. Time is in military time only. This is a great basic monitor and would have received 5 stars if it were not for the DEAD batteries.  - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There is one power option supplied (two available but a USB cable was not included) and that is via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable or via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do. It is also very basic and does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable (included) or via four AA batteries (not included). The LCD Display is large but sometimes not easy to read due to haze of other numbers. Time settings are available in 12 or 24-hour clock. The numbers are AVERAGED after two reads. BP takes a long time to register, so this is not a fast reader. Voice option is available.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via a Type C USB cable (included) or via four AAA batteries (included). The LCD Display is large and easy to read and color coded in orange, green, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT.  Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The numbers are averaged after three BP and it has an irregular heartbeat indicator. (4.5 stars) – This wrist monitor is cheap junk. It holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. It has a large display and takes two AAA batteries NOT included. There is an average feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The manual is incomplete. Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors and this monitor would have received 4 stars had it not been for the cheap faceplate which falls off repeatedly because it is only taped on. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off. There are NO date or time settings. 
880. I am disappointed because I ordered two Rose Gold curlingflat irons that are shown on the box but they were Gold.  Also, the products we're made cheaply.
881. Perfect for keeping my toddlers glasses on his head plus it comes with a lot!
882. This product has no obvious effect on my brain. I took double the dose, and still nothing. Most of the ingredients are not associated with cognitive health, so I was not expecting this product to work, but I thought I would try it anyway. Bacopa is the only ingredient in this that is primary associated with brain benefits, and it is the reason this product is named Memory+. This has bacopa leaves, not the more potent extract. Supplements that contain standardized extracts are more effective. Plant-based products can have wide variability in their active compounds. Skip this product and get a standardized bacopa extract.I measured 780 mg of powder in two pills. This is far off the claimed 1000 mg of ingredients. I measured two more pills and got the same discrepancy. This company is under dosing its pills. Another product I tried from this company had the same problem.The company is hiding the quantities of the ingredients inside of a proprietary blend.
883. This is a great milk substitute. It easily dissolves in warm water, and taste good too. I love being able to have chocolate milk again.
884. Smells great, scent does change a little over time.
885. Didn't use it long enough to give a fair review.
886. very good soft, blocks out light and decreases sound mildly
887. With so many of us using sonicare toothbrushes, I am always looking for great value packs so we're set with replacement brush heads when they're needed.With just one person I replace the brush head at least 5-6 times a year.  Adds up to a lot of money.With nice value packs like this, I can save money.The brushes are nice.  Soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.Love the indicators on the brushes so I know exactly when I need to replace the head so I'm always getting the best brushing on my teeth.Love the value of these.
888. Fake sweet taste. The stuff gave me a head ache.
889. If Vicks VapoRub were a shower steamer, this would probably be it. It smells exactly the same, and boy does it seem medicinal to me. I guess gentleman really enjoy Vicks over things that actually smell good? I don’t get it. I’m glad there was less packaging (but keep in a dry place, or they’ll be ruined), so that’s a plus, but I genuinely found the fragrance of these to be unpleasant. I bet they’re great if you have a cold or something, but other than that? I didn’t find it particularly soothing.
890. I was shockingly surprised but this actually works!! Good thing I have two in this pack!! It helps me when I'm walking!!
891. This is a lovely set. The “either hand” mitt fits a woman’s hand, perfectly. I love the duo thumb holes so I can switch hands.The length of the back scrubber is also just right, making it easy & comfortable to use (other’s I have bought were so long it was difficult to use). I really like the medium knubb of the material - gives a good scrub but soft enough to be gentle on your skin. The end handles are strong & positioned just right.Both pieced are easy to use, make lots of lather & are easy to rinse clean then hang to try.I will definitely buy again & think this set is pretty enough to make a nice holiday gift, as well.
892. A great addition to the kettlekorn I already had. Together with graham and caramel makes a tasty vape.
893. I'm a little divided with my partner on this one.  She seems to really like it and I'm definitely more tepid on it.  It is soft and it does have secure Velcro (at least for now.)  I like the color and it is not completely unflattering when she wears it.  But I find it a little lacking in quality of materials and details.  The Velcro looks visually uncomfortable and I'm not a big fan of the way the elastic bunches the fabric, nor is the fabric particularly plush.She sees lots of potential as a swimming and bath wrap and would probably give it five stars and I would give it three so I split the difference.  Personally I would just like something that exudes a little more quality, but I will not doubt the utility.  Particularly, the Velcro does hold very strongly and you can feel secure in that it will not suddenly release like a normal towel.  Price is not bad, but I would pay more for more.
894. The item looks perfectly fine but it simply does not work. I don't know if it's the plastic pad... but this just will NOT curl my eyelashes whatsoever. No matter how hard I tried. Very disappointing. :(
895. Exactly as pictured and described. Recommended if you need good quality boric acid.
896. Makes nice curls and easy to use
897. Works well, sized appropriately according to the sizing guide listed. Definitely helps with mild knee pain.
898. Not as good as a prior version.  I found it to be more difficult to get accurate readings. Seemed to lose its effectiveness quickly.
899. I put in my gym bag and take it to yoga, pilates and the gym. It is lightweight, fits perfectly and works like a charm. I like that I dont have to look for the lacrosse ball or the peanut; I always know where they are. Just perfect.
900. Worked well right out of the box.
901. I’ve used this twice. The stability is awful! This has completely fallen apart. No longer glued together to even use. Do not recommend
902. Just purchased this unit after carefully researching all the foot spas on Amazon. Well I'm here to tell you this is garbage. After the first use it started leaking terribly from the back where a cord is. This cord does nothing from what I can tell and is not even mentioned in the very poor manual included with this junk of a unit. $129 for this?? We tried to troubleshoot and to no avail. Keeps leaking water. Instructions are lame as well. If you want heat you can only get it using the surf (bubbles) function. No other way. Cannot turn off bubbles with heat. I think all the 4 & 5 star reviews are fake. This is being returned asap!!
903. The device comes with one battery. You unscrew the bottom of the device, put the battery in, and screw it back together. Then you unscrew the top and use the included USB charging cord to charge the battery whenever it's low. A red light next to the USB port indicates charging and green is charged. You screw on the top to use. The button is at one end and the lights at the other. The three LED therapy lights are very small, but they seem quite powerful. They shine brightly through my hand joints. My initial impressions are that this does help with my arthritis inflammation. The light should be used against bare skin and can be held directly against the skin. One of the lights is infrared (heat), so the head can get warm and you may need to let it cool (while off) before continuing to use it. It has 10 minutes before automatic turn-off, and the head only gets mildly warm by the end of that time . The therapy area (lighted area at the end) is 0.75" across, so the downsize is the limited area that you can treat at one time while the advantage is that it's battery-powered portable. The power button sequence is: one press = on, two = off, three = strobe light, four = off. I don't like how fast the strobe light pulses and so will never use it. You never have to see the strobe if you just hit once to turn on and once to turn off (and wait before turning it back on).When placed on a hard surface, the little stand will hold the light pointed where you want it. I see no point to using the stand as distance decreases the penetrating power of the light hitting your skin.
904. Get size for traveling but is way too hard to get open.
905. High quality, works well for pain relief & support. A little uncomfortable but that's to be expected.
906. Very good ! Used as soon as I got in the mail and was absolutly amazing at replenishing my dry skin that cold winter day! Soaks in immediately ! Beautiful! Thanks!
907. Very good quality and very buitiful.
908. I have been using this product for years. Ordering the two pack avoids you getting the "new flavor" that tastes horrid
909. I really and truely believe this product helped me in my weight loss plan.  I began dieting and exercising while supplementing this product.  After about 8 weeks or so, I had lost 15lbs.  I don't think I would have lost that much without this product.  I am still working on losing 10 more pounds and continue to use this product.  It is hard for me to lose weight also, because I am not very much overweight, so it takes a lot more for me to lose weight, and this gives me that extra help.  I recommend this product as a supplement to dieting and exercising.
910. Seems like quality magnesium and exactly the kind I wanted.
911. I like that I can pick up the soap and pump it into the dishpan.
912. These go with the TENS unit I bought and are wonderful on my lower back.  Would recommend all their products highly.
913. Elderberry is a very potent anti-viral and I use it whenever I feel the symptoms of a cold or flu coming on.  I always feel good the next day.  I think these elderberry gummies with vitamin C and zinc are very tasty and are an excellent daily preventative to keep your immune system nice and strong.
914. The description says (copied & pasted)  "Including: Cleaning supplies, including 1 sanitary stick, 1 storage bucket and 10 disposable sanitary stick refills". The title didn't say it but I bought this based on the description. This is useless as is. It won't work with a Clorox wand. Plus, I didn't know it was being mailed from China. Guess I didn't read the description well enough. Returning asap.
915. I searched for the best prices sticky rolls for my black scrubs and this did a great job. Not to impressed with the red flint comb because the rolled does a better job. But overall, I’d give this product a 5 and would buy again.
916. Works great!  Lots of tools.
917. I find that this helps with digestion, gas and many other gastric issues that you might have, including diarrhea and constipation.
918. It's nice to soak but I don't think any type of home foot soaker will have the power of an actual foot massage.  But for soaking for spa purposes it worked great. My feet were soft and smooth after 20 minutes of soaking and the heat works great without getting too hot. The bubbles were stronger than other ones I have tried. There is a vibrating function which does feel nicer than I thought it would.  The rollers are a bit hard though after 20 minutes of soaking.
919. Now, these are awesome sponges. I had to replace a sponge I had for a while and these have been awesome. I love the two different sides because you have the normal washing sponge part but then the top side is a rough exfoliating side and it works great for those rough areas and getting off all the dead skin that's built up from the winter. I am loving these and they are making my skin feel amazing.
920. I am posting this for my star rating only.Make no mistake, I really enjoy this.I don't feel like taking the time to write something meaningful.
921. Very Nice!! But be gentle! A beginner could easily use to much pressure and harm the nail!
922. I put these in my work sneakers and really like them a lot.  The are easy to use and easy to trim to the perfect size.  They are very comfortable and don't cause my feet to sweat too bad (a walk 8 to 10000 steps a day at work so I'm on my feet and lot).  They also stay put hen I take my sneakers off.  They have made my ratty old sneakers feel like new ones.  They do really form to your feet and are very comfortable all day long.
923. This is a good supplement with vitamin c, zinc, and magnesium along with a blend of herbs. The capsules are easy to swallow. Because of the magnesium, I take it at night since magnesium can make you sleepy. My only real complaint is the amount of vitamin C isn’t high enough in my opinion. Only 255mg per serving, so I still have to take an additional vitamin C supplement.
924. These are thin and flexible. They clean well and stay clean and odor free. Would buy again.
925. Good for the Money fast ship effective trimmer for the money
926. Good product for getting potassium plus the added kelp.
927. I got this for my mom as a gift and she loves it! Crap i love it! Fast shipping too! Will buy again!
928. I take Hyaluronic Acid everyday.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than write my review about. Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid 460mg with Methylsulfonylmethane - Improves Symptoms of Joint Inflammation, Alleviates Muscle Soreness, Maintains Healthy Skin.  I have been using Hyaluronic Acid for awhile to help with my hip pain and it really seems to help..  A side effect is it improves your skin and gums. This products claims to  IMPROVES SYMPTOMS OF JOINT INFLAMMATION - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules could be your best choice when there is too much joint pain and you want an effective, safe and natural product to help ease the symptoms. Hyaluronic acid (HA) keeps the fluid in between your joints healthy and viscous, thereby making the fluid an effective lubricant. A decrease of this fluid due to aging or joint disease will cause inflammation, pain and eventually joint degeneration.Well i think this claim is true it really helped me with my hip pain.  I can exerciser now with no pain.  Also it claims to ALLEVIATES MUSCLE SORENESS - The muscle soreness caused by the inactivity of a painful and inflamed joint will be eased the natural and safe way by taking Pure Science HA capsules. Limitation of joint movements can weaken the muscles, damage the joint and sets a cascade of further physical problems. Hence, taking an effective supplement early on to address joint problems can prevent muscle soreness caused by inactivity.  Well i do try to keep active so my body does not shut down.  This product helps with that.  It also will help MAINTAIN HEALTHY SKIN - Let's face it, the inevitable signs of aging will eventually show on our faces. But there is hope for that sagging skin with Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules, that can improve the elasticity of your skin. HA helps your skin retains much needed moisture that normally declines with age. that is so true. This product is  NATURAL AND SAFE - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid Supplements, an all natural and convenient source of Hyaluronic Acid with MSM content, are carefully processed and made available in vegetarian capsule form. Pure Science.  These Hyaluronic Acid capsules are made under strict GMP standards.  This company offers a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - We trust our brand so much that a 100% money back guarantee is offered.  This product is also good and the capsules are potent for 2 years from the manufacture date.  This is a great Hyaluronice Acid product.
929. Talc,There is nothing I have ever found that smoother and talc. This new stuff you buy with cornstarch is terrible. Thank you for the great product.
930. This XUYU Infrared Heating Pad Natural Jade Tourmaline for Back Neck Shoulder gets nice and toasty, but is stiff, and smells like burning wires or chemicals. I love the size, as it covers my entire back, though I am quite short. This is the first time I've tried a heating pad that has Jade tourmaline, but it seems to give it a more even, and hot heat.  It does take a little while longer for it to heat up than a regular heating pad, but there's no way I could use it turned on the highest setting, as it gets so very hot. The heating pad material is quite stiff and just does not feel very nice against my skin. It would be quite hard to wrap around your shoulder or any other part of your body, as it is not very flexible. I even find it a bit uncomfortable leaning back on it, when sitting on my sofa.When turned on, it smells quite strongly of wires or chemicals burning. I thought that it would go away after a bit of use, but it is still the same. I know some people go to sleep with a heating pad on, but I would not feel safe leaving this one on without it being looked after. The smell bothered me so bad, I actually stopped using it, for fear that there is a short in it somewhere.Though I really love the heat produced by this natural Jade tourmaline heating pad, the burning smell makes me afraid to use it. It is nice and large, but the stiffness of the material is a bit uncomfortable, as well. Maybe it is supposed to be that way, due to the Jade tourmaline, but neither the smell nor the feel is very comforting to me. Hopefully others will not have this experience, but it's just not my favorite.
931. Your glasses may not slip as easily, but everyone will know you are wearing these as they as super thick and if your glasses are black they just stick out like a sore thumb. When I peeled them off they left a sticky residue that worked better than the pads themselves, but the residue wore off in a couple days.
932. These glasses are very nice and good quality.  The other Spring Runway set I got were junk but these sunglasses were great.
933. I got these to use in my son's diapers overnight since he was no longer waking up in the night, and sleeping on his belly which caused leaks daily! (6 months old) I tried the overnight diapers and still got leaks! I purchased these and added one to his overnight diaper and finally!! No more leaks!!
934. Love this bay rum alcoholado rub! I will order again.
935. Hubs and I have been taking a blend of mushroom powder everyday for months and I think it has really helped with our immune system. When this mushroom supplement came up on my list of items I could review I instantly selected it. I like the variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
936. For the current price of $44, I am  disappointed in this sleep mask. First of all, it is a gorgeous blue and that is the nicest thing about it. Also, it comes in a giftable package.I tried the mask and it barely works for me. The mask has some slight padding, which is nice and it is soft but not as soft as I expected. The adjustable strap is super thin and when I adjust it most of the way, it is still too tight around my eyes. Also, a tiny bit of light seeps in through the bottom of the mask.In summary, this mask is a gorgeous color and feels nice but the strap does not match what I expect to get for $44. It also is not completely light blocking. I personally do not feel  this mask should be priced more than $22.
937. This brand was used on the feather.The entire feather swelled up and I lost layers of skin.As you can see the black (which is another brand) had no issues.Stay far away from this brand. Unless expensive scars are a good time to you
938. I bought this to help me sleep. It took 2 tablespoons to do it but it did help.
939. This is what they use in my eye doctors office.  Good enough for them….then it’s good enough for me!
940. Lots of Horse sized pills, but really good product.
941. I'm fond of this lotion. It's definitely a good alternative to Jergans for dry skin. I usually use lotion on my feet, especially in winter, and I'm getting comparable results to standard Jergens. I also really like the scent of this lotion -- it's pleasant, but a little stronger than I like.
942. I've been using the cup for about 2 years and this is a amazing product and I can't believe I've went so long without it. Cleans within 3 mins.
943. Wouldn’t cut worth a hoot ! Scissors kept falling a part . Took over 2 hrs to cut a Yorkie and the dog was being good but the clippers just wouldn’t cut ! Got a set of WAHL and they are great !
944. I bought this glycerin because it was *supposed* to be Essential Depot brand. Instead I got the glycerin with the red, white, and blue label.I expect to receive what is in the picture. I will send a note to Essential Depot informing them of the switch.I ain't very happy right now.
945. This mask is excellent. It has a nose wire and internal pocket for the supplied filters. The ear loops are adjustable with the silicone adjuster; however, they can fall off if adjusted too much. A lanyard would prevent them from falling off.There are two thick filters supplied as well.  The only big negative with this mask is that the medium adult size is more like a kid-size mask. I usually take a medium in a mask as I find the large is too loose. However, with this mask, I should have picked a large.The $19.99 price tag is also too expensive for this. If the sizing were right, it would have gotten 4 stars from me. If both the sizing and price were right (about $10), then it would have received 5 stars.
946. My husband and I are hooked on these Insoles! I use mine as a precautionary measure at the gym, because I always seem to end up having solearch issues when I'm working out (happens mostly on my heavy cardio days). I bought a second setpair for my husband, because he is on his feet for 8 to 10 hours a day at work and needs this Arch Support Shoe Insole to alleviate the pain he normally experiences on his feet. It has been working well for both of us and needless to say, I am beyond thrilled that I was given the opportunity to review it. Had it not been for this opportunity, I would never have encountered this brand!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experiences with whatever product I am reviewing. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
947. These are completely inedible.  Way too  stiff to eat.  If you try to heat it up in order to soften it, and heat it for just a little too long it puffs up and smells horrible.  Do not recommend.
948. Omg...it's awesome!I can see it as I massage my clients.
949. A little difficult for kids to use but ok for the price
950. Disclaimer:  I have an autoimmune issue that is giving me a lot of food sensitivities. My diet is currently restricted from food groups so I am Paleo. I have tried different protein powders and mixes. After mostly miss rather than hit, it was recommended that I try the beef protein isolate. I make a smoothie most mornings with mostly vegetables and 12 a granny smith apple.  It would be nutritious for me, but my tummy did not like the pea protein powder and I would be slightly queasy after drinking it.  Today, I made my smoothie using this powder and WOW!!! It tastes great.  It was a big difference going down. My tummy likes this stuff.  I have to use this pure because other mixes might be too sweet.  This is a great product that delivers.  Seriously - just one smoothie and I am definitely on board with this for good!  No more switching around.  And the price is reasonable as well. Who could ask for more!
951. I have a pair of heavy glasses and a super tiny nose bridge. I notice that it works better if my nose isn't oily, and I usually have to reapply at some point through the day, but I swear by this product. It has made going on dates, working in the lab, and driving so much better!
952. This is a small, lightweight medical bag. You can customize your own first aid kit or a bare minimum trauma kit. I use this bag for my routine home visits as a hospice nurse.There are two zippered side pockets and a main section organizer. The material is a bright orange, so they know you're coming!My kit contains auto blood pressure machine w cuff, stethoscope, digital thermometer, raptor trauma shears, pulse oximeter, LED light, measuring tapes, and nitrile gloves.Perfect for lightweight use. Adding any significant will make the bag collapse upon itself as there is no bottom stiffener for support. I will definitely consider this bag again for light field use.
953. I truly saw no results while taking this.  Not a single thing.  While they are huge capsules, they are smooth and easy to swallow.  The flavor isn't too bad either.  I just wished I actually seen results.
954. It worked great for a month and then one day the bottom leg fell off and now won't work and themed won't go back on....
955. I have bought this product before from other seller and is not even close to the one I used to buy.
956. How can you pissible eat the recommended 5 servings of fruit and 5 serving of vegatables a day... Answer: You Can't.  So, that's why I take this product every day.  It also helps me to keep my hair (which at my age is difficult).
957. Especially since my mom had a busted ankle recently this is good to help her get around a little better than the traditional walker without as much bulk as a wheelchair.
958. Cools drys quickly and relieves pain as stated. I had foot surgery 3 years ago and still am tortured from pain day to day and this has seriously helped to soothe the pain away.
959. Great product. We use it frequently.
960. My husband loves it!
961. I enjoy using them when I can. They leave white marks...but once it gets the job done I’m happy to wash the marks away 😁
962. I did not expect a lot from the product because of the price, but need to tell you that I am really impressed. Visible result right away after first use. I will be ordering again. Good quality product for a great price.
963. Not bad for the price except that the flip up head hinge broke off after a few months.
964. great deal,fast delivery,good quality product
965. Fits the description
966. This tongue scraper works very very well! I could never really clean my tongue with a toothbrush, it just made me gag but this is really nice. I can take it to the back of my tongue and just scrape the entire top side of my tongue and actually clean it very well!Definitely recommend this product!
967. My boys love the taste of these probiotics and I love that they keep them healthy, regular and are sugar free! Total mom win in my book!!
968. Worked a couple of times, then stopped.  Put new batteries in; again, worked a couple of times and then stopped.  Repeat.  Gave up.  Returned.
969. This stuff is amazing! Really helps to clean my face
970. Really horrible. I bought these instead of the Quest bars I usually eat, since they had several positive reviews. Have bitten into three flavors, and spit them all out. Nasty, sponge-like texture. All the 'flavors' are flavorless, just vaguely sweet. Protein bars are fuel, not indulgent, yummy food, but these are inedible. Will have to throw out the whole box.
971. This mask has a silk cover , and some kind of foamy cushion on the inside . It's the foamy cushion that bothers me . it works well. The sleep mask does not bend or flex while I'm using it because the cushion is stiff enough . It's not letting light through. The elastic is well designed and wide enough that the mask does not fall off while I'm sleeping ( most of the time) .Finally, I figured out the real problem is a faint smell - it smells like diesel fumes. I've soaped up and rinsed out three times, then rinsed out with fresh water twice and it is still there! It is faint but the problem is the smell builds when you put the mask on and lie still.It may wash out eventually but no wonder I disliked the mask so intensely. I have managed to wash it three times now. But at some still smells of diesel . I'm tired of washing it by hand. It hasn't done it much good. The silk is starting to pill and unravel around the seams. I'm tossing it in the washer lets see if I ever get a chance to wear it without gagging. Finally! After running it through the wash twice , the mask is now fume free . Was it worth it ? Absolutely not. I think I spent more money on soap and detergent trying to clean this thing than the actual price of this mask.
972. This is just an amazing system and it works! Try it. You also will be just astonished with the results. Well Done!
973. These pill holders a very bright and colorful. It is like starting and ending your day in a lighthearted mood. The compartments are large enough to fit 2 huge potassium pills with room to spare. They are easy to open and very easy to fill. I highly recommend them. Just know that they take up a fair amount of space.
974. The lamp directions show a screw to hold the lamp together but none was included so it falls apart.
975. Adjustable tension is lovely! very sharp and easy to control.case included doesn't quite fit scissors.
976. This thing works great!  I used to spend a half hour, or more, doing my feet with manual tools and now it takes just 10 minutes. I have been looking for something like this for several years and I am very happy I found this one.
977. Stands up great on solid floors. It is also flexible, making it very easy to use. Gives the added stability needed in a way that’s not as bulky as most. I love it!
978. I truly like this blend and feel it’s very necessary for the summer months, especially during high pollen (and summer snow aka cottonwood season). I try to start it a couple weeks before high pollen and take like an extended antibiotic for around 30 days. It’s not a product to use year round but you’ll notice if you don’t use it!
979. Seems to work well for congestion and digestion.
980. This powder is super messy and it's incredibly dark in color. It comes with a little scoop, but I've had a hard time getting the powder without getting it on my hands and spilling a little in the process. Using just a spoon to mix it left the feel of it grainy to drink and it especially doesn't mix well that way. Even using a blender, it still has a grainy look to it, but I could at least drink it. It has a super mild taste to it, but I like it as a slight flavor booster to almond milk. I add a tad of stevia for sweetener. It's a little treat, with minimal effort, while still staying on my eating plan.
981. Purchased this to use after a laser procedure on my face. It was so easy to use and stayed cold much longer than I expected
982. I love how it fits and keeps the mask off your face
983. I really appreciated these extra durable Magic Erasers. I am moving and found them very helpful at removing wall smudges that might otherwise have required me to paint. I tried one of the knockoff brands and found that they disintegrated quickly. My recommendation is to pay slightly more and go with the original. I am back for more.
984. We are extremely pleased to find this 500 pack of larger pill pockets. They open easy, are wider than the standard pill packs, and we will stick to the brand going forward. Excellent price and quality.
985. This shoehorn is the right length for my husband to easily slide into his shoes, as he can't bend over.  Very sturdy.
986. Fits well however these idiots did not use colorfast fabric.  Leaves black marks all over white pillows.  Hard to get stains out.
987. Put the batteries in, set on flat floor & weighed exactly what Dr. Office scale said. Very accurate
988. My boys drive their cozy coupe down the hall leaving black marks on the wall. The magic erasers remove the black marks! They are wonderful
989. I was skeptical kinda, I feel it really works actually. I think this and evening primrose an magnesium citrate help me get pregnant. I had extreme infertility problems took 5 years to get pregnant. Honestly this helped in my concotion of natural fertility treatment for PCOS
990. Recommend!
991. I've noticed a reduction in appetite some days, which is good when I don't have time to eat lunch until 2 or 3. It doesn't make me nauseous or give me the jitters like some other products. I haven't notice too much of a change in body composition yet, but it has only been a few weeks.
992. I have always brushed my dogs teeth so I have used a few different types of toothbrushes. This is by far my favorite at first I thought it was a little loose on my finger but it ends up working nicely and I don’t have to hold it on as I use it. my favorite thing about it though is it is very very soft. I think it is firm enough to brush the teeth, but it is very comfortable for my dog, so he doesn’t mind it at all, especially when reaching way back to those back teeth, the fact of these came with a case was a bonus, and I wasn’t even expecting that, but it was perfect because we were ready to travel and this kept his brush clean and protected. A friend of mine has already ordered a set after seeing ours.Just make sure you use a toothpaste especially formulated for a dog.
993. These bring super comfort and support to favorite shoes.  They fit most of my shoes, and really make a difference in keeping me walking straight, with good posture.  So far, I am having less knee pain, and I can see some improvement in lower back discomfort.  Standing for any length of time was always a trial for me, and I can see improvement there as well.  Glad I tried these.
994. These work and I like them a lot.  They're pretty weak strength, but my eyes are still strong except if tired, low light or really small print, and then, these are perfect for me.  I have good eyesight but age tries to tell me otherwise.  I try to rest my eyes frequently from all the screen work that has taken over all  of our lives.  I do eye exercises especially for convergence.  I eat well, exercise, no smoke and take some supplements including fish oil.  Take care of your car, it last; take care of your body, it last.  God willing!
995. This is the best one I've tried so far that doesn't cost $100+. You might need to adapt it to your tens unit but it was a 5 min job for me.
996. I have hard calluses feet and hoped that this could help. But unfortunately it was not powerful enough to help them. But it does work great for shaping nails and other things!
997. Doctor recommended it... I don't like to add stuff to water but  this tastes good... Cherry flavor.. happy I got it..
998. I revealed a family cruise using these lotto tickets. They came quickly in the mail and looked great. So much fun!
999. Difficult to put on hearing aid.
1000. We used this on our work shoes.  It works pretty good and being all natural it is gentle on the shoes (and any residue should not effect the feet).  Make sure to read the directions as they are hilarious!  Effects of the spray last about a week but we have tried other sprays and they usually don't even last a week.  Do make sure to rest for color safe fabric as this could potentially spot or stain a shoe (we didn't have any issues).
