1. These are a reasonably priced option for food storage containers and freezing.This size is perfect for a serving or two of soup or salad. I've been using them a lot to freeze the bounty of summer gardens. I haven't had any problems with leaking. The lids snap on securely.They wash in the top rack of the dishwasher.This this summer has been pretty hot. When I take my dog to the dog park, I fill up one of these containers with water before I leave. It doesn't leak in the car and he has fresh drinking water which he needs after running around with all his buddies.
2. Although I haven't used Coppertone for years, this certainly is the smell that I remember from way back when. Those days before an SPF was listed on the bottle, the days when there were billboards with the little girl with the tan line as the dog tugged on her bathing suit bottom.For Nostalgia alone, I would like this product. The fact that it feels much better going on than I remember the old ones to be, is a big plus.It has an SPF of 30, and since I usually use it around a pool, the fact that it's water resistant is also very nice.Just remember to put it on as the label suggests, applying at 15 minutes before sun exposure, and reapplying after swimming or at least every 2 hours.
3. I'm not sure why this company is only focusing on pumpkin seed oil for men's issues.That's only one small part of this powerhouse oil.For arthritis, as a preventive measure if macular degeneration runs in your family, and for healthy, glowing skin, pumpkin seed oil has a high level of beneficial fatty acids.It can affect blood pressure, so talk with your doctor if you have high or low BP.
4. As someone that takes a lot of supplements,  I was interested in adding artichoke to help with lowering cholesterol and calming a sensitive digestive system.Adding artichoke is kind of a no brainer, since most people tolerate it very well, side effects are rare and often more of a coincidence unrelated to taking this supplement.I also take tart cherry and licorice, as well as a turmericginger combo.Episodes of GERD are less and less, fingers crossed for my next blood work.
5. Cellulite is one of those things that most adult women have in varying degrees.There are thousands of devices, lotions, and potions claiming to be the one miracle product that gives you the smooth skin we all long for.In reality,  there is no miracle. Still, I really like this set.This massager works well to increase circulation and prep skin for lotions. Those acts alone can help improve the look of your legs and bottom.The round one is great in the shower, using a cleansing oil to help it keep moving over your skin.The other one feels fantastic in or out of the shower. It is an excellent relaxation massager, from shoulders to feet.Both are easy to grip and non slip.Product received to test with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned. Views and opinions are my own.
6.  From the standpoint of a beauty device junkie, this brush set is an excellent value.It is battery operated, so no being tied to the electric outlet. It's sealed so using it in the shower is no problem.It comes with a large body brush-head, a petite size for the face, a sponge head and a pumice.Unlike the sonic vibration of a Clairsonic, this has a rotary action. That type of action makes it possible to have this tool be pumice friendly.In my opinion, it shines the brightest as a body brush. As a pre-shower dry brush it preps legs and arms. In the shower or tub use it wet with soap or body cleanser.It removes dead dull flakes to help skin look bright and encourage new cell growth.DISCLOSURE: Product received to test, with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned after testing.Views and opinions are my own. I have no affiliation with any manufacturer or distributor other than choosing to review their item.You are probably considering buying this product if you are reading this. Hopefully this review was was helpful, but if not, just let me know what's missing and I'll try to help you.
7. These are gelatin based dime-sized disks that are a baby's first introduction to popping sugary sweet snacks into their mouth.According to the package, your baby can safely have these when they crawl with tummy off the floor, pulls up to a standing position, uses jaw to mash foods, and uses fingers to self feed. Because they quickly dissolve, they are probably one of the safest small foods.They are relatively wholesome, with milk products as the main ingredient, and a healthy dose of potassium. Taste tested by me...yucky, taste tested by a 18 month old...yummy.The problem I have (and it's a small one, this product is ok in my book) is that they seem to encourage parents to get kids started as early as possible to have sweet snacking habits. I have a friend who thought it was fine to make her baby's first food like this a fast food french fry. This is a MUCH better option.
8.  I did a bit of research after one of the morning news shows talked about UV lights. This little plug-in was pretty inexpensive, so I ordered it for an area that has puppy pads. It did the job, and was pretty quiet. It's nice to know that the UV bulb is replaceable.I just ordered another one to place in the bathroom.UPDATE: It was pointed out to me that the plug turns, so it can accommodate both sides of an outlet. Thanks to Merry C!
9. When I was a little girl, I remember seeing a callus razor of my mothers, and wondered why anyone would use one. Now that I am past the age that she was at that time, I confess I found myself on the hunt for the perfect pedicure items for those of us prone to alligator feet! Forget the ped-egg, it stays sharp for about a minute. Real women use blades! Caution, go lightly the first time, and always on WELL SOAKED tootsies. Less is more, a bit of callus is supposed to on our feet. Turn the double edged blade around for the second foot, then toss it, never use more than once. Buying them like this is the cheapest way to go. These are great quality blades at a great price.
10. Nice light scent for a relaxing bath after work.
11. Good cotton balls, used mainly for removing nail polish.  They held together well.
12. Look great. Crisp vision. Definitely improves driving night vision. Sturdy build.Better look than expected.
13. Part of the daily regimen for knee pain.As expected.
14. This is my second purchase of the tropical Saccharomyces boulardii yeast probiotic. This is not gut flora you are likely to acquire naturally in the western diet regimen. The yeast has delivered a noticeable reduction in night vurps. I seem to get these wicked revisits in spells for a couple of days. However, I can't recall an event since I've been taking it.Seems to have solved my night vurp situation.
15. Excellent. These are lasting well over a year. The battery life is phenomenal. 7-heads is the best configuration for in-shower, bald facepate shaving.7-heads are excellent. Every bit the equal of my >5x more expensive foil shaver.As a note, I used a shaving creamconditioner provided by the hotel on the road some months ago and not this shaver. The hotel cream was too thick and stalled the razor. It was a bear to cleanout. It was the first time I ever had to pop the individual shaving heads ... I'd suggest you avoid this if you have big hands. Since then, I've stuck to my tried and true shaving cream that enables a close shave and easy flush cream.
16. Tastes good. Nice compounding.As advertised.
17. As expected. Tastes good.
18. I've been a fan of fisetin + quercetin supplementation.As advertised.
19. For the supplement explorer, the D3-K2 combo has been perfect. Both are vital. Both are micro-volumedose. Excellent design.The D3 blood test came on the scene as a routine blood panel. I knew that skin produces like 100K times more D3 than science imagined that the body needed. I grew up in Miami enjoying more sun skin time than anyone had the right to absorb. I was shocked! Shocked I tell you ... to discover that I was short D3. How could this possibly be?Whatever, I'm happily in the 'normative range' thanks to supplementation. The implications of K2 are still a bit new, but trust me ... you likely need it.
20. Good experience with the brand for glandular care. This thyroid supplement appears new to the Nuven Natural line-up as it hasn't made its website yet—high expectations.
21. Recommended 3 caps daily dose delivers noticeable results. BrainiLex is a high-end compounding using proprietary and patented ingredients that have shown interesting clinical results.An issue is fishy burps and after taste. It's potent. I found that pairing BrainiLex with Ceylon cinnamon supplement reduces the after-effects.Surprisingly good. Better than expected.
22. The capsule of straight powdered elderberry does the job without mostly sugar.Nice source of concentrated, no added sugar elderberry.
23. Ginseng has delivered several beneficial results. Morning sickness? Pickled ginseng from the grocery refrigerated section and supplements keep it at bay. Monotonous low energy? Ginseng.Ginsenosides are a natural steroid group exclusive to the Panax genus of ginseng. It acts as an anti-inflammatory. 2-3% concentrations are natural in Panax. 10% would be a 3x concentration.Always reliable. Nice value. Seems like a quality source.
24. Arrives in an extraordinary well-engineered conformal package. The pictured box arrives within a box. Kudos to the product-designers who chose this outstanding packaging method.The oil quality is the lightest I can recall and absolutely tasteless. The glass bottle and stopper are countertop accent quality.Much better than expected. Top-quality.Was my review helpful? If so, click "Helpful" so I can know.
25. Nitropics  is a quality brand compounding interesting ingredient supplements. Nitropics supplements attract top-notch user reviews ... maybe the best in the supplement market. If Nitropics makes it, it's worth a try.High expectations. So far, so good. It will be better than I expected.
26. Fine quality! Tasty broth. If you have been consuming bone broth, the price and the quality do correlate. This is top-shelf.Much better than  expected
27. Just doesn't work for me. The Zn galvanized my taste buds. I taste Zn for hours.Please don't mix Zn with tasty good Elderberries.
28. My pulmonologist has NAC on his respiratory immunity supplement list like zinc, etc. I was unfamiliar with NAC until a few months ago. So far, no covid symptoms.NAC is listed among potential life-extension supplements planned for future in depth study. So far, I'm still kicking. It must be working—no negative metabolic side effects to report. The combination of NAC and TUDCA did a great job normalizing a couple of marginal liver panel test results.
29. Nice product. UV-C works. An added line of protection.Better than advertised. Value for money.
30. Excellent coffee chocolate creamer! Collagen has been a definite skin enhancer and joint lubricator for me for years.Delightful. Much better than expected.
31. The cider vinegar does seem to improve digestion. Not that I have a particular problem. The Cider Vinegar gets me through the day without noticing digestive nuance.They taste good at the end of my supplement taking session. I like them. Try them for a week, and you might notice a benefit.
32. The silicone is too slippery to hold soap. If you get the soap on your back, the silicone's too soft to exfoliate or even reward you with a back scratch. What you get is more like whipping and popping a dead octopus on your back.It's noisy ... you can hear it in the bedroom for gosh sakes.
33. NO2 supplements with all the added ingredients are a definite boost. This formulation includes some primo ingredients. Quite happy with the assay.Better than advertised. Tastes fine.
34. My liver panel is never normal. If it's not one aspect, it's another. I'm like 1 or 2 points out of one or the range consistently. There's nothing material to be treated.After 20-some years of these likely meaningless deviations from normal, I drilled down into the subject. Several supplements I've tried without effect. I ran into TUDCA in a peripheral investigation by accident. The more I looked into it, the more the supplement made sense if I didn't run into unpleasant side effects.No side effects. I took TUDCA 2 months leading to my blood chemistry test and lipid profile. The results gobsmacked me. Every single test was in the normal range.I'm convinced. This is the first supplement that I can track directly to blood chemistry improvement.
35. The assay looks great. The pills are the larger size as I prefer. All good.There's an excellent coupon included for more.Better than expected.
36. Some replacements just aren't quite OEM. These are as close to the OEM fit as I've found.As advertised, quite satisfied.
37. Wholly jump'in Judas does regular tissues after a couple of days of runny nose tear the space between your nose holes as raw as a bad fitting sneakers in a marathon? A couple days of sniffles is endurable but that raw skin under your nose lasts.These are the genuine best solution I've found. Do yourself a big favor with these.
38. I like it. Easy to use. Dissolves and stays in suspension.As advertised. Better than expected.
39. Ashwagandha powder is a new supplement here and new supplements are interesting for determining health improvement.A bit of research shows ancient homeopathic use in Africa. It's kind of strange that it's homeopathiccurative claims read like snake oil, but what the heck. There have been occasions that "new" supplements to me have been wildly effective … Glucosamine +MSM & Chondroitin being one from years ago … conversely after multiple trials of melatonin, it reduces my immune systems ability to prevent colds.Ashwagandha powder is worth a trial given the supplement grass roots attention it's getting.First, it doesn't smell like horse. It smells like garden soil to me and it smells like nothing to another nose. It tastes like nothing. Ashwagandha Powder does not effect the smoothie taste.We'll wait and see what happens.
40. I play racquetball 3xwk for about 2 hrs. Racquetball is aerobic as all get out. Getting gassed in an aggressive volley is par for the game and screws up the set-up for the next serve. I've investigated all sorts of aerobic endurance enhancers. Being in aerobic shape is of course the best conditioning but nonetheless, the sudden bursts of speed and contortions required takes a situational toll.A year or so ago I read about this supplement and gave it a try. You can investigate the abundant biochemistry references to sort it out for yourself. It works for. It is not a supplement that I'd take everyday, but taking the supplement 30-45 minutes before play has a definite effect on O2 metabolism. You can feel it kick-in at peak output. The cool-down and muscle fatigue is noticeably improved. A dose seems to last about 4 hrs.At first, I did take it a daily supplement but did not notice any effect. It appears to become operational as you approach and maintain an aerobic output and stays active through the cool down.
41. I've been taking these for years. I've been recommending them for years. Those that take my advice keep reminding me months later what a knee miracle it is. 2-3 days does the trick.Painful knees? This is the interim fix before you fold to the orthopedist.
42. I already take Eleuthero every morning on the advice of my naturopath, to help me keep my spirits up in my life moving forward even though I have very full workdays and a very full home life with small children.This product, Ashwagandha, seems to be in every kind of adaptogenic blend lately, from numerous brands, and it is getting a lot of press. I can see why! On the days I have taken this, I have felt an obvious and notable boost in my feelings of energy, feelings of well-being and feeling cheerful and contented, and definitely felt more energetic and able to cope with the demands that life throws at me.I have only taken the half teaspoon dose noted as the smallest dose suggested. So far, I have not found any kind of a spoon or scoop inside of the product that would help me know an accurate dose, so I have been getting out my cumbersome set of cooking measuring spoons to measure out my half teaspoon.The flavor is not my favorite, when I put it in my morning cup of chai, the flavor really dominates to where I cannot appreciate the chai flavor much at all. I am considering other ways of consuming it, such as in just a little shot of water, but haven't yet experimented with this. It would probably go a little bit better a smoothie containing a lot of peanut butter or a heavier flavor like chocolate.Overall, I'm really impressed with the obvious purity and efficacy of this.
43. My dentist introduced me to this line of products some years back, and I had been using the mouthwash and the oral irrigation rinse for use with my water pic ever since then, but had never tried the breath spray or the toothpaste. I also recently went on a vacation where I was not able to bring my mouthwash, and I had really missed it.This was a wonderful way to get introduced to the other products in the line that I hadn't yet tried, and to have some travel products available for the next time I go on vacation so that I don't have to do without.The packaging is excellent and seems very sturdy, yet it's easy to get into when I want to use. And I really like the breath spray, which seems to actually neutralize issues rather than just cover them up with a squirt of mint.
44. I generally work from home, and my kids are homeschooled, so the number of germs we bring into our household are generally minimal. Recently, there were a number of flus and colds going around that I really didn't want to catch, so every time I would go out to meet with people or go grocery shopping, I would use the travel protocol for this which is to say I would take a few in succession to really amp up my natural immune system defenses in my throat, salivary glands, etc.While it's hard to say for sure what works and what doesn't when it comes to probiotics, this gave me no bad side effects, and I do feel the research is clear that it does help prevent illness. I appreciate having the option of adding this to my line up of wellness supplements. I had been taking another brand of oral probiotic, but when I realized that this was the brand that actually invented this type of oral probiotic, I switched over to taking this, since I trust that the strain is pure.
45. If this device gives new life to one pair of pants, well then you've gotten back the cost of it! It works well if you follow the directions and wet the waistband first.I spend many days bending over doing gardening work, and so most pants for ladies feel uncomfortably pinched in the waist in that position. I've also had a few perfect pairs of pants that after the first wash, shrunk a bit and were too tight in the waist.This little contraption (I read about it on Zogdo, the gadget blog) saved my favorite pants and made my workpants a bit more comfortable. It was worth every penny and I'd recommend it - especially for the holiday time of year, when pants seem to "shrink" more than usual!!
46. I thought I would give dry brushing a try, so when the Asenlin Body Brush with Long Wooden Handle came in the mail I was excited for bath time.  The bristles are stiff, scratchy, and shed everywhere.  I haven't seen any difference in my skin other than being red and irritated.  If you have itchy skin though this may be a great way to solve that without being too rough on your skin.  I'd rather have a softer brush.
47.  This electric razor gives you a shave that’s as close as a traditional blade. Standard amount of noise, standard maintenance (easy), and best of all, it uses a usb c charger, so if you lose the cable, it’s not some weird thing specific to this item. Also, the display shows how the battery is doing. Being used to traditional shaving, I kind of thought I could go crazy or would need to press hard. Well, my face felt scratchy all day for making that mistake, but it’s no big deal and still is a huge improvement on the bumps and irritation regular shaving can cause. Great!
48. The upside is that unlike most magnesium pills, these aren’t enormous and hard to swallow. They are in standard size gel caps. The downside is, you need to take two to get less than the giant horse pills usually include. I don’t have a particularly difficult time swallowing large pills, so it’s all pretty much the same to me. These are good, and so are the larger ones! It’s all about what you prefer, and how much you need.
49. I have no idea if it was these supplements or some nutritional changes I made, but I got the results from my last blood donation (a neat little benefit of donating at some places), and it went from 258.0 to 185! I guess I’ll keep doing what I’m doing, eating healthy, exercising, and taking one of these a day (it says take three, but I’d rather not).
50. The superior fit of these masks allows for more protection than the standard pleated procedure masks, especially if you are in an area where others are not doing their part. The material feels a bit thicker, providing more filtration, while still being fairly breathable; the black looks better for professional environments than the white or blue, in my opinion. individually wrapped for better portability and protection from pathogens. See pics!
51. If Vicks VapoRub were a shower steamer, this would probably be it. It smells exactly the same, and boy does it seem medicinal to me. I guess gentleman really enjoy Vicks over things that actually smell good? I don’t get it. I’m glad there was less packaging (but keep in a dry place, or they’ll be ruined), so that’s a plus, but I genuinely found the fragrance of these to be unpleasant. I bet they’re great if you have a cold or something, but other than that? I didn’t find it particularly soothing.
52. These have and excellent mix of fragrances with strong scents that are great for aromatherapy. One or two did smell a little like alcohol, which makes me wonder about additives, as well as the fact that both Rose and Jasmine have their fragrances removed through water soluble methods more often than oil or fat soluble ones, so I also wonder if those are real. But I don’t really care too much, so whatever. Smells good. It’s not like I’m eating it or anything.
53. These are some of the best earplugs for sleeping I’ve ever used! Laying much more flat in your ear so you don’t feel the pressure even if you’re sleeping on your side, these are nothing like regular earplugs for day to day use. They are well-made and designed specifically for sleep, and they come in a sturdy cardboard and foam interior box to store them so they don’t get lost or damaged. Excellent! See photo
54. The product page tells me you mix a sheet with water, but I’m not sure how much because the instructions were in Chinese. Since they use metric, I assume it’s a number of liters, maybe 2-4. I would have liked to have known the ingredients as well, which I thought was required to be listed in English to be sold in the States. Kind of hard to review this one, honestly. It worked fine, and in theory, it’s more eco friendly because you have less packing materials and fewer emissions to ship something lightweight.
55. I’m so glad bath bombs now have a shower equivalent, and it’s not quite as strong, which is perfect for me. This is the second time I try something like this, and these are like the other brand I reviewed. One whole one is perfect for an average bathroom with an average tubshower setup. Small, enclosed spaces might want to use half a tablet, and bigger ones (open shower, larger room) might need two.
56. This toothpaste worked well, leaving my mouth feeling clean, and not too dry (I tend to have dry mouth). The flavor is very mild, so for those who have trouble with “spicier” mint flavors, this shouldn’t be a problem; on the other hand, it also means that you’re not going to have the mintiest freshest breath in the world. Make of that what you will. As for the materials used in the container, it says they are ocean safe and recyclable. Bonus: made in the USA. Good toothpaste!
57. This toothpaste worked great, leaving my mouth feeling fresh and clean, and not too dry (I tend to have dry mouth). As for the ingredients, they are vegan friendly, and the materials used in the container are ocean safe and recyclable. Bonus: made in the USA. Good toothpaste!
58. This tiny pill is super easy to swallow and doesn’t contain ingredients that would exclude its use for people with celiac disease or dairy or soy sensitivities, though it didn’t mention anything about being vegetarian. They are also chewable.
59. These are not really a substitute for a pad, but if you have lighter days with very little flow, these are perfect liners. They also work great if you have a cup or tampon but sometimes get some leaks. Reusable and washable, these are so much friendlier for the environment than disposable liners, so I highly recommend them for that.
60. That strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing didn’t really work for me. I think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and I’m not sure this is designed for Americans. Also, it doesn’t really stay in place. But the straps and lanyard thing or useful. The rest? Depends on your face.That strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing didn’t really work for me. I think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and I’m not sure this is designed for Americans. Also, it doesn’t really stay in place. But the straps and lanyard thing or useful. The rest? Depends on your face.
61. Unlike memory foam and certain types of gel’s, this will hold up better because of the hexagonal design in a material that doesn’t really degrade. These provide the best comfort of anything I’ve tried so far, and they stay on easily. Great product!
62. This is a nice idea and concept, but the execution doesn’t work for many faces. This ended up putting a lot of pressure on the bridge of my nose, which isn’t particularly huge or anything, but this definitely is made for people with tiny noses with a very small or low bridge. If that’s not you, you’re not gonna like this. Very uncomfortable, and the little hook bracket things don’t connect to anything, so they don’t stay in place.
63. This was worse than eating corn in the cob. I came in trying to floss, and I left with strings that I had to remove by flossing with regular floss. I’m not sure why this stuff was so fragile, but it’s absolutely useless unless you have really spaced out teeth. I wish it had worked better, since I support the eco-friendly packaging it came in.
64. I’m used to the crappy foam earplugs for everything, and these are my first earplugs of this kind. Wow! What a difference. This reduces the overall noise level to protect your hearing, yet you can still hear with enough definition to have a conversation with someone and understand what they are saying (assuming they’re speaking loudly of course). With the other kind, everything sounds muffled, so you can’t really do that. Added bonus: these are so comfortable. I’ve never worn earplugs as comfortable as these. There’s no pressure or ear ache at all! Best earplugs I’ve ever used. No wonder they have a special little carrying case.
65. This eye mask is very comfortable, and unlike my previous mask, it genuinely blocks all of the light out. My other one is made of contoured foam like this one, but the inner padded design around the nose area is what makes the difference: that is what prevents light from peaking in from the middle of the mask. Great design, reasonable price.
66. These comfortable gloves are perfect for doing dishes, so your hands don’t get wet with the nasty water. They are comfortable, durable, and they look nice. They’re also easy to clean.This pack contains two of the regular gloves, and two with the soft fuzzy lining.
67. The addition of lidocaine is much appreciated! It turns the horribly sensitive skin into slightly calmer and more hydrated skin. If you make the mistake of getting burned (and seriously, avoid it with suntan lotion, because sunburn is dangerous and increases your likelihood of cancer), this stuff helps protect and heal with aloe, cool and distract with menthol, and block some of the pain with lidocaine. Very nice!
68. 100% comparable to the name brand in quality, and a good value! It’s Vaseline!
69. This cream has good ingredients, goes on smoothly, doesn't leave residue, and absorbs nicely. Also, the price is very reasonable! The problem is the scent. It has a strong granny smell. The scent is pretty unpleasant, and I had to use some essential oils to mask it, but that only did so much. It would have 5 stars if it smelled better.
70. I like to use these to add to my laundry for an extra boost of cleanliness. My bf gets sweaty and oily and that transfers to clothes and sheets. I mix the borax and washing soda together and sprinkle a scoop into every load to keep the soil at bay. They help my wash smell fresh and stay clean.
71. This facial scrub is chunks of cacao nibs and the hydrating mask. The pieces of nibs are so large they mostly just hurt my face, its like rubbing pebbles on your face. The hydrating mask feels very nice, but I can't get over the pebbly nibs.
72. I have some sun damage on my face and I was hoping this would help fade that, since that is a feature, but after a few weeks I don't see any change. The pads and serum feel really nice on my face, but there was no coloration change to my complexion.
73. This is a nice light toner that adds a little moisture to your skin after cleansing. It has a very light pleasant scent and dries quickly.
74. Cleaning isn't fun by any means, but having tools to make it less of a chore is great. This is a nice set to help keep your floors clean. There are two sides, one for your wash water and one that is dry. You dunk your mop in the wash water, there is a squeegee like thing on the side that the mop head scrapes against to get the water off and the second chamber squishes out even more water. I would like that second part to be a between mopping and dunking so you aren't just getting your water dirty and dunking your mop in dirty water again. The squeezing out of the water keeps the mop head pretty dry and your floors dry quickly. The squeegee tool also makes it so you don't have to touch the mop head which is great. There isn't anything scratchy on the pad, which is good, but I wish there was a spot for dried on stains. I try to spot treat those and pick them up later. The handle is unfortunate and pops out of place, which makes carrying the bucket precarious, even though it is light it can pull the handle out of it's notch. There are drain holes on the top of the wash side where you tip the bucket upside down to drain the dirty water. Just leave it upside down a while and it will dry out.
75. This is a great body scrubber. It's gentle enough to use every time you shower, but it exfoliates really well too. There is a cellulose sponge inside and you can easily remove it and put in a new one when it  is used up. There are a few different textures on the silicone part if you need a different experience. I bet you could run the silicone outer piece through the dishwasher to sanitize it if you think you need to.
76. I occasionally get migraines and they last all day and don't go away for anything. It's miserable and nothing I've tried makes it any better. I got this ice roller and it helps with the pain and throbbing so I can at least eat something and get on with my day. The rolling part comes off so you can put that in the freezer and leave the handle out. There's a notch on both sides of the circle that make it easy to pull off the handle and you don't scratch up the roller. It's easy enough to put it back on and get rolling.
77. This comes in a nice box that's a little big for the bottle of lotion. There's also a bunch of nicely colored purple stuffing. The lotion has little to no scent which it is supposed to. It has a nice consistency, not too thick, not too thin and it soaks in pretty quickly without being greasy. The pump is really sturdy and shaped like a cute leaf.
78. what I like about the product:- contains folate and inositol- non-gmo  and no added fillersingredients- easy to take- good health benefits (great for female health)- 30 day supplywhat would make this product better:- if this product was organic :)
79. Here are some key points in my overall experience with this product:- I love that this product is organic and non-gmo- Taste and product is what you would expect from a Maca Root Product- 1 ingredient (no fillers or additives)- Great benefits (great for hormones, energy, and contains vitaminsminerals)- 40 servings per bag- Great plant source of Iron and calcium!- Great in smoothies or protein shakes- overall good product and experience!
80. here are some key points in my overall experience:- smell of the broccoli was stronger than the taste lol, so don't be deterred by the smell lol- easy way to add some veggies to your diet!- perfect for putting in smoothies, or add to juice- i love that this product is organic, non-gmo, and no fillers- I would've liked to know if this product is raw or cooked, and also how much of the powder is one daily serving of veggies- overall good experience, but hoping they add the above info, which I would find very valuable!
81. Pros:- made in USA- no smell or after taste- veggie based capsules- male vitality blend- immune blend- antioxidant blendCons:- larger sized- only 30 day supply even though you get 60 capsules
82. Pros:- organic and non-gmo- no filler ingredients- beautiful vibrant green color- great superfood- good benefits for breastfeeding mothers- no strong taste other than some spice- good in juiceCons:- could upset stomach if you take it on an empty stomach- bag would not reseal so I had to put it in a different container- bag is kind of small
83. What I like about this product:- organic non-gmo- you could break the tablets in half- easy to digest- no flavor burpsCons:- tablets are large if you don't break them in half, not ideal for those who have a hard time swallowing pills- unsure if these contain curcumin. The bottle says curcuma, I don't know if they are the same thing or different but I specifically take Turmeric Curcumin with black pepper.
84. We use cotton ball for different things around the house- we like our crafts and beauty supplies so it's good to have some on hand. These are pretty much what you would expect of cotton balls only they are a bit more smaller (but slightly more dense) and a bit more expensive (currently $4.99)
85. My go to Chlorella brand is no longer available, but i found this one which seems basically the same (from the size of the capsule down to the MGs). I've been taking it for years for overall health benefits (b12, detoxifying properties, etc).  I like that this one is veggie capsules, non-gmo, and free of soy, dairy, and fillers. These are easy to swallow and digest and are ok to take on an empty stomach. They are also tasteless and don't cause any after taste or burps. Not sure where the chlorella is sourced, but It would be a huge plus if it was organic.
86. This smells different than their other dreft I've got in the past and I love the update. It smells so good and not too intense. The box reduces plastic waste and is recyclable, easier and more convenient to use than a pour plastic bottle. Just a warning to turn and open the spout slow because it will come out fast if not. I've been using this on our daughters clothes and cloth diapers and it cleans very well and makes everything smell great!
87. Unique tasting protein powder and its pretty tastey. The flavor reminds me of something I cant quite put my finger on at the moment.The ingredients are very good.. organic, non gmo and plant based are always what I look for in a product.The bag is resealable, and it comes with a large scooper in the bag. The powder is pretty dense.I put 1 scoop into about 12oz of unsweetened non-dairy milk. Unfortunately it doesnt mix well just shaking it alone (will just clump up). You either need a blender or shaken with one of those coil springs, then it becomes smooth and looks like a dijon mustard color. You could adjust the thickness to your liking by adding more liquid, but I found that about 12-14 oz makes for a good thickness and sweetness. I'd consider getting it again, I'm interested in seeing what the chocolate tastes like.
88. I have been aking turmeric curcumin with bioperine for several years... along the way, I have been trying all different brands, and am not loyal to a specific brand.This product is comparable to other brands out there with the MGs and capsule size. I really like that these are made with organic ingredients and no fillers. They do smell strongly of turmeric in the bottle but im happy to say they don't taste like anything or do not burp up any taste. They are gentle on my stomach when I take them in the morning on an empty stomach and are easy to swallow.Not sure why they are packaged in a plastic bag, to me that is wasteful. Love the name by the way! 120 capsules of good quality turmeric curcumin with bioperine for under $20 is a great value!
89. This toothpaste has an interest flavor. Never had a lemon mint toothpaste, and it's not bad! It will probably grow on me more too. One of the main reasons why I got this toothpaste was because the ingredients seemed better than conventional toothpaste. Although I didnt realize it contained silica (never heard of it before either) so I looked put up to see what it was. I guess it is ok to use, but I also read it could wear down your enamel. So I dont think I'm going to be using this regularly (just in case) I may use it weekly or even biweekly. The toothpaste doesnt foam up much, which some people may not like. Besides the silica concern, I like the toothpaste. Makes my teeth feel clean.
90. I switched to natural toothpaste a few years ago and I still like to try different types. I got this one because the ingredients seemed good, and I had never tried this kind before. It does not foam up like most toothpastes which some people may not like. My only concern about this toothpaste is that it contains silica which is ok to use but I also read it could wear down enamel. Because of this I probably wont be using this as my regular toothpaste and may make it a weekly or biweekly thing. Makes my teeth feel clean though!
91. These smell a little fishy but other than that I am happy with these. They are vegetarian friendly, organic and non-gmo. I take spirulina for overall health. They are a superfood and very nutrient dense so I take them every day. The recommended dose is 6 so I split them up and take 3 in the morning and 3 at night. They are easy to take and easy on the stomach, and i could even take them on an empty stomach without nausea, or after tasteburps.
92. If you are not sure when you ovulate and are trying to conceive, these tests are great to use. They are simple to use, the set contains a good amount of test (7), and easy to read. We are trying for a boy so knowing when I ovulate will make the odds a little higher!
93. Simple, natural, and organic ingredients. The flavor is good; they taste like other honey lemon lozenges I've tried before. They even have silver with helps fight off infections. Definitely handy to have and work well for fighting off sickness.
94. I got this to use instead of a regular bulb nasal aspirator. I thought I might have more luck with a different one. This worked ok. Not very impressed with its ability to remove mucus from my daughters nose. I feel like this wasnt much more effective than wiping her nose with a tissue because it doesnt go that much beyond the nostril.
95. This stain remover is different than other ones I've used. Its like a deodorant stick style dispenser. I used it on paint and fruit stains so far and it worked very well. It could be used for a large variety of different stains and its easy to apply- rub it on and let it sit for 15 minutes, and then wash in warmhot water. My kids always get all types of stains on their clothes, especially white, so this comes in handy. A couple minutes after you apply it, you could see the stain remover interact with the stain. The scent is not overpowering and has a fresh smell. I love that it's for sensitive skin, biodegradable, and natural, doesn't contain chemicals.
96. Works great so far! I put it on charge before use. Didnt take long, and light turns green when its charged.Lay the clothes flat, turned it on and went over a couple shirts with it in a circular motion. You could hear it when it cuts off a lint ball! Its not loud, Its easy to use, and safe to have around kids because there are no sharp pieces exposed unless you open it to clean it out.Cleaning is also easy- you just unscrew the top and guide the included brush along the sides of it and toss the lint. I actually was shocked at how much came off just a couple of shirts. I'm glad this works because alot of my clothes started to look worn and ugly with the pilling. I've tried an actual razor but that was a pain in the bum. So I'm happy with this product and I've had no issues so far!
97. I dont know if I got a bad batch but I did not like these at all. Usually even if I don't completely enjoy something, and I know its healthy, I'll still eat but I dont think I could do it with these. All I taste is some coconut and the sweetener and it's just gross to me. I tried the ginger first and I didnt like it, so I was like ok the chocolate will probably be better.. nope.. both had minimal flavor and that sweetener diet-y aftertaste...I found it slightly odd that the packaging it came in didnt match the picture, and one of the bars wrappers weren't even sealed.The only thing these have going for it is the ingredients and overall quality is good...They are just not for me and my tastebuds and I would never get again.
98. I like to take moringa for the overall benefits. It is considered a superfood vegetable, is high in antioxidants, and essential amino acids. I usually do powder but sometimes it's more convenient to take a capsule. This one is good to mix in with my smoothies. It mixes best in a bottle with a lid to shake. Goes well with juice and you could barely taste much difference, maybe just a little greener tasting. I like that this one is organic, wild grown, and free of other ingredientsfillers. Price is very reasonable too (just under $8)
99. I got this because I have never come across a warm humidifier with the option of adding essential oil (which is what I always wanted) I usually use a diffuserhumidifier when someone in our house is sick, and I like to add eucalyptus or something along those lines for (stuffy noses because it helps them sleep better, and moisture helps with dry air.) I feel like the warm humidifier is more effective with opening up nasal passages. The size is pretty convenient would fit nicely on a nightstand and hold enough water (half gallon) to run for 13 hours. Mine came looking used because there were several dirty looking spots on it (pictures). I filled it up today because my daughter is currently sick with what sounds like croup. You simple unscrew the bottom of the tank and fill it up (I noticed there is no line that says the max) so i filled it up to the brand name. It took a couple minutes to warm up and then it started to shoot out the warm (kinda hot) vapor. There is only one button so it's very easy to operate- the button gives you 3 different options: low, high, or off. I love the tray feature for the essential oil vapor that and the warm air are the main reasons why I decided to get it! It's also pretty quiet, just kind of sounds like a very low heater fan. It's easy to clean and doesnt require filters either.Overall happy and working out great so far.
100. Love the idea of compostable garbage bags! I ordered these for our home for general use, mostly in our kitchen garbage. Unfortunately these are useless because they have a defective thinning line going through middle that makes them tear even if something very light is inside of them. Otherwise could be a good bag, but this specific batch of garbage bags I received are garbage!!
101. Awesome that kleenex now makes a tissue with coconut oil in addition to aloe, and vitamin e. I use raw coconut butter as a lotion so when I saw this I wanted to try them. They are very soft! They are perfect for in the winter when you get that annoying runny nose that you have to wipeblow your nose a million times. The tissues will keep your nose from getting dry and irritated because they are soft and moisturizing. The boxes are nice too.. they remind me of natural stone or marble, pretty neutral colors and match the colors in my living room and bathroom. Good to have on hand, and especially for kids and those who have sensitive skin.
102. I've been taking collagen for pain in elbow after few weeks I no longer have discomfort. On a side note, my skin looks a little more healthier too. It has slight fishy smell but hardly taste like anything.I like that the product is from grass fed and pasture raised cows and wild caught cod. It's a good source of protein (an quickeasy protein boost) and has the 3 types of collagen. Its also non-gmo, gluten free, and has no artificial ingredients, which is all very important to me when choosing a product.Overall Good quality product.
103. I did not try these yet but so far I am impressed with the product.I actually bought them for my mother in law for Christmas. She likes her air fresheners so I thought she would like this as a gift. Plus they will probably save her money and reduce waste.They are prettier than the plastic ones, bigger than expected, and they also seem durable, and heavy!I will update after she uses them. But I really think she will like these!
104. I bought this mat so my family and I could get the benefits of grounding while we sleep and during the winter when we don't go outside much. I decided to go with this product because it came with a book, an outlet tester, the grounding cord, and because the mat looked comfortable.The first 2 nights I used it, I actually kept waking up and didn't sleep through the night which is not something i normally do. I am not sure if that's a coincidence or if the mat had something to do with it?So in my bed i have my fiance, my 5 year old, and myself so I have the mat spread out and centered on the bed horizontally so we could all lay on it.The grounding connector on my mat is located on the top silver part that you are suppose to lay on, which gets a little bit uncomfortable having to lay on the cord. I wish it came with it attached underneath (like it is shown in the pictures)This also makes it more likely to knock the grounding wiring completely off while sleeping. There were several nights I woke up and the grounding wire got detached from the mat. I ended up contacting the seller and they sent me a replacement wire which seems to be working out since then.So we have been using it just about every night for about 1 month now and I don't feel noticeably different, but I also read it could take some time to adjust and really benefit from it.Will keep using and update with any more helpful information I have
105. these wipes work great for cleaning lenses. They are easy to use and I like that you can simply throw them away. I would buy them again.
106. this product did not work on anything I tried it on.
107. this product did not work on anything I tried it on.
108. this is the worse tasting thing I have ever put it my mouth. I couldn't stand it and threw it away.
109. These cup are just odd. the gold rim looks cheap and it they break easily. I don't like them and I wouldn't use them anywhere.
110. My daughter liked the flavor of these and did not mind taking them at all. However, I will say that we saw no really change in her overall health including her gut health and going to the bathroom. In my opinion this is one of those things that you take everyday because someone tells you too... but you don't really have a way of knowing if they are really working or not.
111. These forks are amazing. I love that there is no plastic in them and that they are compostable . I’m not a big green person but I will do anything that I can to lower my footprint if possible.These forks are an amazing quality. I was concerned about the strength of the fork but I promise they are better than many of the plastic forks that I have used in the past. I am very pleased with them!
112. These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
113. These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
114. These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
115. This is a great battery. It works exactly as you would expect it to. So far it has provided us with a long life and it works great. I'm very happy with it!
116. I can't say how thankful I am for this product. I began noticing a terrible "gassy" smell coming from one bathroom in our house. Only that one... so I knew that something must be wrong. Our septic tank isn't that old so I knew that it didn't need to be emptied either. I was excited to try this to see if it would help! Within HOURS of using it the first time, the smell was gone! This is something (I didn't know until now) that should be used every month or two to help break down toilet paper, bacteria and things like that in your septic tank! This product worked great for us and it was so simple to use!
117. I like many others was a little taken back when I opened the bottle to see that there was a baggie inside holding the vitamins. That was odd.the pills themselves are banded together, just like in the description. So that wasn't a big deal for me. I haven't noticed a difference but I have had no side effects either. There is no bad after taste and they are easy to swallow.
118. I have read that tart cherries can help with insomnia.  I’m not a juice drinker so I was excited to try these capsules.  After taking almost the whole bottle, I can say they unfortunately haven’t helped me sleep at all.From what other reviewers have to say, they are probably great quality for other purposes.  But for me, they didn’t help with the issue I am having so I wouldn’t recommend them to help you sleep.
119. I initially was concerned after opening the package when I realized that this device is intended for the outflow port from an HVAC system. While many people have the "VAC" portion of the HVAC system, my house is equipped just with the "HV" - Heating and ventilation.After looking at my setup a bit and pondering, I reached out to the manufacturer, mammoth, and asked for some guidance on installing into my system.After sending some pictures back and forth we came up with a good solution to attach the unit to the sidewall of one of the heating unit which would purify anything entering into the system.The quality of the parts are great - the lights give a satisfying sound when connecting to their receptors, and the status lights that indicate when it is safe to service the equipment or not are a great added benefit.The included template for cutting into your system is very important, as without it this task would be substantially harder.
120. My shibas love this toy and it can hold up to my pitbullsharpei mix’s chewing.  I love a toy that all 3 of my dogs can enjoy.  I’m not sure the “bristles” are doing much cleaning since they seem to prefer chewing on the hard plastic but any chewing is better than none.  Highly recommend this toy for chewers of all sizes!
121. This stuff is really great. I love how it makes my skin feel, it’s really silky soft and smells awesome. I would definitely gift these to friends and family.
122. These are pretty good pillboxes. The lids are really secure and they have a decent amount of space. They work great but there's one problem, once you put the pills in them the only way to get them back out is to completely dump the box upside down. I have skinny fingers and I still can't get them out and of course dumping it means that I drop pills more times than not. It's a design flaw for sure but the product still does a great job otherwise.
123. I like this straightener iron. It’s a simple low cost ceramic iron that goes up 450* and takes about 5-30 seconds to heat to the temperature you choose and it has 10 different levels for all different hair types. It’s a good 1 inch iron, it is easy to hold and has an auto shut off after an hour. This also has a two year warranty. It definitely is a good choice for a digital ceramic iron, and because of it’s size, it is easy to travel with. It packs a lot of punch for a great value.
124. These are listed as one size fits most. My thoughts on that were that that meant fits a lot of different sizes. Not. I wear a 14 and there way no way these were going on. I gave them to my oldest daughter, who wears an 8, and they barely fit. Not only were they difficult for her to get on in the first place, they kept sliding down, over time. The waistband doesn't hold them up very good and, with the thighs being so extremely tight, they kept wanting to work their way down. To be fair, they seem nice and warm. However, I wouldn't recommend these for anyone over a size 8 (AT MAX!) or, probably, under a size 6(?) maybe a 4 (?). Not my idea of "one size fits most".1 star - Awful! Want my money back!2 stars - Bad but not horrendous.3 stars - DecentGood4 stars - Really good!5 stars - Excellent! Definitely recommend!
125. The tissues themselves are fine. They clean and wipe snot as well as dirt and food of the face or counter, are soft and do not irritate. The packaging while compact is a bit off putting since the tissues are so jam-packed together, it's hard to pull them out in the beginning without pulling a whole wad of them as well tearing several of them. But the tissues themselves serve well as any regular tissues.
126. Th scouring pads are basically the same pads I usually buy. I use them till they fall apart which takes about couple of months, and I wash dishes very often. New, these seem fine. Scrub well, leave dishes and surfaces clean. It works for me.
127. I love this brand and this ointment. It's light and when I put it on my skin it does not feel like a heavy coating that regular Vaseline gives. I do not feel it at all. It soothes dry cracked skin immediately. It has a very pleasant either flowery scent, very warm. I can't really say what flower but I love it, it's very subtle. It does not dry fast though, so it's best to apply in the evening when all the chores are done. It has a very soothing effect on skin. I recommend it as a first quick relief treatment. Active ingredients are Lanolin 15.5% and Petrolatum 53.4%. You need to make sure you are do not have adverse reaction to them. This is not a pain reducing ointment or even disinfecting one, it simply provides small relief and makes skin soft and supple. Great for cracked skin. My knuckles get red, dry and raw in winter, and this ointment is a perfect solution for me.
128. Health and nutrients wise, this drink is very good. The label offers wealth of information on what benefits my body will receive were I to consume in on daily basis. It goes down easy and smooth, has light texture but it has a certain medicinal aftertaste like when you take pills and they slide down your throat and leave slight unpleasant aftertaste - that's how it feels immediately after drinking it. It goes away pretty fast, and the health benefits certainly outweigh this little inconvenience, but for some it's a big deal. So be in the know. I like it fine.
129. While it didn't miraculously make my teeth as white as snow, it did make them a bit lighter. The instructions it comes with leave much to be desired. They are very vague. It comes with whitening strips packets, the light machine and silicone teeth mold. First thing to do, you have to open the battery holder. There is a paper disk between two flat batteries to prevent them from running out since the button on the top is so sensitive, small accidental touch will turn it on.The strips come in two sizes - short and long. I tried both sizes on both sets of teeth and determined that longer goes on the top teeth and the short one goes on the lower teeth. It would have been nice to have it confirmed in the instructions. The whitening cycle times vary from 30-45 minutes with the requirement not to eat or drink one hour afterwards. The whitening light machine shuts off every 10 minutes on the dot, as if to remind not to leave it in too long. First time my teeth felt tingly and slightly cool, but then nothing out of ordinary happened. Since it has to stay put in there for a while, the saliva that collects behind the teeth has to go somewhere. I swallowed it. It was not overly unpleasant with slight traces of something. It's ok whitening kit, but it does not perform miracle.
130. The pack comes with four pairs of gloves - two of each colors. They have textured palm and finger surface and sort of ruffle on the edge, very cute. They fit well and do not come off even when are not tight on the wrist. They are waterproof but after using my palms and fingers were covered in powdery and slightly grainy white substance. It washes off easily, and I guess it's prevalent in rubber gloves. This was the only drawback that I noticed while using them. They are sturdy and protect from hot water. They definitely have many uses in them. Scrub your house in style!
131. Cute Christmas-themed cover with invisible zipper that will fit any standard cushion and liven up the living room. It's soft to touch and kids love it. It's a nice fun splash of color.
132. Decent tasting olive oil that's good for cooking or using for salad dressing or however you like.
133. Container : stiff, pretty, fits in car cup holder, no lid so after use you just have a tall cylinder with a hole on top.Tissue :rougher than kleenex, softer than hospitalhotel tissue. Works for wiping nose, but rough cold or touch up on makeup.... No. Also smaller than kleenex (comparison in picture). So softer prettier hospital tissue. Also because it's rough and stuffed so tight it's really difficult to pull only one out. I ended up pulling out a lot and tear all of them. Very frustrating.Overpriced. For the quality these shouldn't be more than ten in my opinion....
134. Didn't know these are powder but those pods. A little disappointed and more work to use it
135. Offering a 2 pack works well when there are multiple users in the household. This product also states that it contains “the mother” which apparently is the more effective type of ACV to take. So far, I have taken ACV with as well as without and haven’t had any noticeable differences. It has helped to regulate our digestive tract for both my husband and I, but no weight loss benefits. We are both mature seniors which I am sure makes a difference with weight loss benefits. The taste is comparable, slightly sweet with a mild ACV hint. The size is smaller than most. The directions need clarity…2 or 3.
136. I am in no way skilled at using a curling iron. With that said, after getting used to the longer barrel, it was surprisingly easy to get nicer looking waves and curls where I want them. My hair is naturally curly with a lot of body, but my natural curls are unruly. This has helped tamed my usual nightmare and I love the results. This iron is value priced and I hope it holds up well. Enjoying thus so far!
137. These are easy to swallow and supplement our probiotics has helped maintain a healthier feel for both of us. These have helped maintain regularity as well as our overall energy levels. The ingredients seem to be in line with today’s more natural and organic solutions. As with all things, everyone should be mindful of your own unique digestive tolerances.
138. The taste is pleasant and the gummy form adds a nice chewable touch without feeling like more medication is being infested. Really can’t say this helps with any weight loss but we haven’t had any weight gain which is in the plus column as well. We have been maintaining good gut health so,so far so good.
139. These gummies provide a great flavor as well as assists with maintaining a healthier gut function. We have been on a regimen of these for a few months. Although we haven’t experienced any weight loss, it has helped with regulating our digestive function. It’s a good alternative to other pharmaceutical alternatives.
140. These are surprisingly thicker than I imagined but still allowed me enough maneuverability to get dishes and household cleaning done. My hands are on the smaller side so this is always an ongoing issue. For being as sturdy as they are, I like that I could still use them. These gloves provide a great alternative to anyone with latex issues. Only used these for a week or so but there are no signs of wear on them as yet.
141. I have been taking this religiously for more than a week and so far I have noticed that is may be the reason for my regularity being more reliable. I can’t speak towards the aiding with any weight loss as yet nor do I know what this products targeted time frame is. For the price, it truly does bring value towards aiding with my digestive system. I would consider it an added bonus if I can shed a pound or two as well. It has not caused me any new discomforts due to use so that is always a good thing. No side effects for me! As with all things, everyone’s body make up is different so just because it works for some doesn’t always guarantee the same results for all.
142. This is a perfect item. I have stomach issues and I can wear this while walking around. I recommend this highly
143. Just needed the clip but it does not open
144. These Pain Relief Patches really do heat up, almost to the point of pain. you can stick them anywhere but I use them on my pelvis area when I am menstruating, they do help with the cramping, but are painful to peel off.
145. They work awesome. DOESN'T PULL ON YOUR NOSE HAIRS LIKE SOME TRIMMERS.
146. My 6-year-old loves wearing a sleep mask to bed. This one is so cute and comfortable she loves it. The material is really soft and it stays on all night long. The fact that it's Disney makes it that more special and loved.
147. This is a cute set of 4 different holiday-themed face masks. They fit my 8-year-old perfectly and she liked wearing them to school to show her festive spirit. She said they were comfortable and breathable.
148. In this pack you get 2 different face masks, I choose the tie-dye set. They are colorful and really stand out. They are more importantly really comfortable to wear and are breathable.
149. I think this Dreft Detergent is great. I love the smell and it really does make the clothes soft and smell great. I like the new box it has an easy to use spout.
150. This is a great set of balloons I really loved all the soft pastel colors. This has 90 balloons 10 of each of the nine different colors. We just blew this up and had them for decoration. It would make a beautiful arch.
151. I have a kid who is always sick, and her tonsils are enlarged so she catches everything. She has been taking these and well I don't see a huge difference. She is sick as we speak, and she still has some constipation issues. She says they are tasty and easy to take which is a plus, I gonna let her finish these out before I decide to buy more.
152. These are packaged up really cute. That's pretty much where the positives end. They smell rather gross and all smell basically the same. If they get too wet they just disintegrate and disappear in seconds. There is very little scent released. In fact, I couldn't smell them at all while in the shower. After I got out I caught a whiff of very faint scent. But that's it. Totally not worth it.
153. These pills are easy to swallow and have no weird aftertaste. They work as well as other green tea extract I've used. They are just really expensive comparatively for the same dosage.
154. While these aren't the softest tissues, the round packaging is amazing. They fit in car cupholders perfectly. The tissues come out of the canisters smoothly. Very useful.
155. I have used these several times now. It fully blocks the light while being very conformable.  It worked for me laying down in bed and sitting up on a very early flight. It let me get the best sleep I have ever had on a plane. The soft silk does not add any distraction like other sleep masks I have tried.
156. Tons and cute
157. This shoehorn is the right length for my husband to easily slide into his shoes, as he can't bend over.  Very sturdy.
158. Perfect! And every morning I can actually find my glasses!!!
159. Disappointed! And frustrated with myself for being fooled by great marketing. “Blueberry Bliss” is actually soy and different kinds of sugar in a bar. They taste just ok, and are NOT a healthy alternative to other sweets. Just another bar full of soy and other crap. Don’t waste your money! NOTHING “blissful” about this bar.I hope I’ve finally learned my lesson! Most bars are junk.
160. Bought this for my mom to reach cabinets in the kitchen but she uses it to climb into her bed.  She loves it.
161. Love this product! Impossible to find in stores.
162. I use these inserts along with my custom orthotics, and they seem to reduce pain and fatigue even more than I thought they would.  Almost unnoticeable when you're wearing them, too!
163. I followed the instructions and this product seemed to help my slow kitchen drain.  It has been about two weeks now since I finished using it and everything seems to be working well. I will get more and use it as maintenance to keep my drain clear. I really liked that it was so easy to use and each dose was in it's own bottle. So all I had to do was shake it and pour the liquid down the drain. No mixing or measuring.
164. This set of toothbrushes is terrific especially for those with sensitive gums and teeth. The brushes are soft and almost sponge like. They are effective at cleaning teeth without causing irritation. They are comfortable to hold and use. The cylindrical plastic cases make them ideal for travel. One of the caps is perforated to let moisture out. The four different colors help family members easily identify theirs. Very impressed.
165. This is a pretty and functional dowsing board A circle of lightweight wood it features attractive center illustrations and large, readable responses. The back is plain and there is no carrying case, bag or box. It is nice and functional  It also comes with a complimentary ankh pendant, vintage style postcard and little thank you banner.
166. These dry wipes are excellent. Designed to be used with a bucket, they are strong, absorbent and versatile. They are softer than I anticipated but strong. They do not tear or leave behind lint. They can be used virtualky anywhere, garage, workshop, kitchen, bsth or office. Impressed by the quality.
167. like most people in the Northeast I need to supplement vitamin D. Winters are long, dark and dreary and the lack of sun takes actoll. This is a satisfactory supplement. The pills are small and easy to swallow. One tablet a day contains 5000ius of Vitamin D. I have had no negative side effects. Goid supplement.
168. This sports drink tastes like salty Tang. It mixes easily with water. No clumping and no residue on the bottom. Each small packet provides s punch of potassium and electrolytes. The orange flavor is good and in cold water it is refreshing. The packets are small enough to tuck in a pocket or pack. They open easily. It is sugar free and I like the monk fruit-stevia blend used to sweeten it. I have been using these while exercising the dogs. It is summet, hot and humid. These do rehydrate and I feel good after taking.
169. If you ever read the ingredients on a standard commercial air freshener they give you pause. Yes you home may smell like a tropical paradise but at what cost to your lungs and environment. This two pack is delightfully different. The packaging is cute, from the recyclable packaging to the reusable containers. There is a single sprayer. The fragrance which is from oils is light, clean and refreshing. The lemon thyme smells terrific, clean without being medicinal. It doesn't choke you or cloy. The sprayer works smoothly and the fragrance lasts.
170. These pretty gloves are durable and versatile. The two pairs of purple ones are lined while the white and yellow ones are unlined. Both are comfortable and strong. They are great for any number of tasks from household cleaning to gardening to shampooing the dogs. The palms and fingers are textured. They do not contain latex. The scalloped edges are attractice and they come up over the wrists. Great gloves.
171. Astragalus root is an adaptogen used in Traditional Chinese medicine. It is reputed to help the immune  and cardiovascular systems as well as being a powerful anti-inflammatory. This powder comes in a small, resealable pouch. The powder is clean, vegan, gluten and GMO free. It has a distinctive earthy flavor that is easily masked by combining wth smoothies, juice or other foods. While I can't point to any specific benefit I generally feel better when I am taking it than when I am not. I have not experienced any negative side effects but if you are taking any medication especially immunosuppressants or lithium consult your physician. I am satisfied with this product. Seems pure and blends well.
172. Well one size will fit most skinny people. I doubt thesewill accomodate plus sizes or curvy figures. That being said they are nicely made. The waist band is wide and textured. The insides are soft fleece while the exterior is smooth. They do stretch but not far. They are form fitting but comfortable. Instructions say to hand wash. Not in this lifetime. I laundered in a lingerie bag in cold water on the gentle cycle. Turned out fine.
173. This gel is terrific. I inadvertently got a serious sunburn on my back. I was at an outdoor function. The sun must have been stronger than I realized because it penetrated my shirt. Probably the worst burn I've ever gotten. this provided almost immediate relief. The aloe is soothing and healing. The menthol is cooling. It does have a strong minty fragrance, almost like a supercharged mouthwash. I wish it was either unscented or lighter. But the bottom line is it provides pain relief quickly and stimulates healing. Great stuff.
174. This is a terrific petroleum jelly. Scentless it applies smoothly and performs as expected. Can't tell the difference between these and the name brand. The four pack is both convenient and economical Good deal.
175. A serious bout of food poisoning left my digestive system super sensitive. I found relief by regular supplementation of probioitics and digestive enzymes. This probiotic is made by a reliable company. Dosage is one a day. The capsules are easy to swallow. I have suffered no ill effects from use. Ultimately my digestive system will let me know if something does not agree and so far this supplement has maintained a healthy state. works for me.
176. This baby oil has a light sweet coconut fragrance. Made from soybean oil, coconut oil, lecithin, vitamins E and C and fragrance, it applies easily and absorbs quickly.. The pump dispenser works flawlessly. It is very gentle and no negative side effects were experienced. The scent is fresh and does not overpower. The oil leaves skin soft and supple.  It is free of mineral oil, parabens, phthalates, dyes, and, formaldehyde. The directions describe this as a massage oil but it functions pretty much like any baby oil. It is appropriate for babies of all ages.
177. Although normally associated with men's health issues, especially those prostate related, pumpkin seed oil is a great supplement for both sexes. In addition to supporting the bladder and urinary tract, it is heart protective. It has powerful anti-inflammatory properties and is frequently used as an anti-parasitic. It helps with insomnia and depression.These capsules by Natures Bounty are fairly large but I had no difficulty swallowing them and experienced no unpleasant side effects. They are somewhat diuretic but I find that they do help me get a good night's sleep. My mother has sever arthritis and reported these eased her pain and stiffness. I take these as a preventative and am satisfied with this product.
178. Tart cherries are credited with easing inflammation, accelerating muscle recovery, and  easing insomnia. I much prefer nutriceuticals to pharmaceuticals. These capsules are easy to swallow and the user is to take up to three a day with meals. I have been taking them and can't say I've noticed any impact, good or bad. However my mother, who suffers from arthritis, and my brother, who has a chronic knee problem, both reported noticeable improvement. They have been taking one capsule a day. My brother now forgoes his Advil for this supplement. Tart cherry juice is an expensive, acquired taste. These capsules are a cost effective way to reap the benefits of tart cherry without fuss or muss.
179. I was informed that DGL Licorice would be helpful for acid reflux.  It did not work for me.
180. This is a lovely, small pendant that is very well done.The detailing is clear and the bale is large enough to accommodate most average chains.It's very comfortable to wear; you hardly know it's there and have to keep checking to make sure it IS still there.On religious jewelry, I personally prefer a solid back; this has a hollowed out back. But the pendant has been finished off well and is quite attractive.
181. So at times it doesn't take a reading but I have found it accurate now after a few days in a row of confirmed ketosis. Sometimes you just have to wait and try the reading again, but I think for the price, it is a good deal!
182. I am sold on the Quell.
183. Works and fits great love the toe freedom as I hate wearing socks to bed. I can wear these to bed
184. Great case! You won't be disappointed!
185. I like them but the frames are a little too Thick for me...
186. Had a glass shower and it works well to remove water from walls
187. I ordered this brand when I couldn't get my regular brand which I still prefer but this was an OK substitute.
188. This is so easy to use! It took me all of 2 seconds (if that) to check my temperature after reading the instructions. There is a quick start instruction sheet and then the full instruction and care booklet. You can check the ambient temperature of the room, as well as check your temperature via the forehead or the ear canal. I checked both and the reads were really close to the same temperature, and both so easy to accomplish. Being digital is a big plus as well.It comes in a velvet bag for storage, and cleaning instructions are very easy, with no chemicals or alcohol necessary, just a wet cloth. I always have to use alcohol to wipe down my mouth thermometer, so that no germs are transferred. But this one doesn't touch saliva, so the concern of sharing sickness is minimal.I HIGHLY recommend this product.
189. I love this cleaner. It sits on everything- soap scum, gross grout (although probably not to be used for grout) it cleans the tough stuff! I love it.
190. I love this! It works well and smells nice. I practice hot yoga so this cleaner is a must!
191. Oh how this has helped me! I was running and even walking longer distances and getting serious blisters on the bottom of my feet. Before I resorted to duct tape I wanted to try anything else and I read about this. So far it has helped and I haven’t had blisters yet. Fingers crossed it continues to help so I don’t keep getting blisters on the bottom of my feet!!
192. I have this a one star only because it didn’t catch all my sweat and I must have a weirdly shaped head because it never stayed on. I do think this a good concept just didn’t work for me.
193. I will get one every year!
194. so I started using this Benecol today.  I will post update on my numbers in a few weeks.BTW:  GREAT packing.  Arrived well packed in a small cooler with cold packs, despite the temperature outside being in the 50s.  Appreciate the thoughtful packing.
195. Great price & perfect for upcoming hiking trip
196. I use this every day,if your into Ayurvedic lifestyle this is a must.
197. Sorry but NOT the best cleaner. Leaves mat with a film that I can’t get rid of without running a hose on my mat or putting it in the shower. Does not work as advertised. Seems to be a little t of false advertising these days on Amazon.
198. These are my favorite dryer sheets, hard to find in stores, so thanks to Amazon I can get these. The scent is fabulous when I lived in a HOA my neighbors would make a point to ask what I use LOL, yeah too close for comfort. The scent will last for awhile, I like to add these to my closets and dresser chests.
199. Like this hard-to-find mouthwash so much. Leaves mouth feeling fresh and clean. Tart taste. Just right, though
200. Good size, and comfortable. However, suction cups dont hold well to tub or tiles even after wetting them before attempting to apply to flat surface.
201. I'm losing my vision and I hope this helps slow the process.
202. These are great and make brushing easier.  Dog can't bite me now.  She likes the smaller brush as well.
203. BEST stain remover EVER!
204. Was as expected when recived.Id buy from this seller again
205. product arrived on time as promised. I have been using this omega-3 supplement for about 6 months. The supplement has no taste or fishy after-taste. I noticed that it helped my cholesterol levels stay at a healthy number and I will continue to use this as long as I can continue to afford the price. I would highly recommend this product.
206. The soap, the box it comes in, and the package it was shipped in were all covered in flakes of soap. The box was falling apart. I had to put the bars in ziplock bags to store it. I certainly wouldn’t gift it to anyone! I don’t know if it is normal for it to be covered in the flakes or not, but it certainly wasn’t what I thought I would get.
207. Works as advertised on tight and knotted muscles; very pleased.I haven’t experienced the problem with this airtight packaging that other posters have described.  🤞I won’t.
208. This thing is horrible. The bottom surface is very hard and lumpy. Its like walking in the driveway and stepping on rocks. Yuck. It has hard plastic rollers that feel awful.  I took them off but there is  hard plastic posts left. Bad design.
209. Very nice size, vibrant colors.
210. I needed a strap for my son who wears glasses and has hearing aids. Something that would allow him to easily pull his mask up and down without pulling off his hearing aids. The strap connects to the mask and fits nicely around the back of the neck. Which means one less thing behind my son's ears. These straps were super easy to attach to the mask. They adjust easily and the quantity ensures I have plenty in case some are lost. They also wash up well in case I forget to detatch them from the cloth mask during washing. I highly recommend these straps for those who struggle with straps behind the ears.
211. I like that it has a backlight for easy reading. It is also quite accurate.
212. It feels nice. Looks pretty. Affordable. Does it feel work? I don’t know!
213. I purchased these to help massage oils onto my dry scalp. I felt like my finger tips alone was not doing the trick. I feel like this helps massage the oils onto my scalp. I also use it when using my tea tree shampoo.
214. I just received my L-Glutamine yesterday so I've only used it once but I'm raving about it already.  I have a very sensitive stomach that is constantly inflamed.  I have recently gone off sugar and flour and that helps some.  But when I took my dose of L-Glutamine yesterday, my stomach was INSTANTLY SOOTHED.  I've never felt that before.  It didn't last all day but that was my first dose.  Even if I can get relief short term, I'm loving it.  My hope is that it will eventually help my stomach heal.
215. I loved the Swarovski crystals.  It was fun to have so much bling on my ears.  The adhesive didn't stick well in areas on a ridge.  Also, on each ear one of the crystals moved to the point of revealing the gold pellet underneath.  I didn't mind, they still looked pretty.  Be aware that some people, such as myself, react poorly to gold.  I won't be able to use these for myself again, and the crystal styles currently only come with gold plated pellets.
216. i cleaned all the markers that my little people did and it take a little elbow work but it works your walls and my side table in the kitchen is back to normal smells great it dont agitates my sinuses i need to get a huge tub of this stuff shines stainless steel to a sparkle on my sink just goobles up the water mineral buildup never using other stuff after this now i dont have to sand down my walls because of marker marks hope this helps someone out get this box first comes with a two different scrubbier and start getting the same stuff after that no disappointment
217. Got this for my granddaughter. She received it and was very happy with it.
218. I do my own nail tips and I would recommend this product.
219. they do not stay on
220. I have been fermenting my own vegetables for some time now. I have tried various methods and recipes. I would not consider making fermented vegetables without this product.I use 1 tablespoon of Himalayan Pink Salt per head of cabbage, 1 packet of Body Ecology Vegetable Starter, 1 rounded teaspoon of organic honey (locally purchased from our bee-keeper).  I put these ingredients into my Vita Mix with some of the vegetables and I pulverize it using pure Alkaline water. I then put the brine on the shredded vegetables and stir well. I add additional water if needed. I use different amounts of salt but not on the other ingredients. Just one packet of starter, etc. is enough.I then pack the vegetables into a German crock (purchased here on Amazon) and I pack them down using a potato masher.  When the pot is packed, I add whole cabbage leaves to place on top to keep small pieces of vegetables from floating. I add the stones that came with the Crock on top of the leaves. I push them down with the potato masher and make sure that the water rises above the stones.I then leave this for 7 days at room temperature.  When fermented, I place the vegetables in mason jars and store in my refrigerator. I eat these vegetables daily. I like them with scrambled eggs for breakfast or a nice piece of meat for dinner as a side dish.I am always making fermented vegetables. My favorite is organic green cabbage and carrots. But you can use almost any vegetable and add red pepper and garlic if desired. The choice is yours. My crock pot is always in use.I have read the Body Ecology book which I would also recommend to anyone interested in the health benefits from fermented foods.I have tried other starters, but I like Body Ecology Culture Starter the very best. By using a starter, I KNOW that the friendly bacteria is in my vegetables. This culture contains lactococcus species, leuconostoc species and lactobacillus species.  You get a lot of the right type of friendly bacteria for your colon, immune system and general health.
221. Lovely, I ordered it because it reminds me of those Tibetan Temple wheels.
222. Stays in place but doesn't conform to the eye, nose, and cheek area so a bit of light comes in.  I do wear it though just to change up from my other sleep mask.
223. was way too big for RV seat, made it look sloppy and uncomfortable
224. Worked great, instant results
225. Great item. Good price. Fast ship
226. loved the variety
227. I love these files
228. I love these sponges!!! tip...cut them in half and they last twice as long. I don't use any other sponges anymore
229. Very nice and comfortable mask
230. I ENJOY IT.  NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE IN THE SETTINGS BUT IT WORKS VERY WELL AS SOON AS YOU GET USED TO ITS POWER
231. Really like these glucose tablets, they taste good and they increase my sugar pretty fast.
232. I really like these wash cloths. Whenever my aide does not come to give me a shower, I use these and they are wonderful. They have a nice smell to them and they warm up nicely.
233. I use these to give my cat a baby aspirin every three days for his hear murmur.  He spits the tablets out, so I crush them and add a little water.  So, I use this to help him take the liquid.  Just have to be careful and easy because it could go down the wrong way.  We can control the flow with this more easily.
234. Very good product.  Tastes great!
235. Good product
236. Always running out of these. Now have ample supply to keep a box in almost every room.
237. Great quality. . .Grade: A
238. Tyey releived my heel pain - even walkingstanding for hours- I've tried several other products- These not only helped the pain it help with the padding- the swelling in my heels- I highly recommend- Pricy-I bought two sets-- but worth the releif-
239. Great bag for the money durable. I highly reccomend
240. I have allergies and it is great
241. Ok wish I would have ordered a prebiotic with a probiotic
242. Wasn't sure if I was going to like this or even if it was going to work but I'm surprised! And pleasantly. Charging it with a USB takes a couple of hours and then  you just push the button to the on position and push on the handle, and you can light your candles and everything else. Just a tip .. At 1st I thought it didn't work because I wasn't pushing the button-down after sliding it on like you would a normal lighter but after you slide it to the on position you have to push that button to get it to light . Love it! And it will save me money on having to buy long lighters.
243. I finally have to admit that I'm getting older and my feet hurt. When I wear boots in particular,  after a couple of hours in I have to take them off or sit down because the balls of my feet will burn and it's just uncomfortable.I have some knee damage and I broke my foot a few years ago so these days even more than before, I am aware of how uncomfortable feet affect my mood,  my posture and my balance.When you are not walking straight and even late  it can affect your hip and lower back as well . These insoles are an absolute godsend. In my pictures you'll see how much thicker they are near the balls of the feet than the ones you get at the store,  or even the custom ones I had made at a local store. Nothing beats these for comfort. The gel is thick and distributes evenly in such a way that I feel like I'm wearing my slippers all day. I live in South Texas, where boots are an absolute staple, in the summer or winter, and these insoles have made such a difference!You will have to cut them down to size just like with most insoles that you buy at the store,  and since they are thicker than any others I have ever bought, I do need to wear thinner socks. But since boots (western ones, in particular) tend to be a little roomier,  these insoles work perfectly with them.I don't know what negative ion technology is but I really don't need to know the details. All I need to know is that these will stay in my boots and I will replace them every six months as recommended because I've never been more comfortable in my boots! After wearing them the first day, my daughter borrowed them from me and put them in her shoes because she was planning on a long day at school and work. She too was amazed...at 23 years old she has discovered that gel insoles are not just for old ladies like her mom. :)I never thought I'd be sitting here riding along review about my feet come on my boots or insoles, but here I am raving about my latest discovery! I can definitely recommend this to anyone.
244. I love bath bombs as long as they dissolve completely and have fresh scents. These fit the bill! Both the Euphoria and the Citrus are great for  relaxing and getting your mojo back after a long week. I like Friday night baths, instead of showers, to invigorate me for the weekend, and these have fresh natural oils and scents, not chemical or overly sweet fragrances nd perfumes. There is no grit at the bottom of the tub that you are sitting in as they dissolve completely (again, a big issue for me) so the company gets props for an amazing product. Also good for gift giving as they are packaged in a nice box.I received these bath bombs at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I really do love this set!
245. I realize I am getting older as I find myself needing toe separators and arch inserts or gel liners in my shoes. I am not too vain to buy them though, or to admit that I need them. There's more pep in my step when I do use them, and this comes with several sets in  box, so it saves me a trip to the pharmacy to buy something similar and these work better. They're also well made, thick gel  and in the long run, work better than those simple ones that go between your big toe and the next one.You just slip them in between your toes and throw on your tennies or Toms or whatever. No one needs to know and I find myself walking longer and at a much better pace with a lot less pain!I wore high heels for decades and I am definitely paying the price for it now that I am in my fifties. All those years of wearing shoes that were so fashionable but crammed my toes together and did not give me good back support, well that's all catching up with me and as bunions have appeared, I have found the need for toe separators. Don't be too vain to allow yourself absolute comfort. Go ahead and get these and you will not be disappointed.I was one of those lucky people that was able to get these toe separators at a super low discounted  price in exchange for my honest review and opinion. At first I balked at the idea,  but now realized what a great idea it was and what a great product this is.
246. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.  THE CATS SEEM TO BE ATTRACTED TO IT
247. We need alcohol pads and these where a great price for the same item that we had purchased before in smaller volume.  FAST delivery
248. I think I can see a difference but maybe I don't see a great difference. I am only using it now because I paid for it and don't want wasted money.  Guess my morning routine is busy enough
249. Great mat to help protect surfaces from heat damage. I usually set my curling iron to around 400 degrees and the mat shows no signs of damage what so ever. I should have bought one of these years ago. Its flexible so it can be rolled up and stored away until you need it.
250. Ordered wrong kind. Didn't work as prescribed use was to be.
251. I use this everyday. So good.
252. This is good. I keep it on my desk and chew it to get rid of coffee breath. Ha.
253. It’s not gourmet but it serves a purpose. If I have to serve this I add tomatoes or chopped broccoli so it is a bit healthier and it goes further.
254. uncomfortable. I wish I kept the box so I could return it. yuck. I fell off my chair twice when this monster was on it.
255. The cloth liner didn't even make it through one house cleaning
256. My daughter-in-law loved this present especially the part where it came with earplugs in order to relax and enjoy it
257. Not made very well for something supposed to be used for medical use. But it serves the purpose.  So we will keep it. Use it as side table for new bed that has lifting base.
258. Was great but some of the letters did not have a valve to put air in, so we could not blow up!!
259. I bought these for my daughter and her family. I put their names in between the designs and it turned out so cute. My son in law, 2 granddaughters and my daughter wore their Christmas hats all day on Christmas day. They loved them. They are so different from the usual red Christmas hats with the white trimming. I had bought them another set but they liked these better. I bought the lettering from Amazon too. SO CUTE. Wish I knew how to take and photo and download to the section to add photos.
260. I am not going to be ugly - but this was the worse 9.00 I have spent and that is all I have to say about it.
261. My lips have never been in such a good condition. No more lines and peeling. I just can't say enough about this product. It's like silk on your lips! But, most of all it works!!!!
262. Great cleaner and the cloths are a nice size and work well.  I did purchase extra cloths to be able to have one in my purse and one at work.  Also if one gets dirty I can just grab a new one to replace it.  The small bottle is handy to carry in my purse.  Happy with this purchase.
263. I bought this to try on nerve pain, particularly sciatic nerve pain. It has a nice creamy, moisturizing feel and is easily blendedabsorbed by the skin. Not a bad product, but in this application for this person it is not working to soothe the pain. We've used it over several weeks and it isn't dulling the nerve pain as well as a soaking bath with magnesium salts does in this case. Tried it for muscular pain and it seems to do ok. For the price, for our needs; I would buy magnesium salts and soak in the tub instead. Great shippingfulfillment of the order; seller is great.
264. I got it just for the cute carrying case
265. Good product. Seems like it will work with creams.
266. I always hate this.  A bottle should be at least a months amount. This is only 20 days worth - 60 tablets with a 3 per day serving.  They also give me fishy burps after taking them.  And they are horse pills, so hard to swallow for me.Other than that, there is nothing wrong with these.  It is good to take omega 3 oils for your heart.
267. I wasn't sure what to expect with this as I usually take pills for my B12.  The taste is good.  My only real complaint is a dropperful is supposed to be 1mL, but I have yet to be able to get the full 1mL in the dropper.  The most I can get it to go is to .75mL.
268. I was making a leather folio cover for my brother and accidentally scratched it.  This stuff took off the scratches and make it look great.  Did not remove the dye or anything, just made it look good.
269. If you remember that coconut milk is a watery liquid, you have to change your expectations for this product.  It advertises to use it in coffee as a creamer substitute.  It just isn't as good as almond milk.  Or really real milk or cream.  I'm trying to use less animal products, but it can be difficult when the substitutes are just not the right consistency.  And I drink strong coffee.It does have a nice coconut flavor. I think if you think of it as a way to have coconut milk without keeping coconut milk around, it is very usable.  Kind of like nonfat dried milk.  Good to use in recipes.  Maybe smoothies?  But not as coffee creamer.
270. I put in my morning drinks or smoothies.
271. Fit true to size.great quality. Comfortable. Non fading. Good price.goid timing. BUT after wearing 4 times started to see holes in leg area disappointed.
272. Unfortunately, these didn't work, and I returned them. First, if you have a larger roll of paper, they're not large enough to fit around the roll.Second, the cutter wrinkles and tears the paper instead of delivering a clean cut.
273. My cat is now a senior cat and, like everyone I suppose, has an increasing amount of health problems and risk.  My vet said that her kidney values are elevated and although not quite 'chronic kidney disease', she has the potential to develop that over the next few years.  The vet recommended this rehmannia eight as an alternative therapy to try.I have to say that my cat is usually very picky with what she eats and i was wary whether she would like this.  Fortunately for me, my cat thinks this is dessert and as I sprinkle it on her food, she makes it a point to eat the kibble with the r-eight drops on it first.I've noticed that shortly after she started taking rehmannia eight (within a few weeks) her fur coat was a lot softer and she actually seemed to be younger (even more energetic than she usually is and happier seeming).  Or maybe this is all in my head as a huge cat lover...Fast forward a year and my cat still loves this rehmannia eight on a twice daily basis (5 drops a meal).  Her kidney values are still on the high side but she's managed to stave off chronic kidney disease for this long so I'll continue.
274. it takes a few weeks to receive this product, but they are great glasses.
275. I had been using Emjoi battery operated micro unit for years. Had tried others but they don’t come anywhere this company’s products. When I saw this was available, I couldn’t wait to order! Quick, efficient, and does just as prescribed. One of my favorite purchases!
276. My mom absolute love these. These were the only ones that would not slide off her nose.
277. If you live alone or need a gift for someone who does, this is it. It is 2 pieces that snap together to make a sturdy hard plastic tool to use pressure to relieve pain. And it works! Used with very gentle stretching exercises if you can, until mobility is restored.. I love this thing. I am over 400 lbs and it still works on me. More people should know about this. Do Yoga? Exercise? Nurse? You NEED this.. eventually, you will and will be glad you have it. I had constant pain under a shoulder blade. There is a muscle that can go out of place and get stuck. Very painful. With the right researched exercises (and self-diagnosis) this was healed in 2 weeks after MONTHS of suffering. (See your Doctor if you can, I couldn't)
278. Works well, it is sturdy and it nice and compact size.  Would recommend.
279. I thought this was a great idea, but it just ended up being a hassle. The seat part of is just loose fabric; I thought it looked like it had some stability on the sides in the photos, but it doesn't. It get incredibly heavy when wet, so it's not easy to hang as it feels like it's going to break off the hook.
280. I use it in the shower and like it a lot.  My husband is letting me use it for awhile to see if it holds up.  If it does he will get his own.  ****Update**  I purchased another and both died before a year.  Just stopped working without any warning at all.  When it worked they worked great but they die early.  Disappointed
281. Have not recieved this item yet but I love these batteries.  They don't last as long as other batteries but it is worth recharging them when needed.
282. Why take a product that is so simple to use and complicate it so much? I followed the directions and could not get it to heat up. It might work great, but, I don't have the patience to figure it out, so am returning it.
283. The spouts are different than the ones i. The photo.It is mildly disappointing.
284. Did nothing not sharp like the professional ones.
285. crap product.  does not stay up.  Cheaply made too expensive for the low quality.  Like a dollar store item.  Took forever to receive.  Not even worth the hassle to return. Lesson learned.
286. We are on our way to Maui and I'm so glad we have our wrap-a-naps. It will make a LONG flight so much more comfortable. I bought them for my whole family a few years ago for Christmas and they were the best purchase I have made in a long time.
287. everybody has different tastes me personally didn't like it because it is too sweet for me.
288. This is something I have been adding to my smoothies, and in that situation, the flavor works fine. I don’t like the taste well enough to just mix with milk, but in my vanilla yogurt, frozen blackberries, splash of apple juice smoothies, it is just fine.As far as pain relief, I haven’t noticed any at all. I have an autoimmune arthritis, which the reason I tried this, but haven’t had any reduction in pain. This probably takes time to work, like glucosamine does. I intend to keep using it and will update.
289. I was so-so with this product.  I was thinking it was OK, if you wanted to spend the money.  Then I fell.  A stupid fall, no need to explain.  With 60 as my next birthday, I was in some severe pain.  I thought......Copper calf compression sleeves.....why?  Well, I totally wiped out my right calf....not in the back, but the front.  I fell duh.  I am now a convert.  There is nothing greater than copper sleeves.  I now have elbow, and hand gloves.  This company rocks it cool.
290. Works well enough. I bought it so I won't annoy my wife when I vape in her car. Wife not annoyed. Daddy very happy. Winning!
291. No influences were found.
292. 110 volts from the electrical network is supplied to the product's plastic bowl filled with water. Personally, I am afraid to immerse my legs in such a product.
293. I don't have an issue with straps around my ears.  However, I was hoping that these extenders would make it easier for me to take my mask on and off, allowing it to hang from my neck when needed.  Unfortunately, these were not really good for that purpose.  I found it hard to adjust the mask straps over the small nibs of the extender.  Once I did get the straps in place, there is nothing to keep them there!  I found that the extender kept shifting and the straps of the mask fell off.  I can't use these how I wanted to and and I wouldn't recommend them.
294. I wanted to try these brackets both to create more space for breathing while wearing a mask and also to prevent my makeup from getting on the mask.  Unfortunately, I found these a little tricky to use.  They are kind of bulky--you can see them poking out of the top of my mask, plus you can see the bumps and ridges under the mask, which looks a bit weird.  But despite their bulkiness, they were also a little small for my face shape, as they kept slipping off my nose.  And they didn't make it easier to talk, as they moved even more with speaking.  I might use these for certain situations, but overall, I wouldn't recommend them.
295. I have used styling products my whole life but only started using a flat iron a few years ago.  I like that one and yet thought there might be something better, especially since I've been using the flat iron for both straightening and light waves of late.I love the sleek, all black look of this iron.  It's a little smallerslimmer than my old one, and it has a nice long swivel cord.  It heats up super-quickly as promised, and the auto shutoff is a nice feature.  Unfortunately, the coloring of the temperature display makes it very difficult to read the numbers, especially as I am getting ready in the morning without my reading glasses.  (Note: you will have to press both the power button and the temp button at the same time to switch the temperature reading from C to F.)For straightening my hair, I found that the iron generally performed well.  I didn't really see any different between the floating plates of this iron and my old iron, but still, the iron worked well for my fine hair.  I had more trouble using this iron to create waves.  The sleek black case is aesthetically pleasing but has no real tractiongrip, making it hard to twirl the iron for curling.  Although there are small grips at the end of the iron, these aren't tapered and don't work well at all.  Adding to the challenge is that the plates go all the way to the end, so when gripping the tips and trying to turn the iron, I burned myself several times.If you plan to use this iron for straightening only, it may work for you, but if you are looking for a more versatile styling product, I would not recommend this iron.
296. This is a great 3-pack of reading glasses.  I love that they come protective fabric cases (a neoprene-type material), as these are much more compact for storagetravel than bulky hard cases.  I also love that the frames are full-sized, so they work well for activities such as using a computer screen--I am wearing a pair for this purpose right now!  The frames are also thin and lightweight, but they are attractive in a simple way.  They set includes three different translucent frame colors.  All-in-all I am very happy with these and definitely would recommend!
297. This DVD, which bills itself as a "30 day body transformation," basically offers strength training exercises plus cardio and nutritional tips.  It features two brothers, Craig and Matt Lewandowski, who present the information as well as the workout.  According to their Flabs 2 Abs web site, "learning doesn't have to be boring," so the Lewandowski brothers provide their advice with humor--for example, they are wearing chef's hats during the "Nutrition" segment.The Main Menu for this DVD reads as follows:  Introduction--Nutrition--Cardio--Weight TrainingThe Introduction is a quick (&lt;1 minute) overview in which Craig and Matt explain that viewers will see results in just 30 days.  Cardio is also a short segment (1.5 minutes), as it consists solely of the brothers explaining that high intensity cardio is not necessary for their program.  Rather, they maintain that the "secret" to fat loss is low intensity cardio performed at a comfortable pace; they recommend 20 minutes in the morning and again in the evening to start.Nutrition has its own submenu consisting of Introduction--Nutrition--Examples.  During the 5.5 minute Nutrition segment Craig and Matt outline their nutritional plan, which includes the following components:*5 meals per day*protein at all 5 meals*whole grain carbohydrates at first 4 meals*vegetables at every meal are okay, but watch serving sizes and no starches*fats limited to 1 serving of "good" fat per meal*both fruit and dairy limited to 1 serving per day; may need to be less*NO sugar, trans fat, empty carbs, or alcoholThe Weight Training also has its own submenu.  During the Introduction, Craig and Matt explain that there are 6 different muscle groups (although there area actually SEVEN, including abs), with the goal of working a different muscle group on each of six days and then resting on day seven.  I have listed each of the muscle groups as they appear on the submenu below; I have added in approximate times as well as a list of the exercises included in that segment.NOTE:  For each muscle group, the two brothers are performing the exercises to music, but there is NO verbal instruction.  In addition, quite a bit of equipment is required for these exercises, including a weight bench, several sets of dumbbells, and a pull-up bar.  With the exception of the Abs exercises, 8-10 reps are usually performed of each exercise, with 30 second rest periods in-between sets.ABS (7 minutes)10-20 reps of each exercise.  Bicylces - Ins & Outs - Frankensteins - Scissors - V-ups - Pulse-ups - Touch Dem Toes - Miss THANG - Macho ManCHEST (7 minutes)Push-ups - Incline press - Incline flies - 2nd set of allSHOULDERS (10 minutes)Warm-up shoulder press - Shoulder press - Side laterals - Front dumbbell raise - Front shoulder press - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BICEPS (12 minutes)Warm-up curls - Curls - Hammer curls - Wide curls - Twenty ones - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)TRICEPS (5.5 minutes)Warm-up tricep overhead extension - Tricep overhead extension - Skull crushers - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BACK (16.5 minutes)Pull-ups - Standing rows - Wide pull-ups - Lawn mowers - Chin-ups - Dumbbell dead lifts - Multi-grip pull-ups - 2nd set of allLEGS (12.5)Warm-up squats - lunges - squats - calf raises - invisible wall squat - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)The final section off of the Main Menu, Extras, includes Tips--Keeping It Off--Examples--Outtakes.Although the Lewandowski brothers make an effort to be funny and engaging in this DVD, to me, they came across as goofy and downright silly at times.  Some men might enjoy their antics, but I simply cannot see these two appealing to a female audience.  In fact, this entire DVD clearly seems more geared to men, from the weight loss success stories shown during the Introduction to the majority of the examples give.  Plus, the exercises themselves place the most emphasis on the areas on which men tend to prefer to focus, including the back and biceps.  Male exercisers looking for a no-nonsense overall diet and exercise approach may appreciate the relative straight-forwardness of this DVD, but I think that the appeal to others is likely to be quite limited, and for that reason, my final rating is 2 12 stars.
298. These are reasonably comfortable but the padding is too thin. They feel cheap from the start and the padding compresses immediately, so you don’t get much benefit. The padding is stitched to the mesh i  two places, but even though I folded it in thirds to make it thicker, it still didn’t help protect my elbow. Would have helped to have a hard shell on the outside. So these were a fail for me and I’m still looking for something better.
299. I get hives after eating some foods, but these capsules take care of them quickly. I wish the company offered larger quantity bottles.
300. My ice strap is for my back & it came with these small thin packs that look like those kids popsicles, most of them after about a years use busted & leaked. These are much thicker & hold their freeze point muuuuch longer. Great buy!
301. They work great. They're ear plugs. I got tired of using balled up Kleenex. The only issue is the vibration noise of the cord traveling into the ear canal when it moves around while trying to study.  I have used a pair of foam plugs from work that have a plastic cord and it's quieter.I like these, tho. I take the cord off to study for school. Doesn't matter as much if I'm doing yardwork or in a high noise environment.
302. I'm very picky about buying barley grass juice powder. I drink it nearly every morning, first thing by itself in 6 ounces of R O water. I have found I really do feel much better physically when consuming this on a regular basis. I have a favorite brand and for some reason it has not been available for the last couple months and then I ran completely out of it while waiting. So after much research I decided to try Synergy's brand. I'm very happy with the quality and taste and of course the results I notice. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a quality product. It's a reasonable price too.
303. Easy installation.  Definitely improved grip on slippery surfaces with my dress shoes. Wish darker colors were available for mens shoe bottoms.
304. This was for a family member. He asked for more so that must mean he is happy.
305. Nice products that fit the mop well and pick up dust well with the help of a little dust mop spray--especially the terrycloth.  The first order was delivered to the wrong door, and mop heads were stolen from box. Replacement re-order was quick and easy.
306. The manual says that you can change the display to fahrenheit, but no matter what I did it stayed in celsius. I would set it at the hottest setting, and it still wasn't as hot as the Revlon it was replacing that used to heat to 410 (before it died). I liked the lock setting and it was comfortable in your hand, but had to return it due to the heat issue.
307. My family constantly has problems with ear wax build up. It seems like I'm constantly cleaning them. I got this product in hopes of making it a little less scary than scooping it out. It does an okay job.  I think I need to work with it more to figure it out.  Bottle worked as advertised.
308. These were hideous. I tried to pawn them off and no one likes them. It ended up being a food we tricked people to eat as a joke.
309. This used to be my go to bar for breakfast since I have multiple allergies. Easy two boxes a month. My December order has the &#34;new&#34; formula (not stated that it was &#34;improved&#34; in any way) that after one bite gave me major gi distress and made me vomit. I knew by taste there was a nut in it that I could not have and sure enough, it has hazelnut extract in it. I am so bummed.
310. Glad to have something soothing to drink when my IBS flares up. I drink this or bone broth on days where my stomach decides to rebel and the thought of food is revolting.
311. love them
312. There are some good things and less good about this, but the review comes with the caveat that sleep preferences are so individual that it's tough to say how much one's view should hold for someone else. But that said:1) Size:  the footprint is nice. It doesn't take up a lot of space; I'd call it medium size maybe leaning toward small. I've definitely seen many that were bigger, so you don't need a lot of space to use this2) lighting:  I'd prefer a dimmer light personally, thought the breath function and colors are nice. If you have this right near the bed, it's a bit too bright I'd say, but if it's obstructed or you're  not facing it than it isn't bad at all.3) volume:  volume control is good--I'm not sure why you'd want it loud (I guess if you have a lot of street noise), but it can get a decent volume on it4) sounds:  this was the more problematic issue for us. We just didn't find many of the sounds pleasurable or soothing. Some would have soothing parts, but then a loud surge of sound would appear, which would seem to defeat the purpose. We've heard others that were just more tranquil, soothing. some of that can be somewhat ameliorated by the volume control obviously, but still wasn't what we were expecting. There are a good number and variety, but honestly we'd only use 3, possibly 4. On the other hand, if you're looking for "drown-out" sound, you might find that less of an issue5) timer is good and works well. Never understood ones that came without them, so this is a good, I'd say required, touchIt's a useful, solid product, but not quite as all-around useful as its numbers of lightssounds might indicate. At least for us.  No concerns over quality--feels well constructed and responsive
313. I recently broke my left fibula and bought this to be able to put my shoes on and it's one of the best Amazon purchases I ever made. I love how it is adjustable and it works perfectly. Then I twisted my right knee and had to get this back out. Now I keep it on a hook in a designated place because it's that valuable to me now!
314. This pain relief cream from the appropriately named "Dr. Paine" didn't work that well for me. There is a slight menthol scent and the lotion is absorbed quickly without leaving much residue, which is a good thing. However, it seems ineffective for strong back pain. For some reason I associate strong smelling creams with higher potency - since this one is mild, it doesn't seem to have much impact. The positive thing is that you can apply the cream and go out without someone noticing a strong scent. However, I prefer Ben Gay for providing stronger pain relief. This one is just Meh.
315. I have occasional bleeding from my gums thanks to small periodontal pockets between my teeth that, thanks to my dentist, have stopped getting bigger. I ordered this thinking it would be good for emergencies when I accidentally hurt my gum and that it would stop the bleeding.Well, I did have a piece of food stuck in one of the pockets last night and got it out with a pick - however it caused it to bleed. I remembered I had this tube and massaged a little of the gel into the gum area. However, I looked at the tube and there were no precise instructions on what to do once you massage the gum area. Do you leave it on overnight? Do you wait 10 minutes and then brush? All it has is a small picture of the gel being put on the toothbrush. So is it to be used like toothpaste?Confusing, unclear, and my gums cleared up on their own without this "gel". You'd do better to just boil salt water and gargle your gum area. Poor instructions - I will never order this again.
316. This Hatteker Mens Electric Shaver is the perfect travel companion - compact and lightweight, it will fit snugly in any carry-on luggage or a weekend bag. The accessories include a charger and a small cleaning brush. The circular design is really cool and functional for travel. I probably wouldn't use it for everyday home use, mostly because its small size would get lost on my sink counter, but it provides a crisp shave with low noise. It's a fun travel buddy to have around.
317. This is an interesting product - the instructions make it seem complicated because you're supposed to rinse your mouth out with the toothpaste foam first, before adding it to a toothbrush and then brushing. I'm not sure why you need to put it in your mouth twice - there is no explanation for this other than it helps use up the foam faster, which means you'll have to buy a new one before long.I just ignore this step and spray the foam directly onto the brush and then brush. It has a pleasant taste. It did whiten my tea-stained teeth a little.Now, there is no fluoride in this toothpaste, so it doesn't take care of gingivitis or plaque. All it has is baking soda. As a result, I will use this as a supplement to my usual Colgate Total. Overall it's a good product but I can't use it by itself because of the lack of fluoride, which prevents cavities.
318. This is a peanut-shaped, compact massager that seems made for travel. It includes a car charger, so it's clearly meant for taking on a trip. It is not cordless and has to be plugged in. There are only two buttons on the side - one to turn on and off (and add heat), and another to do forward or reverse.PROS*Small and easy to take with you.*It's designed for your back but I found it more effective for your feet - this is a great foot massager!! If you are a big person, this will be too small for you - it's made for people with relatively narrow backs. However, thanks to its small size, it's easy to place on the floor and have it massage your feet.CONS*The heat function works but takes a while to heat it up. This was not mentioned in the instructions.*The mesh is already fraying a little.*There's no storage bag*The elastic strap is too tight for attaching to a chairOverall pleased with it. I have sore feet so it works for me.
319. This set is compact and comes with a bunch of healing crystal stones in an orange box. You get a couple of stones which have been polished into the shape of hearts, which makes it a nice Valentine's Day type of thing. It comes with a stone bracelet and a small "tree" made out of wire and stones.It's decent quality, but then you can't go wrong with stones. The reason I'm giving it a lesser rating is because the box is marked "Thank You" which severely limits its usefulness as a gift. The "thank you" makes it sound like the gift is a customer appreciation gift, thus a freebie or giveaway. I suppose you could also use it to thank someone, but the poor quality printing on the box has a cheesy quality that makes me think it's cheap, and I wouldn't want to gift it to someone like this.However, you could transfer the items into a nicer gift box with better English. So for the items themselves, the quality is decent but the box is meh.
320. I have trouble sleeping and magnesium seems to help. This package of individually packaged doses makes it easy to consume magnesium in a liquid versus tablet or capsule form. It has the potential to be more potent as it gets into your bloodstream more quickly. I also like the taste (a bit sweet).While I appreciate the convenience of having each dose pre-measured for me, the doses come in these small plastic vials. To get out the entire liquid, I found myself biting down on the plastic vial itself as if it were candy (and indeed, these vials remind me of the candy soda pop vials that kids swilled (by biting off the wax top and then drinking the sugary liquid inside). It's kind of wasteful but I can't deny they're convenient.Great for travel but not great for the environment.
321. Average quality roller. The stone is not particularly polished and looks as inexpensive as it is. If you're in the market for a roller that just functions, it's fine. But I can tell it's one of those mass produced products that they sell in flea market stalls around town. Given that you can get nicer ones for the same price, I wouldn't order this again. Sorry but not impressed.
322. Whether you believe in the power of Chakras or not, this black Tourmaline Pyramid is an attractive piece to display on your table. It has the weight and heft of a paperweight, so I don't see any reason why it can't be used as such. It has a lot of sparkly stones on the inside with a crystal wrapped several times over with copper wire. The bottom has a copper wire as well, in a circle. I don't know that much about Chakras, but just looking at this beautiful item makes me feel calmer!
323. I'm never disappointed by this brand, which makes great Gua Sha stones. This pink rose quartz is well packaged and the stone is smooth and polished. It's great for using against your skin and a number of Youtube videos show you how to do it. It's a no-frills package but the quality of the stone makes up for it.
324. This is one of those odd products that were clearly made by some tone-deaf, perhaps mom and pop company in China. I normally don't associate "mom and pop" with Chinese-made products, but the range of quirky sounds that come out of this sound machine have a "homemade" quality that are bizarre, to say the least.This machine boasts supposedly 48 sounds, more than most sound machines. Unfortunately it includes a number of sounds that I have a hard time believing would help me sleep. There is something called ASMR which is the science of producing soothing, repetitive sounds that cause a tingly or comforting sensation in the listener. However, someone seems to have misread the concept, for the "ASMR" section of this machine includes the sound of someone moving furniture around, swallowing and then gurgling water loudly, and munching a bag of potato chips.In addition, there are weird combinations of sounds - instead of a crackling fire, it has a crackling fire while music plays in the background (as if you were inside a restaurant) and the murmuring of people chatting and moving around in a coffee shop. If I wanted sounds like this, I would just keep the TV on all night.To top it off, the "music" function includes lullabies sung in English by a Chinese woman with a thick accent. She sings "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" but her English is so bad it sounds like "Tinkle Tinkle Litto Star." It's followed by her off-key rendition of "You Are My Sunshine" with a breathless voice that reminds me of a bad karaoke session.Then there are the lights, which I could not for the life of me figure out how to control. It has a light on the bottom and a light on the top. It seems almost entirely random which light goes on and off and I had a hard time dimming or turning off either light.The controls require some pressure or strong tapping in order to work, so this would be frustrating for someone used to sensitive controls or an elderly person with limited finger strength.I like the fact that the display shows the temperature and humidity, but there is no clock setting.While it does have the usual quotient of sounds (ocean waves, birds chirping in a forest, etc.), even these sounds lack sharpness and comes across as rough (just like everything else about this machine). Because of the bizarre sounds, however, I wouldn't feel comfortable gifting this to anyone unless I made it clear it was a gag gift.
325. I wasn't impressed with this set - the minute I removed this stainless steel roller from the box, the roller part fell off the rod! This is a stainless steel roller, not a natural jade stone, so it's heavier and the handle appeared unable to support the top-heavy roller. The gua sha silver "stone" was alright, but the roller was obviously not made well if the head broke off upon first use. I used a pair of pliers to fix it, but am not impressed. I think I'll stick with the natural jade stone or rose quartz ones.
326. I really like the quality of these gua sha pink stones from this particular company. It's polished and smooth, and I haven't received a nicked or damaged one yet. It feels great after you've left it overnight in the fridge. Overall I like the presentation and quality very much. Recommended.
327. The best part of this sound machine is that an Alexa-type voice speaks to you as you set the timer: "15 minutes." Press button. "30 Minutes." "60 minutes" etc. It has a soft foreign accent that I can't place but it's cute. Most sound machines don't have a human voice saying anything. I guess it's needed because there are no light buttons to tell you which setting you're choosing.Except for this, I felt this device feels cheaply made. The casing feels cheap (hard, brittle plastic) and the buttons on the interface are not sensitive to touch. You have to press really hard sometimes to get it to change settings. The volume control is also confusing - there are actually two volume controls - one to raise the volume, one to lower. I was pressing one volume control (the loud one) thinking that I could lower it but I was mistaken - you have to press the "low volume" button.On the positive side, the night light works well - the colors are neon bright and you can keep a steady color going all night long OR cycle through the different colors. The timer like I said has a human voice, which is kind of cool. The weak parts are the button responsiveness and some of the sounds. The lullaby function is good and the sound is sharp and clear. The Nature sounds are relatively good - the best are the chirping bird sounds and thunderstorm but the "water" sounds (i.e., ocean, babbling brook) sound muffled and are not particularly sharp. The "white noise" is also kind of indistinct and the "fetal heartbeat" sound is just plain crude - not so much a heartbeat but like someone else noted, it's like banging drums.So...it's a serviceable device but I would not pay too much for this. There are so many better ones out there.
328. This Spotlight toothpaste says it's vegan and claims to rebuild enamel but I showed this to my dentist and she was skeptical. She recommends Sensodyne which has much stronger ingredients to fight tooth decay and eroding enamel. I suspected as much - I didn't like the texture of this toothpaste and though it does have fluoride (thank goodness), I don't feel the same sensation of cleanliness I get with Colgate Total or Sensodyne. It feels very mild and there is no foaming action. There are many obscure toothpastes like these on the market that claim to be "healthier" but I have yet to find any equivalent to what's already working for me. Oh well.
329. Like most stain removers, this one works best on "fresh" stains - for example, if you just spilled wine on your blouse five minutes ago. This remover worked but then, so does seltzer if you apply enough of it. When I tried it on an "old" stain (a pair of jeans that had a spot on it from grease), it didn't do anything. The small bottle is handy for travel, however, so it's good for when you're on the go. Overall it's good for mild stains that just happened and you don't have anything else on hand. For more stubborn stains, I'd use something else.
330. Fractionated Coconut Oil is good for making homemade soaps and beauty products but it's less potent for hair and body care use - I find the formula thinner but the trade off is that it isn't as greasy and you can still use it for moisturizing your hair and skin without that greasy coconut oil feeling (which stains too!). I have both kinds of oil - the real unprocessed kind for massaging into my hair, hands and nails, and this kind, which is versatile but lacks the smell of coconut but is good as a "carrier" oil. Both have their uses and this product is of decent quality - I would just go by price because I don't see any discernible difference between this one and other similarly priced brands of fractionated oil.
331. I'm glad this is organic because this powder is often used in traditional Chinese medicine. Given how polluted China is, I would distrust anything imported from that country but this one is certified USDA Organic, which gives me some peace of mind. You add a scoop to yogurt, smoothies, etc., and it's supposed to boost your immune system and improve chronic conditions like diabetes and hypertension. I don't like the taste but you are taking it for its medicinal properties. Overall it's good quality and best for those suffering from chronic conditions.
332. Originally I thought these bags had a gold circle rather than a star, which is why I ordered them - I thought they might look like Kate Spade bags but I was wrong - they are gold stars which is still pretty attractive. The design is generic enough to be used for all kinds of occasions such as weddings, birthdays, baby showers, etc. It also looks like the type of bag a store might use, so if you own a small business, these would also be good for giving to customers. The bag is reasonably sturdy, like a bag from a boutique, and the handles are decent. Overall these are good quality bags but the price seems a little high - it's too bad it doesn't come with gold colored tissue paper, but if you add them yourself you can make them look luxe.
333. I love the shimmering iridescent look of these small ziploc pouches. They are great for storing earrings, Barbie shoes, little knickknacks, etc., and keeping them organized. Because they are "smell proof" you can even use them to store spices or tea leaves. They are definitely good for flea market sellers who need small pouches for their wares. They are pretty in their own right. Overall I'm pleased with the quality of these versatile pouches.
334. My father has macular degeneration. This vitamin doesn't seem to help that much, but then this supplement is meant as a preventive measure and is less effective once you have a deteriorating condition. Given that most of us are on our computer screens or cell phones for more than 10 hours a day, I notice that I have more floaters when I don't take this vitamin. It's easy to swallow and best taken with food. Over the long term I don't know how effective it is, but taking lutein for your eyes certainly can't hurt. And I'm glad it works on my floaters!
335. These are smaller than the usual cotton balls I've encounter at CVS or Bed Bath or Beyond. You need two for removing nail polish (that's what I use them primarily for). They're OK but because of their small size I'll be using them up faster since I'd need to double up. It says 200 but for practical uses it's more like you're getting 100. Otherwise they're OK for what they are.
336. This sleep mask is one of the most adorable ones I've ever seen. It has a 3D effect because the floppy ears are attached separately to the mask and jut out. It's really cute and would be appreciated by dog lovers as well as fans of the Disney movie. The price is a little high for this type of thing but otherwise it's a fun sleep mask, especially for children. Now if only they made a cat version based on "the Aristocats"
337. I almost wish someone I knew would have a birthday soon just to have an excuse to gift one of these bags! I ordered the "all occasion" bags with balloons and it was much better than pictured - the material is sturdy, better than your typical gift bag found at a 99 cent store and quite attractive. It doesn't say "Happy Birthday" but it seems the holiday best suited for using these bags, though the bag could also be used for promotions, graduation gifts, and anything celebratory. Note that the handles (looking like shoelaces) are packaged separately and you have to insert them by hand into each one. I found this to be a little bit of a pain but I guess it made it easier to ship. Overall I'm happy with it.
338. These are not your typical gift bags - they are sturdy and can stand up to wear and tear. They are not made of paper so they can be re-used - in fact, if you're giving them out, your gift receipent can easily re-use them numerous times, so they are eco-friendly. I love how glittery they are and they come in a variety of colors - silver, gold, rose gold. I love how they look and they are ideal for gifting small items like jewelry. The only thing I didn't like was the gift tags - only one kind is offered, "Thank You." I wish they came with a variety of tags. As it is, they seem made only for "thank you" swag bag-type gifts.
339. I loved the look of these bags - very blingy with three different kinds of glitter - silver, gold, rose gold. They are not made of the usual thin paper and are meant to be re-used, not just thrown away after one use, making them environmentally friendly, which is a plus.The bags are on the small side, however, so they seem best suited for swag bags or intimate gifts of jewelry rather than large birthday or holiday presents. This impression is solidifed by the fact that the bags come with tags saying "Thank You' on them. I wish there had been other tags included as well, like "Seasons Greetings" or "Happy Birthday!" This kind of limits their usefulness but it's easy enough to include your own tag. Overall these are great for gift-giving.
340. These insoles are comfortable to wear and provide an extra cushion between your foot and the sole of your sneaker or boot. I have flat feet due to weak arches so this works for me. However, unlike other arch supports or insoles I've used over the years, these insoles come with no guidelines. I had to trim these to fit my sneakers but there was no helpful dotted lines to show me how to customize them. I have many other insoles that show you exactly how much to trim if you want to whittle down the size to 7, 8, 9, etc. Here there is nothing. Hence three stars for the extra work required for me to figure out how much to cut.
341. This is a small pack of lozenges with a lot of zinc, which is a proven ingredient for speeding one's recovery from flus and colds. The price is somewhat high for the amount you get, but it seems to work. Overall it's ok but I still prefer Airborne, which is a better value.
342. Suede and Nubuck are notoriously hard to clean, and most of the time I take my leather shoes and jackets to the dry cleaners if they get stained or marked up. With this set, I found that I could remove the stains as long as they were relatively fresh - they did not work well for long, seeped in stains. So on that level it works well and saved me some money in terms of my not having to have my shoes professionally cleaned. The brush works well, but again, the fresher the stain, the more easily it can be removed with a kit like this.
343. I can't make up my mind whether these are good for the environment or not. They're meant to be disposable but only after you've used them a number of times. They look like paper towels but are thicker, with some of the durability of a rag. Yet, because they look like paper towels, it's fairly easy to toss them out accidentally after only one use if you forget. I know I did.These are good if you remember not to toss them out after one use - so I suppose they're no worse or better than rags, which you must toss out eventually. At any rate, anything disposable, no matter how many times you re-use it, is not good for the environment. But if you must use something like a paper towel, I suppose you could do worse than these.
344. The stainless steel scouring pads are OK but the yellow and green sponges are the same kind of cheap sponges you'd find in a dollar store - good for light cleaning but liable to fall apart after long usage -they definitely don't have the quality of Scotch 3M sponges, which I prefer. It's convenient, however, to have both these items sold as one set as I normally use both when I'm cleaning pots and pans - the softer one reserved for lighter, easier to remove stains and the more abrasive steel pads for hardened grease or difficult to remove encrusted food remnants.  So both have their use, it's just that one part of the set seems better made and more durable than the other.
345. Most ultra healthy foodstuffs do not taste good. This powder is OK mainly because it blends in with whatever you choose to mix it with, like tofu. It is bland on its own but it's fairly tasty when mixed with something else. I appreciate the fact that it's organic and non-GMO, but this is one of these superfood powders that best benefit those who don't eat enough fruits and vegetables. I do, so I don't feel I'm missing that much by not ingesting something with Noni fruit in it. It's OK but I wouldn't order it again.
346. According to the manufacturer, "Fresh Aid Toothpaste is packed with quality ingredients that target gum diseases like gingivitis and plaque. It prevents tooth decay and gum and tooth pain. It's also the best toothpaste for those with sensitive teeth and gums."This toothpaste has ginger root extract, which I can taste and may partially account for the tingling sensation that stays on after you rinse your mouth out. The toothpaste has a yellowish color and kind of reminds me of lemon filling. It leaves your mouth feeling fairly clean but there is a lightness to this toothpaste that other white and chalky toothpastes (like Crest) don't have.I question whether the lack of fluoride will be effective in the long-term at protecting my recessed gums and preventing plaque from taking hold. I usually use Colgate Total, so only time will tell if this toothpaste will be as effective. I have been brushing it now for only a week, so I will update this review if anything changes. For now, it's an OK toothpaste for those who are concerned with the amount of chemicals in their toothpaste. Because of my gum issues, effectiveness is more of a priority for me, so if you have overall healthy teeth and gums, you may love it.
347. These toothbrush heads are aimed at kids, so the lower quality bristles may not bother a kid who generally has healthy teeth and gums. For an adult with a smaller mouth and wanted these because they seemed to offer more precise brushing, I was disappointed. The bristles are less flexible than the real Sonicare brushes and I could only tolerate brushing with these for a few minutes before giving up and going back to my regular Sonicare. They cost more but the feel is better, whereas the bristles are more rigid and grating on my sensitive teeth and gums.
348. Even though it's coated, I still had a hard time threading this through some of the gaps in my teeth. It was too thick to get through in places, and it shredded. I have very sensitive teeth and gums and only Glide has managed to work for me, so someone else with different sensitivities may like this brand.
349. This is a good multivitamin containing known vitamins that boost your immune system:  it contains Vitamin C, Elderberry, Echinacea, Vitamin E and Turmeric. It's not known how multivitamins like this will prevent infection from coronaviruses, but taking these certainly can't hurt. I generally prefer gummy vitamins but these are easy to swallow. Recommended.
350. I have yet to find a floss that is comfortable as Glide. Sadly, this is yet another one that fails to feel comfortable to use. I managed to get it to work for some of my teeth but it got caught through other gaps that were too narrow. It also started shredding on the first use! Lastly, I don't think the packaging is hygienic - most floss packages have an outer flap or covering but this one allows the floss to exposed to the air even before you open the package. I wanted to toss away the ziploc bag that encased the box, but found that was impossible given that the naked package would get dirty sitting in my bathroom cabinet. Not recommended.
351. This is like a roll-on perfume, only it's infused with essential oils instead. I love the scent of freshly squeezed orange juice, so I adore this scent. It smells fruity but the predominant scent is orange. It feels great putting some of this on after a nice refreshing shower. On the downside, if you use too much you do feel a slight greasy residue on your skin, so I would use it sparingly, like a perfume. But overall I like it.
352. The quality of this particular brand of inserts aren't as good as the other brand of gel insoles I've been using (I forget the name) but it's decent. The padding seems a little less elevated but these will do in a pinch. My sensitive feet love this type of insole because you can use it in any type of shoe, unlike the gigantic insoles that require you to trim it down in order to fit into shoes. I find these convenient and comfortable to wear. Overall I like these, not the highest quality but the price is right.
353. I liked the minty taste of this toothpaste (despite the name, it doesn't taste like charcoal at all) but the black color takes a bit of getting used to.When you spit out the toothpaste, it looks as if you're spitting out mud and if you're wearing something light colored it will stain. The second thing is that the packaging is deceptively larger than the actual product - once I opened the box, I was disappointed to find that each tube is small - no bigger than the size of a "deluxe" sample or travel-sized toothpaste. Good for TSA regulations but stingy if you're wanting to use it at home. So, while it leaves my breath smelling fresh, I'm not sure I'd buy it again, for aesthetic as well as quantity reasons.
354. Not a big fan of these. The cushion isn't that thick and worse, it flattens out over time. The adhesive stuck well but I just don't like the texture of this material. Disappointed.
355. It's hard finding insoles for large feet, so these are great. I replaced the thin insoles that came with my New Balance sneakers and put these instead. The insoles are neither too stiff nor too soft and I don't notice them anymore when I walk or hike - they are that comfortable. Overall I'm satisfied with them. Note that they don't have any cutting guides on the flip side if you want to trim them, so that would be my only critique about these.
356. I don't like the coconut milk in my coffee or tea, but I use this whenever "light coconut milk" is mentioned in a recipe. This is a good alterative to buying cans of coconut milk, which I use up easily - this 8 oz resealable packet will last me a long time. While the canned milk is undeniably thicker and creamier, adding warm water to this powdered version still yields enough rich coconut flavor to be satisfactory for my Thai dishes. I add a spoonful of red or green curry to a frying pan, add in the prepared light coconut milk, add some ginger, lemongrass, etc.,, and I have a delicious curry sauce. It's also non-GMO and vegan, which is great. I wish I'd known about this product earlier, I would have stopped having to buy cans all the time.
357. The photos in the description look a little confusing, as you may think you're getting a red and blue hot water bottle. Actually you get only one - the red part is the inside of the bottle, while the cover is blue and decorated with stars.The rubber bottle is thick and feels solid and durable. My hot water stayed hot for hours. It's great for soothing an aching bottom or bad back. It didn't leak and it kept sleeping contentedly for hours. Overall it's a nice piece, I just wish the photos showed just one bottle and a cross section, as that would have been less deceptive.
358. I don't know why the description says there's four - I received a three-pack of reading glasses with a prescription of +1.50 in the colors of blue, red, and brown. All of them are in the wayfarer style with half of the stems being a see-through plastic, which is a cool stylistic touch. Each pair of glasses comes with a matching foam case which makes it easy to identify which is which. The lenses are on the thin side but so far they seem durable. I like the fact that there are three so that if I lose one I can use the other two as backups.
359. These are made for the Dallas Cowboy fan, but the star logo is a pretty design for a ziploc bag even if you're not a fan. Ziploc bags are so versatile - I use these to take snacks to work, for freezing leftovers and as a disposable "shake and bake" bag (just fill one with breadcrumbs and dump your egg-soaked pork chop or chicken leg, shake, then put the meat in the oven). Each bag is easy to seal and it's hard to tear - the bags are neither too thick nor too thin, which makes them ideal for storing food items. Overall I'm happy with it.
360. My elderly father has prostrate problems. Since he doesn't like pumpkin or eat pumpkin seeds outside of a Halloween or maybe Thanksgiving celebration, this bottle of Pumpkin Seed Oil vitamins seems like a good and easy way to get the benefits of this vegetable into his daily diet. I've bought Nature's bounty before and while I'm not sure this product is organic, I think this is a reputable brand.Since Dad starting taking this two weeks ago, he has noticed a decrease in his need to go to the bathroom.  He is very happy this product exists.
361. Pleasant peppermint scent that really works. Seems like a great company to work with for natural products.
362. These fit my son's toothbrush perfectly and they work just like the ones that came with it.
363. This works as intended but it just cannot compare to the ones that have a bigger pouch for the feeding tube. Honestly this is just now the back up one. It washed ok but even in the small garment bag and on delicate it has started to fray.
364. Works great on unwanted dark air etc. This one is a large size jar. Fantastic seller. It is a nice mild formula. I have light sensitive skin. With this product I have never had any issues.
365. Ad said buy 3 get one free...I did not get one free after buying 3!  :Unhappy Customer!
366. Definitely worth it. You get more than you'll use in a life time. Unlike every other brand I've tried, the don't dent after just a couple weeks. It takes about 2 months before you need to change them because they're made of such a strong and resistant material. Their also not too small, so you can be sure you lashes won't get caught between these Replacement Pads and the metal of your actual curler.
367. You now, there’s no getting around it. A half hour’s worth of basic research on the internet will prove that EM fields have minimal, if any, effect on human’s health. However, if the conspiratorial side of you is dead set on protecting itself from the evils that are WiFi signals, Microwave emissions, etc, then this is the product for you.All judgement aside, I have to say that shortly after applying the product to the underbelly of my laptop, I began noticing extreme lagging on my PC. I’m talking snails here!Does the product work? Well it shot my PC to heck so I’m assuming, yes. And if that’s what you’re going for, than five star!As for me, I’m peeling it off now.I hate to be totally negative so here are a few positive aspects of the product.- Light-weight- Peals easily- Doesn’t smell of glue what-so-ever- Easy to cut and mold to your preferred shape- Actuallylikely does what it says it does (can be a neg or poss).Please see my YouTube Video Review for a demo and more.Disclaimer: Free for review.
368. The band is fantastic! The material is a sort of malleable leather--I'm not sure if its real or not but it is strong like real leather.The purchase yields three difference colors:- Brown,- Black,- Light Brown,all of which come in a small package, wrapped around a piece of sturdy cardboard.All around, super product!Disclaimer: Free for review.
369. In my personal experience, the product is pretty great! It works best when used along with the many other product Natural Products Inc offers (see my review on their  Glycolic Facial Cleanser here: honestassortedreviews.tumblr.compost147373883057glycolic-facial-cleanser-review)The toner does as it says and works much like expected. I have no beef with this product; overall, great quality, comes in great quantity, awesome packaging, superb overall.Disclaimer: Free for review.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dear Seller,Amazon's system is glitching and so I haven't been able to upload this review on the proper page. I will move this review there as soon as Amazon gets it's act together but for now, it has been added to my review on your other product found here:https:www.amazon.comreviewRXJ8WVIYP1WVref=cm_cr_rdp_permI'm very sorry for this whole mess, I'm sure it will be resolved soon. As soon as it is, I will more the review to its proper place.The following review is for the Dual Phase Mattifying Toner:MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE:I’ve been reviewing Insta Natural’s for a while now–everything from their cleansers to their toners–and I’ve come to really appreciate one thing about this business; there are never really any unnecessary additives to their products and, generally, their stuff’s made up of ingredients that are already known to have healing and soothing properties.The water feels just so, like water. However, with lavander, cucumber, sage, and calendula extracts, it also has a soothing feel and you just know its great for the skin.MAJOR TIP: Try to not apply the product to open cuts, pores, or scars on the face. It does have a mild–very mild–sting, but that may bother some more than others.Disclaimer Free for review.
370. Theses pills work very well to help with my inflammation.I did have an issue when I opened the package, some got on my quartz countertop and it seemed like it was going to stain it, but since it was quartz I was able to remove it. Had the countertop been granite, it might have stained it!I have also noticed that my urine is more yellow after taking these than any other turmeric pills.Pills are easy to swallow without any after taste.
371. This toilet paper is great for a gag gift but that’s it.It’s not actually practice.The tp is thin and rough.The design crosses over the squares so after the first square is used, it doesn’t make as much sense.I wish the TP was actually useful so it wasn’t such a wasteful gift.
372. I bought this for my niece that just turned 12. She's been having some acne on her face, as well as almost everyone else her age. She especially had a cluster between her eyebrows and in her temples as well as on her nose.She has been using this for about a week now and it has already made a considerable difference. She has her first dance in a couple of weeks, and I suspect that she will be cleared up for the dance!She says she has quickly discovered what ends work best for what zones on her face, switching to a different one for different locations to reach and strength.
373. This curler is best for people with thin hair.Unlike other curlers I’ve used, this one doesn’t stop spinning as soon as I let go of button.This can cause my hair to get stuck into the wand when I don’t want it to.This wand is supposed to get up to 428F.I have another wand that gets up to 430F and it seems like it’s much hotter and does a better job at holding the curl in my thick hair.
374. The red isn’t a true red like I was hoping it would be.Besides that - this is a great set of polish.The nail polish all dries quickly under a UV Lamp.The other nail polish colors are as expected.
375. This came with zero instructions. And with some pads that can go around the straps, but I have looked through all of the product images online and couldn't find where to put the pads. The product dug into my armpits, so maybe I should just put it where it's digging in? But some clarification would be nice. It was easy to put on. I could tell a difference when I took it off after wearing it all day. But I don't know how often I should wear it and for how long I should be wearing it at a time and when I can expect results. I answered a lot of questions about, what are you wearing, but I think I could wear this under a blazer and be able to wear it to work all day long. Once I figure out the pads and get it to stop digging into my armpits, I just might be able to do that when the weather cools off so I could stand wearing a blazer. For a first-time posture corrector wearer, instructions would have been really helpful, especially since there are "extra parts".** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I have provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
376. I would love to give this higher stars but my body says 1.This powder has messed my with GI Tract and I spend more time in the bathroom because of it.Even at a half dose I have issues.Beyond that - the flavor is very sweet but not bad.When mixing with a blender bottle it takes awhile longer than I would expect but does eventually all get blended together.When drinking it feels a little thick but not bad.As far as results go.With a half dose my body felt more hydrated but not energized. My head actually felt fuzzy - it was harder to concentrate.With a full dose and a heavy exercise- my results were slightly better as far as my workout stats on my Apple Watch but not by much - not like the type of results I see when using a preworkout.My muscles didn’t seem to feel more hydratedI got this package in March 2020 and it doesn’t expire until 2022 so it lasts awhile.** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I've provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
377. This is a great eye mask.I thought that the ear muffs did a good job at cutting out the noise while I was sleeping. It wasn’t loud noise - just the sound of my humidifier in my bedroom.My problem with these is that I’m a side sleeper. I felt like the donut smashed my ear.I don’t have the largest ears.I think with some adjusting these could be more comfortable.The outside of the ear muffs are a very soft silicone which I like.I like how these didn’t move around or fall off while I was sleeping.I think I will keep these for my travel eye mask for when I’m on an airplane or train.It will be nice to be able to not have to worry about messing with the small ear plugs in those places.The eye mask does a good job at keeping it black and it’s very comfortable.
378. I’ve had Moringa tea before.It’s been in the leaf form and in a sachet with an herbal tea.It tasted great and I wanted to reproduce at home.This Moring - as it’s listed - is in a powder form. It’s a very fine powder.I was hoping to be able to add it to my tea and just stir it in.I was able to get some Moringa powder to dissolve into my tea - but not all.This powder is fresh and adds an earthy taste when used.The bag has 100gms. It’s recommended to use 5gms a day.  I figured out that there is about 5gms in 1 tsp. I wish this contained a scoop in the bag so I wouldn’t have needed to figure it out on my own.This Moringa powder would taste good and mix well in a smoothie. I think it would taste  good especially in a green smoothie - the Moringa would compliment the taste of spinach andor kale.I received this powder 122019, it was manufactured 102019 and it doesn’t expire until 092021.Be careful when closing the resealable bag - the powder is very thin and can get in the zip closure making it difficult to make a full seal.
379. Finally - compression socks that don’t look medical!!These socks are great.I have size 8.5 feet so I am between sizes.I got the ML size and I think I could have gone with the SM size and they would have fit as well.The ML size fit me well but aren’t as compressing as they would be if I’d gone with SM.These socks come up to right below my knee. They don’t slide down.The foot area is roomy and not tight - which I appreciate.The pattern is adorable. The hearts do fade out as they get stretched.
380. I got the number 2.It didn’t come with a tube to inflate it as some of the other balloons that are this style do.Deflated it measures around 43 inches tall.I used a common straw to inflate.My mouth it took me about 2 minutes to inflate. I was worried I popped it. But it was just settling in and was full shortly after.Inflated my 2 measured only about 33” tall. For this reason I deducted one star as the listing was for a 40” balloon.The pink color is really pretty.There are two loops on the top and bottom to hang this balloon.To manually deflate the balloon simply slide in a straw and move the air into the direction of the straw. The air will move out of the balloon through the straw. It took me around 5 minutes to deflate the balloon.The air coming out of the balloon smells like nail polish.
381. These are classic Ziploc gallon size bags with a nice slider closing. They are durable & hold a lot. A great find on Amazon for a loved one’s favorite NFL team! Fabulous price to pay for an unexpected special gift to receive in the mail! I definitely recommend!
382. I work in an office that has very loud air handlers. These ear plugs are very comfortable for extended use and do allow you to have conversations while quieting the background noise. They do however make it hard to tell how loud you are talking and I generally take them out to talk to someone. Overall very satisfied.
383. I'm not happy at all with the 'cheap' quality of this product.  And now I have to buy the 'real' oral-b 'good' stuff.  So, by trying to save a buck and buy the 'brand x', I managed to spend twice the money and buy both brands.  I could not send them back after I used a couple.  Don't buy these.  I know it made me sad.
384. Beautiful, true cobalt blue bottles!! I tried to change the roller to a metal one, but it wouldn't roll. Changed out the complete plastic hub and used the metal ball and it worked great! Love these!!
385. No better than drugstore hot water bottle.
386. I love tangy tangerine. It has all the vitamins you will need. Good product.
387. I think they are smaller than average deodorant tubes and the lids are a little loose, but they work well.
388. This is a very nice, modern scale.  It take 4 AAA batteries and were easily installed in the scale.  This is a very nice scale and it looks great in my bathroom.  Love the glass.  Seems to be accurate when it comes to weighing on it.  Overall I am very satisfied with this scale.  It has met my expectations and does not look cheap.I received this scale for free for testing and reviewing purposes.  This is my honest unbiased opinion and have come to this conclusion by using the scale myself.
389. Very nice and super absorbent microfiber towel.  I see most people take this with them to the gym but where I come from we use the land and we sweat alot!  so this comes in handy to help wipe that sweat away.  I love the design of it being a long rectangle with a hook.  There are several uses for that hook.  you could hang it up, or wrap around your neck for a scarf.  or in some rare cases attach to your belt and shove some in your pant pocket and leave some hanging out.  Works well and the towel is super absorbent.  There is a triangle pocket to hold keys, or a wallet. If you are using this for actual work you know the pocket won't get used.  However it is nice that you have the option.  Laundering:  I just laundered like any normal microfiber towel.  Cold water NO fabric softener and dried in the dryer.  It all came out looking like it did when I put it in there.  Stitching is wonderful I found no flaws and it held up in the wash.I do not have anything negative to say about this towel.I received this towel for free to write an honest unbiased review.  This is my own personal opinion for this towel and have come to the conclusion by using the product myself.
390. I purchased this Yasi Travel toothbrush model YS964 in the hopes it would be an equal to my current sonic toothbrush. Opening the box I found a sonic toothbrush, usb charging cord, two brush heads, instructions, warranty card and an offer for two free brush heads. Charging was simple, just plug in to any usb charging device, plug the other end into the toothbrush and charging is completed in several hours. The three bar charging indicator let me know when it had a full charge. There are five modes of brushing: clean, sensitive, white, gum care and massage. Each has a different type of sonic rhythm and are fun to use. A full charge lasted well over two weeks. Each use of the Yasi toothbrush left my mouth, teeth and gums clean and invigorated. I really like the built-in timer with a momentary pause at 30, 60 and 90 seconds. The toothbrush stops after the recommended 2 minute brushing period.Overall, the Yasi YS964 toothbrush far exceeds my expectations and is much better than my previous sonic toothbrush. The quality is great, the product works better than expected and the price is fantastic. I will purchase Yasi products in the future.
391. I am from the olden days, my family always having Campho-Phenique on hand for every kind of injury. It is still prepared as it has been for decades, the formula not changing, which makes it all the more successful. To me, it brings comfort, having this product on the shelf, always ready to handle those sores, pain and little 'hurts.&#34;
392. There is no research to suggest that cordyceps mycelium is medicinal. All the research is on the fruiting body or what most people actually think of as the mushroom.
393. It dissolves do nicely compared to other kava kava powders. I find that at a dose of 12 tsp, it is very mild (again, milder than some other kava powders I've used), and creates a nice calm feeling. Good product. Good company.
394. I like the bulk concept, and so far the product seems comparable to past products I've used that cost more. So, I'm sold :-)
395. This is thing is huge, folks. I used if for the first time this morning. My arthritic, stiff hands was able to extract the morning meds without fumbling.The boxes  fit just tightly enough to not slide out on their own, but are easy to slide out. I think that it will be able to stand the drop test, without meds spilling out. The lids have slight detents to stop at each pill compartment. Just turn the meds out on a handkerchief (old folks know what this is ) or other piece of cloth and you can double check the meds before taking them. This is a lot larger than I need, but the size is important for ease of handling. The markings are clear and sharp, but will soon wear off, but no a big concern. I got the Oveo large for my off-times meds, it is a lot smaller and may be better for most users, especially if you want to use it traveling. If you needed this size pill box for traveling, it would take up a lot of room in a suitcase, but the boxes won't scatter. If you remove a tray to carry with you, it is just too big for a pocket (sorry guys) but perfect for a ladies purse.
396. I really like these.  In just a day you notice a change in your appetite.  But you don't get that caffeine high like some other products.  My energy level has also picked-up.  Great product.
397. Not much to say other than these were the size and color I needed
398. Hibiclens is a very thin liquid and this pump has a strong pumping action.  The hibiclens tends to go everywhere, and it disperses too large of an amount.  Not sure if I will continue to use this.  I have found luck using a foaming dispenser with this.  Helps to keep it from getting everywhere.
399. Bought this for the bathroom that houses the cat litter box. Works awesome and we don’t even notice the smell of the litter box.
400. Great product!  Kept the tattoo crisp and dark
401. Very comfortable
402. Perfect! Just as described!
403. Got for my DIL and she loved it!!
404. Great for travel, everyday use of medicationsWell made easy to use.
405. Scrubbed all 3 calcium-ringed toilets clean today. The stone is about 16 eroded after 3 toilets, so for me one stone would clean up to 18 times (or more if I don't wait until the calcium rings are so very crusty).  I kept the stone wet but not under water as I scrubbed.  Very satisfied.
406. I would give this six stars if I could. I use it every month following my period. It relieves any irritation and just feels great. I also suffer from recurring candida, and this stuff helps with the symptoms. I would recommend using an applicator, as it can get a bit sticky, or wet it well with water before inserting. It is a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.My mother suffers from recurring UTIs, and this helps her greatly.It is truly a miracle product.
407. This suction cup really sticks!!!  It is very strong and holds the shower so I can sit and wash my hair.
408. I bought this and the bracelet, and cannot say if either worked.  Neither is washer and dryer safe and the light grey gets dirty very easily.  So it sits on the bathroom counter. I felt no difference with or without it.
409. I have not used this long enough to say that it is exceptional or that it has made an improvement. I like that the Krill Oil is in caps that don't leak (the fact the Krill Oil is actually a powder helps with this).  The bottles I received are in good shape (not bowed on the bottom).  I like how very easy it is to open the bottles.  The only problem I've had was when I took the pills the first day.  I had a hard time swallowing them, but I believe that is because I had put them with all my other supplements and it was just too much to try and swallow at one time because the second day, I took them separately from the other supplements and this worked much better.  Time will tell as to how they will work in my body, but I will come back later and give another review.
410. Great deal on the 4 pack... considering buying 4 separate cases is typically $25 more.  Arrives fast!
411. I use these to take the pressure off of my shoulders.  I had gotten a pair at a fabric shop and needed a replacement.  I was disappointed in these and ended up going to the shop where I had gotten the others and getting a replacement pair.  These are thinner that the ones I like and did not provide the support that I needed.
412. I have used these in the past and like them very much for buffing the ends of my nails that are currently having a tendency to chip.  For the price these work very well and I would recommend them.
413. Too gummy for my taste. I love the crunchy Zone bars like the fudge graham.
414. Cane is very stable and strong. It is worth the price.
415. Love these for my little trash cans throughout my house. Makes for easy changing. They are thin, but that is ok for the purpose they serve.
416. I can't wait till wear these after Halloween. Hoping it'll bring some cheer.
417. Seriously these are major horsepills. While I suppose it is just a single pill daily dose they are large. Won't be buying again for this reason.
418. This is what they use in my eye doctors office.  Good enough for them….then it’s good enough for me!
419. Color is good,  stays secure in pocket.  That's all that matters
420. It was ok, but not great..
421. Mediocre. Sally’s has stronger files will stick to those
422. Worked as expected
423. great flash lite with a very strong beam that shines a long distance
424. Works great, exactly what I was looking for. Easy to put together too!
425. The earrings and rings I received today were absolutely &#34;horrible&#34;! The earrings are the size of a bracelet and the quality is horrific made of the worst materials. The rings were cheap and very gaudy my grandmothers rings are better than this! I just requested a return! Oh God help me what a mistake!
426. This product worked great. I would highly recommend.
427. Great Product!!!
428. Quick and sweet... I love my purchase and will be back. Thank you.
429. Temple arms too short; nose piece fell off 2nd day.I got what I paid for...
430. These are very substantial and hold the shoes on securely. I use them for dancing in heels.
431. I needed a strong pill splitter for tablets. This works well.
432. Love this stuff! It takes a really good stir once you first open it up but is so tasty and love the added protein!
433. If you are looking for both a great maintenance wash while including nano ceramic protection, look no further. Excellent cleaning power and will leave your paint glossy and fresh.As the instructions say, do not let it dry on the surface and be quick to either washrinse off per instructions. This is definitely my go-to wash, and it’s quite concentrated so you can mix down as a detailer as well. Great product.
434. works for me!
435. After not finding a cure for waking up every night at 3AM (not 2:59, or 3:01) and finding that Ambien was actually not suited for me I sought the help of an alternative medical doctor (has all the sheepskin of an official practitioner but leans heavily on homeopathic and 'new age' medicine I HIGHLY recommend this type of medicine esp if you are menopausal and your Doc wants to prescribe synthetic meds)He told me to google the Chinese Medicine wheel and at or around 3AM I would find whatmy ailment was.  It was an issue with my liver.  He had me use Hepa Trope, take one twice a day.  After 2 days of Hepa Trope I slept through the night.  No ambien hangover or eyes popping open at 3AM.  I am on my 2nd bottle and still take it almost everyday.He sells this in his office, but he is 45 minutes from me, plus the Amazon price is a bit friendlier and arrives in a couple of days.
436. maybe it's just me but this makes a thick layer on the nails. In one respect it's good because I don't have to soak it off. Instead it peals off in one piece and doesn't last more than a day or two BUT since I'm not paying 60.00 a pop to do my own nails I can't really complain. You get what you pay for.
437. Great for travel
438. i can't imagine putting this in my eyes, even if it was diluted. Felt like pure cayenne pepper in my mouth
439. Just received this and so far love it! It had a charge, but I charged it overnight in my phone charger and used every accessory the next day. It still had plenty of power left 15-20min. of playing around with it. No pain with any and the facial hair remover worked great (no redness or hair seen 2 days later). I’m 53, dark haired with light complexion. The nose trimmer piece came apart when I went to put it on and it was tricky putting it back together, but I eventually got it. Not my favorite to use, but it works! Not sure about the eyebrow trimmer but I didn’t buy it for that. I didn’t try the body shaver as I had shaved my legs & underarms that day. So far I am very happy with this purchase and feel it’s a great buy overall! Would definitely recommend
440. They are cute, but made cheaply! The design of the stand & item really do not work.
441. This hemp oil tasted and smelled like cooking oil.  I spit it out immediately.  Thirty minutes later my throat was numb.  I purchased it based on over 1,000 5 star reviews.  NO.  The reviews were for a cherry coke product.  As were all the questions!I contacted amazon via chat since this product is non-returnable.  Got a refund and they promised to contact tech support and have the false questions and reviews removed.
442. We use Magic Erasers to clean so many things!  Have been using them for years and will continue to do so.
443. Great price for 12 of these.  However, you will need one each time you do a manicure.  These do not hold up to vigorous buffing and filing.  I tried to use one of these a second time, and it left black &#34;scuff&#34; marks on my nails.  That being said, the price is cheap enough that I can throw them away after each use, and simply order more when these run out.
444. If you need noise cancellation don't waste money in this. The silicone plugs... well. you can hear the same having them on or not, How it is even possible??? It doesn't matter the shapes, colors, nada. Having this things in the ear canal is like having earwax, BUT you can still hear with this ones inside.The waxy stuff... Almost the same as the regular foamy ones.I will keep trying to find some noise cancellation earplugs...
445. I revealed a family cruise using these lotto tickets. They came quickly in the mail and looked great. So much fun!
446. These are great q-tip swabs. My toddler really disliked getting his ears cleaned but these make it a much more tolerable experience. He's even wanting to do it himself now and I can let him knowing it's safe he can't push it in too far.
447. I usually check my blood pressure whenever I'm at a pharmacy or location with the little sit down booth. I got this so I could monitor my bp at home to get an idea of my readings to keep better track. It is easy to use, fits my &#34;larger&#34; arm with no issues. It has really great memory settings for 2 people. Very comfortable and my readings are very consistent.
448. This sign was glittery black, it was beautiful.  You do have to assemble it so do it ahead of time NOT at the venue.  It has a red plastic "needle" to help you  thread the string through.  It was pretty, simple and I really liked it.
449. Only use 2 tubes but works well.
450. NOTE (Found a great use for this, when you need to wash your pets, or kids i suppose, its great for when you need to kneel at the tub, this was great for my knees.)Still using it today. It is really durable. I don't honestly think however that its so much better then anything out there that I would say its the best. I have noticed however that my legs, where they contact the cushion, go numb from time to time. Maybe its the raised height that is causing the pressure on my legs, but its good enough, I bought 2, one for me and one for the misses, for use at our desks. If this product goes bad, I wont buy another one however, the costs isn't so great that I want to go screaming its name from the mountain tops. It is thick and comfortable however, so a few good n bads.
451. It’s a great invention and I hope it lasts.
452. never noticed anything different good or bad..
453. So this smells like watermelon and it smells wonderful. A little goes a long way because it is a little strong but it smells delicious
454. Very easy to use and shipped really quickly!  We’ve only had them for a few days, but they work perfectly.
455. Soft, comfortable, and stays warm when heated.  Highly recommended!
456. I buy these because I like that I could just dispose and they are not plastic or styrofoam but they are expensive
457. Suggested by ND for temporary one-time episode of skin inflammation.  Worked OK.
458. Worked great the first 2 times and now it’s dull and doesn’t really work. Waste of money
459. This is the 2nd one I've bought. I purchased this because it was dual voltage and we were headed to Ireland. I used it at home and I really liked the hot brush but the flat iron not so much....the plates don't touch. When I used it in Ireland the digital temp display got really hot, burned out and stopped working. I was about to throw it out and tried one more time to use it and the brush got hot but no digital temp display. I used it for the rest of our trip but when we got home it wouldn't turn on. :( So I ordered another because it really does cut down on my styling time. People mention the problem with the button placement but you can lock the temp by double clicking the offon button a couple of times once it reaches the temp you want!
460. It should have had the flat back but everything else was great
461. The bristles are a little soft, but these are awesome and work well!
462.  This corrector is very adjustable and extremely comfortable compared to others I have used. Most will cut into my armpits but this is verybsoft stretchy material with an ergonomically design so it fits very well! I use it for a little every couple days and it seems to have helped a bit with my back pain.
463. Very helpful
464. These are so stiff that it takes a lot of pressure to plunge the syringe. Instead I end up losing some of the meds before my dogs and cats get their full doses. Not great when youre trying to administer meds while holding a squirmy angry pet. Plus they are literally single use. They get stuck after 1 use and cannot be used again.
465. After I figured out how to take out the center shaving head, it became a 5 star.
466. When I first ordered this product I ordered to replace my plastic containers and harsh chemical products. I expected it would come with unique characteristics because I was used to those harsh chemicals and there were a few. Yes, at first I found it slightly thick but I found that I could add a very small amount of water and that was no longer a problem, while it was still just as effective at cleaning. At first, the smell was very natural and fresh but didn’t hang around all day like my Pinesol. But then I realized I also didn’t get a headache from cleaning.It’s s gentle on all my surfaces but breaks up all of the tough areas. Like the dried on sticky food debris in the kitchen where my kids ‘didn’t notice’ their spills, Or the soap scum in the bathtub. And the scent really was fresh, I stopped missing the chemical smell.It’s a great product. I much prefer it to my past chemical products, and I feel good about using it because I not piling up large amounts of plastic bottles (I clean A LOT)
467. The bulb gives light which is not as yellowish as standard soft white bulbs, improving the readability of written text. The bulbs themselves are very compact, slightly shorter than a standand incandescent bulb. Turn on time is less than half a second.The two bulbs come in a container made of thin cardboard that offers little protection. Both the original shipment and the replacement shipment each had a broken bulb. The bulbs do contain small amounts of mercury which is toxic. They probably should be  ordered separately so as to lessen the chance of them being damaged by other items in the shipment and prevent mercury contamination of the other items.
468. Let me start off by saying that Aneros doesn't make butt plugs....these are very well engineered prostate stimulators .....and are a great way to get started
469. This smells SO good. I use it for shaving and it’s such a great value. It doesn’t leave a residue like a lot of the lower end baby oils and it’s a pretty large bottle.
470. This product is amazing!! We moved into a home that has some funky smells going on in it. I opened this up in the bedroom, and since then I haven’t smelled anything bad on my whole upper floor! Every now and again I catch a clean scent, but for the most part it just smells like nothing. The absence of an odor, which is just what I was hoping for!
471. Love the quality, the quick delivery, the professionalism and just over all great purchase.
472. This works
473. Bright colors on black background on a good sized poster.  Colors pop!  Only complaint would be that I wish was more detailed.  The 6" x 4" book cover to accompany the poster has more detail, just harder to see.  For a beginner is perfect.
474. I've bought so many things that turned out to be junk, a disappointment. But my eyes are failing and it's difficult to find a 3. much less a 3.5. When I saw this pack of four I decided what could I lose at that price? They of course, are a little heavy on my face, but they are glass so wont scratch as badly as the lighter plastic ones. They were a little wide on my face, so I gently bent them in and now they fit great. As heavy as a 3.5 is when I bend over they stay tight and don't slip. I think they are wonderful as they are glass and won't scratch as badly as the other plastic ones I have, and seem clearer too right off. They are adjustable, I carefully bent them inward so they fit my face better and they did not break. I think I will order another set. I am terrible to leave my glasses around everywhere, and then &#34;where did I leave my glasses?&#34; is the question. I am giving all my others to the Salvation Army or friends if they want them. I am thrilled to find these because of the 3.5, the look, for the price they are good value, everything. They came very quickly too and well packed. I highly recommend these glasses.
475. I read in a health-letter that White Peony root is good for autoimmune diseases and has been used in the orient for centuries. I have a German Shepherd diagnoseod with &quot;Pannis&quot; which is a disease where the body turns against the eyes and the dog will go blind. The vet has me giving his steroid drops and some other drops and they were slowing it down. But it is a disease that has to be controlled and will never &quot;be cured or go away...&quot; I started him on another way more expensive brand, and when I took him hack to the vet for his check up she (they, the group) couldn't belive how he had actually IMPROVED! Apparantly Pannis never really regresses like that.  But it did. They (and I were happy).....I started taking it for my artritis (I am 67 and my hands are very bad)...I think it has helped my arthritis too. It is really for people but I started all this originally for my poor dog. I found this brand cheaper and switched to it. Service is great. Comes by return mail almost. My dog goes for a check up soon so I don't know if Swanson's White Peony will be as effective as the other but it seems to be helping my hands just as much. I think it a great product and the service is fantastic. You know how Chocolate is wonderful for humans but BAD for dogs? Well I worried something for humans might hurt my dog but thought I would have to take the risk because removing his eyes, and being blind would be a hard life though I would take care of him and he is healthy otherwise. So, I held my breath and started him on it over a year ago and there are no ill effects my vet or I can see or tell. As a matter of fact my vet and all in that group have said I should keep it up because it seems to be helping. There was another fellow I heard from that read my review before and had a dog with a horrible auto immune disease of the skin and because I had taken the risk he took it with his dog and he thought his dog might be improving too. I hope so. I haven't heard back from him. But I highly recommend this product. I think Swanson's has helped ME and I will soon know it my dog is still improving. His eyes do seem clearer. The service is fast too.  I wish everyone luck with whatever they try it for.
476. Great service, came quickly.  Have not used it long enough to tell if it is going to help but would use the sellers again if it does. A little pricey but if it works, worth it.
477. I found Method Foaming Body Wash 2 years ago when I broke my wrist. I had to use a plastic sleeve to shower and it was difficult to handle a bar of soap and washcloth with the other hand. I read a suggestion about body wash and I found this in the grocery market. The one I found was the green one and I really loved it.  I can't find it anywhere now but found this orange one here on Amazon. The green was sold out but the orange was available. I was happy to grab a couple of them because I don't know if or when I'll see them again. It's really nice stuff.
478. I used to give out Homemade candy for my Auxiliary ladies they were a hit
479. Burns my fingers and hard to use,
480. I'd love to find the long-handle ones Ike like I used to have but if you've ever tried any like this, you're flossing the hard way.
481. Description was worded unclear. Product is of good quality and I’m assuming if I was pregnant would be helpful but for my situation was not applicable.
482. I really love the light, clean smell of this cleaner.
483. really works!
484. I looked endlessly for brushes that had a cleaning tip, particularly one that worked well. This is the answer!  The cotton-lime top gets everything clean!  Love these brushes!
485. POOR CONSTRUCTION!  I HAVE 3 OTHER GRABBERS (DIFFERENT MAKES) AND THIS IS THE FIRST ONE I SHALL CALL CRAP.NOT STURDY.  tHE  FOLD IN CENTER OF LENGTH,  DOES NOT HOLD WELL;  LETS IT WEAVE & WOBBLE.  :-(tOO MUCH TROUBLE TO RETURN.GRABBERS ARE REQUIRED IN MY LIFE SINCE SPINAL  FUSION FROM T4 (NECK)  TO PELVIS.
486. In my opinion serves the purpose as well as $150 name brand.
487. It was a perfect fit for my oximeter
488. I love this product! Just received a package of four jars yesterday. Two of the jars were cracked and filled the box with syrup, which also leaked all over my floors and counters. It was a horrendous mess; took 30 minutes to clean up and the floor are still sticky. Obviously, I can't return the two broken jars. They should be replaced (again, proof submitted by photo) and a further accommodation made for the horrendous mess and all the trouble. But again, this is my favorite Yacon and would like to keep buying.
489. I used it once, didn't seem to do much.
490. best files in the marketplace
491. Been using A Berger Lamp since 1989 and love them.. beautiful scents. beautiful containers (Lampes)..
492. Great product! I needed it for Halloween and definitely didn’t need this much, but for the price, I’d buy it again!
493. Love the ease of these
494. Very true to Black cherry scent and VERY strong, so use very little!
495. I have sprayed my patio every day and the stray cat still comes and lays on it waiting for birds at my bird feeder.  Waste of Money.
496. I disliked because the bristles were so short it couldn’t clean the teeth
497. Good solution and inexpensive
498. Really impressed with the quality, especially for the price. My husband is very pleased with them; just what he needed.
499. SVelcro strap is a bit  of a hassle to  use as its too long, but I guess this does what it says
500. All as expected.
501. Some reviews said the sleeve was open ended on both ends. The one that shipped was only open on one end. That makes it hard to dry after cleaning. I have to make sure to rinse it well after cleaning and then air dry it on a wire rack (like the top rack of the dishwasher). As with any personal product be sure to use approved cleaners and antimicrobials. Other than that, it's a great product for these Covid times. As for realism, it's a bit more "enhanced" texture wise, for some really good sessions.
502. I need them for the shower as I get ear infections easily. These are so comfy, you won't even know they're in. Easy in and out and fit perfectly.
503. There a few issues to challenge in terms of this product being for someone born in the 1950s (The Rubix Cube did not come out until decades later). Still, the concept is fun. I can think of many other inexpensive 50s nostalgic items that could have be included.
504. So glad I found this and the price was great! Very happy 😄
505. I found this so hard for me to use maybe once I get use to it. It is hard to get my hair into the chamber and hard to let my hair out.
506. I bought this for my great niece for the next time she stays overnight with me.  We haven't opened this yet, but looks like it was described.
507. I got a free sample of the Dragonfruit flavor. It tastes like how a Band-Aid smells. I can't think of how else to describe it. I didn't realize it was a healthy drink when I popped the can open and just thought it was another brand of LaCroix'esque sparkling waters. After the first foul tasting sip I looked at the can to see exactly what I was drinking. After seeing that it claims to be good for you, I decided to give it another go. I couldn't get past sip number 2. Truly one of the worst tasting beverages I've tasted.
508. 10 little patches the size of 2 normal patches. This product is a scam.
509. I'm a big fan of mushrooms - the more I use this stuff, the better I feel.  I'm 67, and like how clear-headed I feel when I take it regularly. Also it contributes to a better flow of energy throughout the day.
510. Made very well. Helped with my pain.
511. OK, so I am super depressed at the moment and it is difficult to get myself on the mat and nearly impossible to get myself to clean it. That being said, once I finally mustered up the energy to clean my mat after probably 3 months I was so pleasantly surprised at the smell! It's a beautiful lavender scent and it lifted my spirits immediately AND it cleans very well - so much dirt came off. This is definitely worth the price, thanks!
512. Do NOT play fetch with this as I can see it getting lodged in your dogs throat if caught wrong.My pups seem to enjoy chewing on this. I have medium sized dogs they did however chew off a very small piece of this product....making me reduce the stars. Any dig chew where the dog can easily chew off the product is not good as the dog will swallow it.
513. Very useful
514. Love this!
515. The photos were misleading. It comes with one sheet and it is thick too.
516. I am very satisfied with this purchase. Very nice box, and everything in it seems very nice. Super satisfied.
517. Great box of wipes
518. This smells wonderful, but the scent does not last.  the wax only lasted for the day and the laundry detergent smelled great but didn't last.  You can tell this is a knockoff of the original.  I'm not bashing it, but you get what you pay for :)
519. this thing is huge.. so I'm disappointed and now I'll be sending it back.  The problem I had was it is NOT as well built as people said on here. The actual sides are each ok and seem to be solid..however the hinge is cheap and doesn't line up the 'cups' so it's just very annoying and seems like it'll fall apart easily.Sending Back!!!
520. Very nice scent and holds heat from microwave well. Love how soft it is.
521. I have used this product forever. Love it and will buy again.
522. Love the color, easy to work with
523. I discovered from my MD that having acidic water makes GERD worse…as does drinking wine and dark chocolate, but that’s another story.I had recently had the bacteria and nitrates tested in my water as part of a program in my town which is near the shoreline and the salt ponds. I was curious to see how acidic my well water really was. This product allowed me to quickly test with a few drops of solution and easily match the color swatch to determine my water is neutral AKA good to drink.
524. Product is was described
525. Gelatin has no flavor. I still cant talk about the benefits because it has been too early for that but the good thing is that it doesnt compromise the flavor of any of my drinks.
526. Daughter lives the entire package. Great for a new surfer!! Glides in easily and smells like a great day at the beach.
527. I put it on and have not taken it off love this.
528. I blend with plain yogurt, works well
529. Filtered my kidney stones out.
530. It's areally good hair dryer with good accessories and attachments. Also came with hair clips and heat protect glove which was and extra surprise.
531. We bought this basically to help clean our chemex coffee carafe. It is definitely a silicone brush, and it was cheap. But according To my girlfriend, it doesn’t “suds up” the soap very well. Last time I buy her inexpensive items that she can use to clean my stuff! The aunt no charity!  Seriously though, she’s great.
532. I got these to replace the pad on my Libman spray mop and these work great. They fit well on the head and are secure on the unit. The best thing is when these get dirty I have a replacement while the other is being washed.
533. These storage containers are smaller than I expected, but they still work well for bringing food to work or school in a lunch bag. They work well for salads, pasta, rice and small quantities of other leftovers. The lids fit securely but go on and off easily. The containers are easy to clean since they are dishwasher safe on the top shelf. This item comes with a total of thirty containers, in six sets of five.
534. I am happy with this aloe vera gel. It goes on smoothly, doesn't feel heavy or greasy, and quickly soaks into the skin. The gel has a light mint fragrance and the scent doesn't linger on the skin. Where I live, it's past the time of year that I will get a sunburn, but I've been using the gel on a bug bite I have and it's been very soothing. I'm glad to have this gel in my closet for bug bites and for that occasional sunburn once the warm weather returns.
535. I purchased this for my elderly mother who has spinal stinosis. She much prefers this pad over the typical chair or scouter pad. This pad she takes everywhere. She loves it.
536. Appreciate quality products delivered to my door.
537. However they get a little slippery when they get wet, and you have to hold them in place. Other than that, they do their job.
538. These are fantastic! I’m SO GLAD someone finally gave a mind for our feminine parts!These pads have changed my game down there! They are naturally medicated & the adhesive sticks to the my panties well…Unlike other natural brands.The absorbency is good as well. I haven’t tried the super heavy but I will next time I need & try to get back on here to say but the pantyliners are fantastic! So are the regulars!Thank you honey pot!
539. Very good ! Used as soon as I got in the mail and was absolutly amazing at replenishing my dry skin that cold winter day! Soaks in immediately ! Beautiful! Thanks!
540. This is a great snack. Low carbs and full of protein. Just right when the munchies hit.
541. I think these sticks must be made out of some kind of root. At least, that's what they feel like. I don't like the smell or taste of them, but they do work well to clean the teeth...at least the front teeth. I had a hard time getting the "brush" on the back side of my teeth. If you like these miswak sticks, they do work very well to clean the teeth, and I did feel they helped my gums in the process.I went online and searched for more information and found out that dogs can chew these sticks, too, and it will help clean their teeth. So I gave the sticks to my dogs, and they happily chewed them until they were gone!
542. The tea itself tastes a lot better than the Lion's Mane version I reviewed separately. It has the color of a cup of coffee and a somewhat pleasant taste. However, I cannot drink this tea. My tongue broke out in blisters when I drank it and it made my throat feel sore. I don't think that's a good thing.
543. Nothing special. Don't clean all that well if your glasses are "smeary." A little dry.
544. When toilet paper became so scarce at the beginning of the pandemic, I ordered a bidet sprayer (https:www.amazon.comgpproductB01E4H7DTA) to cut down on TP use. Then all I had to worry about was using just enough TP to dry off. Then I got these washable bamboo makeup removers that fit nicely in a little ceramic pot on the back of my toilet, and they work great for drying off. Not only that, when used with a low-sudsing feminine wash, I can wash my private parts as needed and cut down on how often I waste water bathing.For someone who is retired with little activity and very dry skin, there really is no need to bathe more than once a week as long as the privates are washed daily. I like that I can do this while sitting on the toilet and not risk a fall (I have osteoporosis) getting in and out of the tub. Besides, I hear a number of celebrities are now advocating not bathing very frequently, so I must be cool!I got two packs of 16 makeup removers each, and each pack comes with a nice mesh bag for washing the rounds in the washing machine. So I keep a bag beside the toilet to hold the ones I've used, and when the clean ones are all gone, I just start on the second pack while the other is in the wash. The little bit of soap left on each used round prevents it from getting groady until wash time.I'm very, very pleased with this product, and I'd give it an extra star if I could for the washing bag.
545. I got these to hold the tips of my pre-rolled bamboo paper filters, and the tips don’t fit down into the filter-tips far enough to hold them securely. They are okay, but not as good as they could have been. I guess it depends on whose product you use with what.
546. I doubt I would use this body brush in the shower, because I think if it gets wet it's going to be more likely to lose bristles, but as a dry skin brush it is awesome! It's comfortable to hold, the handle wrapping ensures a good grip, and it's long enough to be able to reach your whole back or all the way down to your feet without being so huge it's unwieldy for doing your arms and front torso.If you've never tried dry brushing, you should. It's stimulating to your skin, helps remove dead flaky skin better than wet-showering does, and has a number of benefits for health. Google it! One thing dry brushing is good for is to help open up the skin to allow ingrown hairs (like I have on my legs from using an epilator) to surface.This brush, which I received at a discount in exchange for my honest review, will hang on the side of my vanity to remind me to pick it up and do a little dry brushing while I'm otherwise occupied...a great multitasking habit to get into.
547. I confess: I probably drink more alcohol than I should. Sometimes none, sometimes more than advised. Can you relate? (I'm sorry, but American politics drives me to drink!) I'm pretty good at eating healthy for the most part, but I do confess I love gin. I took just a plain milk thistle capsule for years, and that seemed to give me some protection from the occasional (or not so occasional) indulgence, but when I ran out I stopped taking it. And I've noticed my liver goes through phases of not being happy and acting up. Just a bad feeling, a nagging almost-pain.When I was offered this Total Liver formulation at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I thought I'd try it because I knew I needed to get back on something to help protect my liver. It's got the milk thistle I know from past experiences is very effective, but it also has other ingredients that have been scientifically proven to help protect the liver. The best protection, of course, is not to overdo, but if you're going to be bad, this formulation is a good insurance policy.I did try to take less than the four-pills-a-day dosage, but I didn't see any improvement until I took it as recommended. Then I started getting some relief from that crummy sluggish-liver feeling.
548. Okay, I'm just going to say it. I don't brush my teeth enough. I've got a nice SonicCare electric toothbrush in the bathroom, but because I'm retired and don't have to get dressed up to go out anywhere, I don't have a grooming routine. I don't have an alarm clock either! I needed something like this to keep close to me to help me remember to use it, so when I was offered the product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I was pretty happy about being able to try it.I'm sure I'm not the only senior who wears comfortable clothes and falls asleep in them. If my clothes are not dirty, I've been known to wear them for days at a time. I'm probably also not the only senior who doesn't register what day or time it is half the time. I keep my hair cut very short so if I forget to comb it nobody will notice. I work on my computer almost every waking moment, and it seems the only time I get out from under that cloud is when I'm in the kitchen cooking. It's only when I'm waiting for the microwave to finish or the coffee pot to stop perking that I suddenly become aware of my body...at which point I usually realize I need to brush my teeth.I've tried keeping a spare manual toothbrush and toothpaste in the kitchen. Both have a tendency to fall into the sink with the dirty dishes. I like this brush because I can clip it to my T- shirt or pocket (where it looks like some kind of space pen) and whip it out for a quick brushing while I'm waiting for the microwave to finish. I love how you can &quot;dial&quot; out just a little toothpaste, not so much as to require a lot of water, do a quick brushing, then rinse at the sink, stick the brush back into its cap, and get back to what you were doing.My Tom's of Maine toothpaste tube wasn't a perfect fit for the screw-on end through which you fill it, but it was good enough. I just turned the dial down as the tube filled with toothpaste. Dialing it back up with the thumbscrew pushes the toothpaste up through the center of the brush. It doesn't take much. I don't know what people are talking about with &quot;cleaning&quot; it. I wouldn't bother with that. I think as long as you rinse the brush end well and dial a tiny bit of toothpaste back into the bristles (like flushing a syringe), there's no reason to have to clean the toothpaste reservoir. Just put more toothpaste into it when it's getting low, I would think.Disclaimer: I came of age at a time when kids actually played in the dirt and exposure to germs was considered a good way of building up immunity. If you're one of those people who showers three times a day and has to clean everything to within an inch of its life all the time, you probably won't like this toothbrush.
549. Darn, I got these in the wrong size, so DP gets to have them instead of me. I got a large, and I should have gotten them in a smaller size. My loss, his gain! But that's good because he's started walking 2+ miles a day (he's 66) and has been hinting that he might start running again. So he definitely needs these compression knee sleeves. I need them, too, so I'm going to have to buy my own pair.Be sure to follow the instructions for measuring the size you need before ordering. Don't guess, like I did. (Actually, when I was offered a pair of these to review, I don't think they had the sizing instructions listed. I don't remember seeing them, anyway.) If you size them correctly, I think you'll be very pleased with the quality of the materials and the compression. I know DP is.UPDATE: I got a pair in the small for myself, and that's more like it! I have a tibial tuberosity on my right knee that tends to get very itchy if I walk a lot, which I'm doing now (about 3 miles a day), and these compression knee sleeves definitely help with that. I don't know if it's the compression or the warmth, but my knee cap doesn't get as aggravated during my walks, and my calves feel GREAT.
550. Great buy—-does not leave an after taste!
551. These protein powders come in such great flavors and they provide the highest amount of protein with little to no carbs andor sugar.  I have been buying these for years and love them!
552. This is exactly what I was looking for.  Easy to use right out of the box, comfortable to hold.
553. OMG !!!!  amazing this is the best purchase ever  works 100%
554. Disappointed, I had a smoke buddy previous to this one , It lasted ten times longer than this one, I used it for about a week and a half till it was too hard to blow through. Will be finding another product to use
555. Not pure silicone! I have a corn intolerance (which is in everything!) Used these last night and woke up with swollen sinuses, itchy ears,  and I almost couldn't get the plugs out because my inner ear was swollen so bad. An hour later (after getting them out) and the swelling is going down. Don't get off you're sensitive to things. Thankfully I still had prednisone in my system from a shot 2 days ago.
556. It’s exactly as described.. adjustable, not too thick and not too thin… you never forget it because it’s around your neck
557. Low noise but after a couples uses, they are very dull. Makes me wonder if they were used before.
558. Easy to use gloves and helpful with washing dishes! I was concerned about the size as I have small hands and these are one size but the kinda hug your hand even if they are bigger then I’d need they stay on well!!
559. This is a fantastic ice roller. It is just heavy enough to have a terrific feel in your hand. The weigh allows it to roll freely smoothly across whatever body part you are working it on. It stays cold long enough to do it's magic. And it's just plain wonderful that it came with a case! Storing it in the freezer is a breeze compared to other rollers that I have. The case makes all the difference in the world. The curve of the handle and the weight of the roller actually even made it a great roller for a back massage. I highly recommend this little device.
560. Works wonderful on sore tired feet
561. I used the hearts on another wall since I used these letters on this backdrop. Letter are GREAT!
562. I have hard calluses feet and hoped that this could help. But unfortunately it was not powerful enough to help them. But it does work great for shaping nails and other things!
563. I was trying to find a basic sticker to put on my granddaughters books to say who they were from and when. I do not know what I was thinking buying these. They would be awesome for a invitation or something like that. Too fancy and pricey for a label. My fault !!!!
564. It works!  comfortable to wear.
565. My local Sally’s and cosmoprof was completely out. Will only purchase from here from now on.
566. Using this lowered my cholesterol 50 points!
567. Rim is not padded.  Should have bought higher quality.
568. Product description was wrong, it said it was compatible with my brush but they weren't.
569. plastic pieces made this difficult to use.. very cheaply made
570. Did what it was supposed to do can't sleep in it and that is when my problem occurs
571. I purchased this to use in a recipe for my skincare on my face. I would recommend this to friends and family for a great glycerin product.I will repurchase this in the future.
572. Easy to make!
573. The value for the money is amazing we can't go wrong when you could buy 50 of these at Walgreens or anywhere else for 30 bucks.they fold out they fit your face they're comfortable as any other mask. They're disposable. I wear it all day for my business. Then whenever they wear out I just put a new one on I'm going to be buying many more of these I'm sure
574. Soylent meal replacement. I've tried the original I'm not a fan of it of the flavor it's kind of blah but when you add in some fruits like pineapple or blueberries are bananas it really becomes pretty good. But over time you get tired of it. This flavor though is really good the chocolate. You don't really need any added ingredients to drink it. I do a dice kind of make it a smoothie in a sense. One thing I do got to say it goes by and I go through quite fast doing the measuring properly. Portable generator last about a week if you use it on a regular basis. I really love the product. I think buying the bottles is a waste of money. Especially if you're drinking you on a regular basis.
575. I love this lighter. It works great for lighting candles,  I love you can charge it and not worry about buying expensive butane lighters, battery is long lasting,  price is right. I bought one for mother in law for stocking stuffer.  Very giftable.
576. Does the job well.
577. This one is made really nice for the price. I was skeptical after finding these for 4 times the price but this one is made very well.
578. The original basket I needed never came with my knee scooter so I ordered this 1. It fits perfectly under the handles and is easy to put on and take off at the hooks. It has been sturdy so far after 2 weeks. I can put some groceries in it without worry.
579. I have 3 large dogs and it can some times be a chore to brush their teeth every morning.  However, with this full surround finger toothbrush, brushing is so much easier and faster.  My dogs don't seem to fight me as much as when I was using the regular toothbrushes or the other finger brushes.  One of my dogs, she's the youngest at 16 mos. old almost seems to enjoy her morning brushing.  This toothbrush is really soft (extra soft), which is my 1 concern.  I wish the bristles where a little less soft. Sometimes I wonder if their teeth are really getting a good cleaning because the brush is so soft.  It's great to massage their gums.  This brush has made a world of difference for my dogs.  They let me brush their teeth.  Its great!
580. If you are looking for some way to decorate your fence, this is a great option. You can put different plants in here that are different colors and really give your yard some color. I will be buying more to finish my yard this Spring. I definitely recommend this.
581. I bought these to dress up my fence. They look really great! I've put different flowers and plants in them and they look really awesome on my fence.
582. I think it's salter then most drink bases. I drank some of it before going to bed and had to wake for 3 glasses of water due to dry mouth.
583. In preparation for the 'big day' i picked up a couple packs. when these pills are put to the test i expect everyone to come back here and update if you have mutated or died. thanks!
584. Great pair of scissors!!!  They are super study and easy on the hands!
585. These are super easy to use. They keep your nose open so you can get air in when you sleep. You may look a little odd wearing them, but when you're old you don't care. You just want to sleep. The only downside is my cat thinks they are a toy, and he takes them off the nightstand to his hiding place. So if you have a cat, keep them away from them. Or give them their own pair.
586. Came DOA. Currently talking to them on a replacement.
587. Exactly as described. Works well.
588. I bought this for my husband and I to take on a trip.  The charge held for over 2 weeks. The refill brushes are easy to change.  They would be great for children with the 2 minute timer.
589. Love these as they were made in USA!  love the tin!
590. Absolutely not picking up animal fur as its saying. I used for 5 loads already and every time its clean mesh bag inside and cats fur on the clothes.  Dislike it and just wasted money.
591. No problems at all - easy to use and accurate results!
592. I've had contacts for 20+ years and always took good care of them (at annual visits the doctor would always comment that he couldn't believe my 2 week soft contacts were over 4 weeks old they were so clean and looked great under the scope. So when my new doctor recommended this due to my eyes battling dry eye and irritation from long dustydirty work days I figured I'd try it but wasn't expecting much.I am a vet and my eyes are bombarded with hair, fuzz, dust, nail dust from the dremel, and all kinds of things and my contacts are in from 6 am to after 10 at night. Most days I have to take out and rinse one at least once. Some days they just feel like something is stuck on them alllllll day.  This treatment does seem to freshen them a bit, nothing miraculous since I keep mine very clean but I use it weekly or as a last resort if one contact is really bugging me to see if it's salvageable or ready to toss. The peroxide is strong if you have a cut, rash, ezcema, or something and you get some on your hand it will burn. I rinse like crazy before I put them back in my eyes. This one expires in under a year so I don't know if I'll use it up with mostly weekly uses.
593. I use these as a veterinarian for cutting pig tusks. These wires are sharp but no matter the brand or price, they are extremely finicky. They do NOT like to be kinked, bent, or handled roughly. A tiny kink will quickly fray or snapbreak completely. When doing multiple 300 lb plus angry pot belly pigs, speed is of the essence and I really have to baby these things- can't stuff them in a pocket, through them in a carrier bag or box with other things. I've already been down to my last one and it had snapped twice leaving me with about 5 inches of length and it was fraying before my eyes as I tried to finish my last tusk.They cut through tusks and casts beautifully. The handle hooks are comfortable but useless once you let go, they don't stay onin the loops, I prefer locking wrenches or even needle noses but again, you can't leave them on and set them and the wire down as any bending of the wire will cause breakage.
594. Just what I needed.
595. I loved how this made my skin feel after using. No unexpected reactions from my sensitive skin.
596. Only fit my kids’ masks with thin straps. But helpful for school where masks are mandatory but taken off for eating and PE.
597. This mask did not have as much contour shaping around the eyes as some other masks I have used, but the thin cloth around the nose to block light gaps and the super comfortable strap over my ears more than made up for it. A much better improvement over my last sleep mask.
598. Many masks we have, the straps are are way to thick to use with these straps. I do like the clips, similar to a necklace clasp, which is more secure than many of the plastic clips other straps use, but we cannot use as extensively due to the narrow width.
599. It’s a gift for a relative. It comes in a nice giftable box. The ribbon needs to be tied. It’s larger than I was expecting, which was a pleasant surprise, but the quality is as expected.
600. Kleenex with lotion is so soft and comfortable. Definitely my favorite tissue for winter sniffles!
601. I have 10.5” straws. They are a great size for larger cups, but they are a little tall for my normal Starbucks drink. I bought this shorter size so I didn’t have quite so much straw sticking up over my cup. This has been great and I don’t feel like I might impale myself on my latte straw anymore. I’ve also used in a standard 12 Oz can of soda and have been happy.What makes this set really stand out, compared to others I have purchased, is that it comes with the carry bag and the straw brushes. That’s super helpful, especially if this is a first straw purchase.
602. Comfortable, easy to wear. I wear it almost all the time.
603. I had bought this to clean my water bottle. The brush is made of dense, soft foam chunks, and looks like it would work great -- but it's too big to fit into the mouth of my reusable water bottle. You can't even squeeze the foam enough to cram it into the bottle. It's just too big. Would probably be great for washing pitchers and jars, and better than regular brushes because it has more surface area to clean with, but I was disappointed that I couldn't use it for what I intended.
604. I've used this for years now, it gives me the feeling that my back feels better, not sure how it works, but I use it on my back.
605. Beautiful color and sweet scented soap.  I love the horse in motion that they captured in making this.
606. the frames are heavier than expected, the nose pieces dig into the sides of my, can only where for a short amount of time
607. I used these capsules for approximately 1 month but did not find them helpful at all. I have not reordered.
608. Liked how it cuts through rolled gauze easily and without difficulty without hurting patients
609. Not bad but I think being that my foot is small it rides up so I find myself pulling it down but when I do that it doesn’t cover my fore toe but I will continue to use it because i need to see if it works better, it’s only been 1 day, so I will update later.
610. I was shockingly surprised but this actually works!! Good thing I have two in this pack!! It helps me when I'm walking!!
611. Loved it so much&#60; i bought a second for a friend!
612. Mix with something strong and it's fine
613. Don't be afraid to switch hands if one eye's application gives you more trouble than the other.
614. I Love them! Can't wait to finish my doily so I can block it.Much better than using a padded towel!!
615. Good product, but on silver jewelry, use with caution.  I suggest testing a small area first.  Don't leave silver jewelry immersed longer than a couple of seconds.  Love it for sterling silver chains = quickly dip in and out.  I always rinse jewelry in water after dipping.
616. Works good!
617. arrive as promised - was as described - nicely packaged -
618. These are almost a buffing file not a fine sanding file. They work well as buffing but not so much for shaping.
619. I take lisine for two different reasons: The lysine you consume can help your gastrointestinal tract absorb calcium and reduce how much of this mineral is excreted into your urine.Because your body can’t manufacture lysine, you must include it in the foods you eat or in supplement. This LLysine is a really good supplement. I am very pleased with the results I am getting from the Bronson LLysine
620. Now I can get the whole first floor windows done. The building is very tall so the second and third are out of the question but the main floor looks good :)
621. I love this stuff, it forgives many a droop and wrinkle. I use it on my chest and neck, and a few other areas too. It's not an outright eraser but it really helps,
622. A good laundry product, I keep coming back for more.
623. Great scale arrive in perfect condition.
624. This product works, but it takes a lot, I mean a lot, of elbow grease even after it has had time to soften the sealer up.
625. loved it till the infuser stopped working
626. Awesome for traveling, not great for an everyday toothbrush. I threw a pack in my purse in case of emergency
627. This was the best purchase. The house we moved in the rooms were thick. I have bad allergies and I was swallowing blood but when this was plugged in I could breathe!! We bought one for every room!! Best decision ever!
628. I lve this style of back scrubber, not just for my back but for the back of my legs and even the bottoms of my feet.  I highly recommend them, especially if you are not as physically limber as you used to me (like me).
629. Great Product For Your Lungs.
630. Perfect size for travel!
631. Works great for larger sunglasses.  The case is harder shell so it doesn't crush your glasses. Definitely would recommend.
632. Whether recovering from athletic or work activities or an injury, these items will help, especially the back, hips, legs, and feet.
633. Unfortunately, this product was hard as a rock, not high enough for me, and much too small to be helpful. It was returned.
634. Excellent product. I have very thin, sensitive skin, and using band aids usually causes more damage. I was getting desperate when I saw these. I had to use them this week and they are perfect for me. They are truly made for sensitive skin, come off easily, and do no damage, and they stay on until you take them off.
635. These are sturdy, lomg lasting arch and heel supports. They are firm but with some give. Have a high heel and higher arch supports. The only inserts I'll use for preventing heel pain and supporting my unusually high arches.
636. My hair seems to be improving or at least that is what my hairdresser says.
637. I will definitely not get a 4 month's use out of these KitchLife Reusable Bamboo Paper Towels. My intended use was to use them as "hand towels" in the bathroom, but they are not soft or very absorbent. You really have to wet them to get use from them.The roll and towels are smaller than "paper" towels, and they have a weird texture. They are not scrubby, but work fine for cleaning up the bathroom sink and counter in between deep cleanings. You can also wash and reuse them. Though I would hand wash them instead of machine wash. And, I would spray them with Hypochlorous Acid, or another peopleanimal friendly disinfectant.I don't particularly want a bunch of these just hanging around in a container, or hanging to dry, as I don't really like cleaning with them. They are just meh to me. I'd rather use microfiber cloths.
638. This XUYU Infrared Heating Pad Natural Jade Tourmaline for Back Neck Shoulder gets nice and toasty, but is stiff, and smells like burning wires or chemicals. I love the size, as it covers my entire back, though I am quite short. This is the first time I've tried a heating pad that has Jade tourmaline, but it seems to give it a more even, and hot heat.  It does take a little while longer for it to heat up than a regular heating pad, but there's no way I could use it turned on the highest setting, as it gets so very hot. The heating pad material is quite stiff and just does not feel very nice against my skin. It would be quite hard to wrap around your shoulder or any other part of your body, as it is not very flexible. I even find it a bit uncomfortable leaning back on it, when sitting on my sofa.When turned on, it smells quite strongly of wires or chemicals burning. I thought that it would go away after a bit of use, but it is still the same. I know some people go to sleep with a heating pad on, but I would not feel safe leaving this one on without it being looked after. The smell bothered me so bad, I actually stopped using it, for fear that there is a short in it somewhere.Though I really love the heat produced by this natural Jade tourmaline heating pad, the burning smell makes me afraid to use it. It is nice and large, but the stiffness of the material is a bit uncomfortable, as well. Maybe it is supposed to be that way, due to the Jade tourmaline, but neither the smell nor the feel is very comforting to me. Hopefully others will not have this experience, but it's just not my favorite.
639. This is a pretty nice Vanilla fragrance oil. It is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. There's no such thing as vanilla essential oil. In the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. The price is also an indicator that this is not a vanilla absolute, which costs many times the cost of this bottle.This Vanilla fragrance oil smells like a Vanilla with a sugary hint. It is a rather nice smelling fragrance oil and works pretty much like essential oil, as far as diffusing, DIY air fresheners, wax melts, and candles. I would not use this to make any kind of lip balms or anything to actually go on the skin, like lotions, since this is made with chemicals.Otherwise, it smells very nice and I would recommend it as a great fragrance oil.
640. This Dr. Mercola Organic White Grapefruit Essential Oil has a nice fresh aroma. It will be great for making blends to go in my diffusers. I have a pink grapefruit essential oil already and was hoping this one would be a little different, but they smell pretty much the same. Though it smells good on its own, there are many blends using grapefruit that smell so good, and I look forward to trying lots of them.It does seem to have a lighter scent than I'm used to, so I would not trust using it in any skin or lip recipes. For diffusing and candle making, I would definitely recommend it.
641. I got this OvaCue Wireless Fertility Monitor for my daughter, who only has one ovary, due to having to have one removed. She is young and is looking so forward to starting a family, but her cycles are not regular. This monitor is working better for her than any other tests or means they have tried. She said it was easy to set up, easy to use, and seems to be accurate. She can really see what is happening on charts made from the daily test results and there is lots of helpful information throughout. It is still early, but I'm hopeful that I will be told that she is expecting soon.This really is a great monitor for women like her, and others who have struggled with health issues and with other tests and trials of this and that, that have been nothing but letdowns. This is really something great and different. Highly recommended!
642. This Beurer Professional Ultrasonic Cleanser with Digital Timer works well for cleaning the pail of vintage costume and real jewelry I have that really needs it. It's pretty easy to figure out without even looking at the directions, but you may need to for precautions and water requirements, if using dish soap. I used a jewelry cleaning liquid meant for Ultrasonic Cleaners, and cleaned several pieces at a time. I have a few large pieces that will need to be done in sections, but for most regular jewelry the size is sufficient. It did a good job cleaning the pieces I experimented with. It has a timer that goes by 30 second intervals, with the highest time limit at 7:30. I'm not sure why that particular number is the magic one for this device, but some tools and other items that are particularly dirty, may need more time. Overall, it is a nice working cleaner for household jewelry and semi-small items, and I would definitely recommend it.
643. Update 2522: I tried to give this blow dryer a shot on the highest wind setting at medium heat. Mind you, it normally takes less than 10 minutes to dry my terribly fine thin hair. It didn't even make it halfway through before it crapped out. Dead. The plug didn't shut it off. It just died. With all of its shortcomings and now this, it's a definite no go...2322: This ENISECA 1875 Watt Negative Ionic Hair Dryer is not as versatile as it is made out to be. I was really looking forward to being able to change the temperature and wind settings to my liking. I have fine thin hair, and need a lower speed with hotter temperatures than most blow dryers have. With this blow dryer, it's impossible.The only time you can adjust the temperature is if it's on the highest wind speed, which is totally ridiculous. If you lower the wind speed at all, it goes to the coldest temperature, which is even more ridiculous. I do appreciate being able to change the temperature on the highest wind setting, but I need a lower wind setting and a higher temperature setting than cold. And, I do mean cold.After deciphering the meaning behind this seemingly faulty setting, they make it appear that a lower wind speed should only have low temperatures for children's sake. I didn't buy this blow dryer for a child, I bought it for myself. Furthermore, I would not want to blow dry my child's hair with cold air.This blow dryer could have been a super win all around, but instead it's a flop for me. It's fine if you only blow dry your hair on a mediumhigh speed at all times, but for those of us who don't or can't do that, it's pretty much useless. Just to note, the highest wind speed setting is not nearly high enough to please those with thick long hair, but it  get extremely hot. This is not my favorite.
644. These JSPA Non Binding Socks are very soft and have no rough seams. I have a Neurovascular problem that causes pain and swelling in my feet and legs. Wearing regular socks often makes my feet hot causing the issue to worsen. They are nice and thick and feel very cushy, but don't make my feet sweat. I've found that bamboo is much kinder and more breathable than cotton. These socks don't cause indentations on my legs and feet after wearing them and being on my feet for several hours. They are well made, good quality socks, and are as they claim. I would definitely recommend them.
645. I've taken prescription Meclizine for Vertigo for years, and this Rising Health Meclizine seems to work just as well. It makes me a little sleepy, just like the rx, and gets rid of most of the spinning, just like the rx. I get it really bad sometimes, so nothing gets rid of the spinning and nausea completely, but I'd be in rough shape if I didn't keep this on hand. This Rising Health Meclizine works great and I would definitely recommend it.
646. This has a lavender note to it, but not the strong unmistakable scent of any lavenderslavandins I've worked with before. It is not floral to my nose at all. It has a somewhat chemical pine like scent that is present that I'm not fond of. There is no information about the oil, as in the botanical name or its origin, on the bottle or packaging. I'm certain this is not true lavender.
647. I've been using collagen powder for a few months now, and have noticed some real changes. The biggest being with my digestive system. I've suffered from stomach issues on a daily basis for years, due to colitis and adhesions. Collagen powder supplements are really doing wonders for my tummy, so that I don't have so much pain. They just seem to make things so healthy in there.This Colageno Hidrolizado En Polvo Peptides Collagen powder mixes very easily into my coffee and my overnight oats. I cannot taste it at all in either one. And, it doesn't have or leave a nasty powder or grainy texture in the last half of my coffee. I can't even tell it's in there.This collagen powder comes in an XL large plastic container that is barely half filled with this wonderful supplement. It is such a waste to have to throw out SO much more plastic than necessary. Otherwise, this is great stuff at a great price! I would definitely recommend it.
648. This can be a very dangerous and TENS unit. It is not a slimming instrument. It is very much like the devices used in doctors and physical therapy offices. It comes with a less than adequate "manual", with over-the-top claims of making you slim and trim, increasing your bust size, among many other crazy things.This should come with much better instructions, warnings, and contraindications. There are so many ways that you can use a TENS unit in the wrong way that is very dangerous and life-threatening. There is no mention of warnings or contraindications, whatsoever, in the hyped up "manual".What my sensitive nerves experienced were unpleasant muscle contractions, along with zaps and zings to the point that I could not stand it. I can use a regular TENS unit on lower settings, but the "Instrument" I received is a bit unstable, and every electrode does not put out the same strengthintensity on the chosen stimulation mode. I used ultrasound gel and made sure the electrodes were well covered, but it didn't seem to make a difference. I still got zapped by one electrode or another. Maybe this machine is just too strong for my nerves. They are rather sensitive.This might work as a very good TENS unit for some people, but I don't believe one word about it toning your body, making you lose weight, enhancing your breast or any other part of your body. Those are just outright lies. That is why they put hyphens in between such words in the listing.Many people would love such a device for the relief of pain without being told it will help them lose weight, develop strong and beautiful breasts, and even prevent cancer, when it clearly will not. People who are in pain are desperate to relieve it without the use of medications. They would gladly buy a professional TENS unit, but who wants to buy a gimmick?Sadly, this will not work for me, even as a TENS unit. I just wish that it were sold solely as such.
649. I had not heard of D-Mannose and Cranberry Supplement until a few months ago when I was desperately seeking relief from UTIs every few months. I'd been taking apple cider vinegar, cream of tartar, and baking soda, which works well, but takes too long.After the first sign of another UTI, I took three of these for 5 days, and I stopped having any symptoms from day one. It never did turn into a full-blown UTI. I've been taking one a day ever since.I'm so thankful to have found this, as UTIs are so painful and irritating. It's nice to have something that will help keep them away. Though this is a bit expensive, it works very well. I might look for a coupon or shop around when I run out, but I would absolutely recommend taking D-Mannose and Cranberry Supplements.
650. I've used and studied essential oils for many years. I make and sell soap and bath and body products using them. I also diffuse them daily. I've used real sandalwood and it's dupe, Amyris essential oil, which is known as West Indian Sandalwood.Real Sandalwood essential oil is extremely expensive. Most inexpensive Sandalwood that is sold on the market is actually Amyris (Balsamifera) Essential Oil, better known as West Indian Sandalwood, which smells very similar, but costs much less.This Sandalwood does not smell like Sandalwood, nor does it smell like Amyris. It reminds me more of a middle eastern fragrance oil that is light in nature, and very perfume-like. There are no sweet notes of benzoin or vanilla that dry down to blend with the soft, warm notes that are woodsy and a bit smokey. In fact, this oil is not reminiscent of Sandalwood at all, to my nose. It has more of a feminine perfume like scent.I would definitely search for true Sandalwood, which is extremely expensive, or the much more affordable, Amyris Essential Oil. You will get a very warm pleasant smelling oil, instead of one that is very perfumy. I would not recommend this.
651. This facial steamer comes in pieces in a plain cardboard box. There are instructions on how to put it together and how to use it, but it's pretty self-explanatory. Once together, you fill the steamer cup to the max line with hot tap water, add essential oils to a cotton swab and stick it in the aromatherapy bud holder next to the nozzle, if desired, and turn the heat and light on. Within just a few moments, there's a steady stream of steam coming out of the nozzle. It goes a fair distance, but to get the best coverage of your face with the steam, you will want to be about 15 inches below the nozzle.The steam feels really wonderful and relaxing! It runs for about 4 to 5 minutes and really opens your pores to help clean away any impurities.I really like the simplicity of this facial steamer, but would not consider it professional quality. The mechanical portion and cup are made of very lightweight plastic, do not seem extremely durable, and it is very basic in its function. I have been a cosmetologist for over 30 years, and this is more suited for home use.Using this facial steamer is a great way to take care of your skin and a wonderful way to spend time doing some self-care. There's nothing like spending some time a day or two each week and really taking good care of your skin. This facial steamer will help you do that in the comfort of your own home, and save you money at the same time. I'm really enjoying it and would definitely recommend it!
652. I have two bucket dispensers for these towels, and I use the refills in them and in so many other places. I have never made wipes, but just use the towelswipes dry. Having the center pull is so easy and convenient.I always keep a bucket in my car for any mishaps or other needs. These are great to keep a roll in the bathroom to be more sanitary than hand towels, in the craft room for all sorts of things, in the garage for clean ups and sweaty foreheads, in the laundry room for spills or hand drying, and so many other places. There are just so many places to put a bucket or roll of these wipestowels, wet or dry.These are not the thickest, but if you need a paper towelwipe, you'll be glad you have them in reach. They are pretty expensive, so I only get them if they are on a good sale, but I would definitely recommend them!
653. This oil smells like perfume. It is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. There's no such thing as vanilla essential oil. And, there is no evidence whatsoever that this is any type of certified organic anything. Real organic actual essential oils have to be certified. In the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. Please do your research before purchasing this product. This is a vanilla fragrance oil or blend that is not meant to go into a diffuser. The price is also an indicator that this is not a true vanilla absolute, which is what would be used in a diffuser or in soaps. Vanilla absolutes are expensive. These are cheap and they smell cheap. They do not smell anything like vanilla at all. They smell like perfume. Not a good perfume and not a vanilla perfume. I would not recommend whatever kind of oils these are at all.
654. These FG Clean Wipes are great for cleaning so many things and have so many other uses, as well. They clean very well without harsh chemicals and without leaving any lint behind. They don't tear apart like paper towels, they are more like thin indestructible fiber cloths.I've kept one in my oil box and have been using it for several days to clean my Essential Oil diffusers. Just washing them with soap and water doesn't get all of the residual oils out, but these cloths do. I'm sure that one cloth will last for quite a while. I'm also keeping one on my nail table to wipe my brushes clean when using poly gels and other liquids. If I get anything on it, I can shake it off in the trash and put it in my LED lamp, so the polish or polygel can cure and I can continue using it as long as possible. I've taped one to the inside of my new LED nail lamp, so that the bottom of it doesn't get dirty with polish or other nail enhancement liquids or gels. I've used a couple of them to do a quick clean of my refrigerator, inside and out.I know I'm missing some things, but they're just so many uses for them. These are wonderful cloths and I absolutely recommend them!
655. I've already used a few of these towels to clean my Air fry oven and dual microwave convection oven that were in need of cleaning, and it did a wonderful job. My air fry oven and microwave look brand new again. But, this is not the main reason that I wanted them.A while back, I took on the endeavour of repainting my kitchen and bathroom cabinets. I thought it was going to be a simple job, but it turns out that there's a lot more to it than just a little sanding and painting. It's taking me a while, I'm only halfway through, and I'm on a little break right now, but will be back at it within the next week or so. These towels are going to be great for all the chemicals I'm going to have to use, and all the scrubbing and cleaning I'm going to have to do. Especially, in the bathrooms, as I haven't done any of the prep work in those two rooms, yet.I'm trying to go off memory of the proper steps, so I may miss something. You have to clean your cabinets with a strong special cleaner, then lightly sand them, and then reclean with a 5050 mixture of water and denatured alcohol. You also have to keep ammonia on hand for some reason, but I can't remember exactly why. This might not be everyone's way, but this is just how I was taught to do it, and it's working well. The job was taxing on me because I didn't have good towels to use. I was using a sponge and paper towels for a good part of it, and they just weren't cutting it. I think there's something in the makeup of these towels that make them clean better and will make my job of prepping my cabinets a lot easier. I'll also need them to wipe away any sanding dust in between coats, and these will leave them lint-free, unlike paper towels.Just from using a few of these to clean my Air fry oven and microwave, I know there's some super special cleaning power in these towels. I know that they will serve me well while doing my cabinet painting jobs. Because of how durable they are and well they last, I'm sure I'll have some left over to do other cleaning jobs around the house. I definitely recommend these towels!
656. When you unbox this, you can tell that it's not a very high-quality shaver. Though, I've tried it on my "it's winter and also during Covid times" upper leg hair, and it works okay, but it pulls hair quite frequently, and that hurts! Like all others, I thought I would be able to use it in the shower, but apparently, it's a risk to do so according to the written instructions. So, I won't be using this thing in the shower on my *bikini* area where I intended to use it...where it says it's intended to be used. I'm not quite sure what will happen if I do, and I'm not one for taking chances.I don't like the thought of an unknown catastrophe with a lithium battery, nor do I like my hair being yanked from its roots. I do like having clear and concise specifications and directions. There are none to be found here. So, if you're like me, pass this one by. Otherwise, go for it!
657. This little flower sonic brush cleaner is perfect to use every day if you use Retin-A. It is soft, yet it cleans away any dirt, oil, or peeling, without causing any irritation. Those who use Retin-A know that the vigorous brush cleanings can only be done a couple of times a week or else your skin gets really sore and painful. This little cleaning brush does not cause that and gives a great cleaning for everyday. And, it really gets into the creases around the nose and does great for cleaning out your pores.I use a micellar gel cleanser with this and usually go through two 90 second sessions on the nights I don't use Retin-A, and one very light pressure session on the nights I do. I then apply my skincare or my Retin-A. About once a week I use my regular cleansing brush to do a deep clean, but only for a minute or two.I really love this little flower sonic cleansing brush. It is not harsh, it gives a great cleaning, it feels good, and it helps wash away the peelies from using Retin-A. Highly recommend.
658. I was surprised upon receiving these masks. I opened the poly shipping bag to find the three masks inside. Not realizing it, I had ripped not only the shipping label but the packaging label at the same time. It contained information about the company and the masks. I found this unprofessional, but I guess the company is saving money by making the shipping polybag their official company packaging.The masks are made very simple, without any adjustability to them. I found them difficult to wear because I wear glasses, and they do not have a nose bridge piece to make them more fitted. The elastic bands are also too long, and it's hard to tie them to make them shorter. Therefore, my glasses always got fogged-up when I wore them.Overall, my impressions are that the packaging is unprofessional, and the masks are subpar and could use improvements.
659. This is a really cool-looking shaver! My son is into skulls and thinks this is the neatest thing ever. He says all of the shaving and trimming functions work quite well, which was a bit unexpected for a seemingly novelty device. But, when it comes to the brushes they don't clip into the base and stay there. Therefore, once turned on, they can fall out at any time. The instructions do say to attach the brushes, place them against your face, and then turn the shaver on. So, maybe they are just held on by pressure. The instruction booklet is a good size and readable, which is a plus in my book.Aside from the brushes not snapping into the shaver as all the other attachments do, this shaver looks cool and also functions very well. I would definitely recommend it, especially for skull lovers and teenage boys just starting out shaving. 4 stars ✨
660. I love the fact that this supplement has so much packed into each pill. It has loads of vitamins, minerals, collagen, extracts, keratin and so many other good things that help your hair grow and stay healthy. Not to mention, it's also just as good for your skin and nails.I have Hashimoto's, and my hair was falling out so badly. Taking good supplements for the hair has helped my hair grow back and not fall out as much anymore. I do have a hard time taking large doses of biotin at one time but finding a supplement that is loaded with so many good ingredients at such high doses, such as this one, I only have to take one per night.As long as I continue to take great supplements like these, my hair stays in good condition. I definitely recommend this packed full of goodness supplement to anyone who is suffering from hair loss or issues with their skin or nails. 5 stars ✨
661. This is a nice ice roller. It rollsspins without effort and doesn’t stick, even when very cold. Compared to another I have, this handle is easier to hold as it’s made for a normal grip (I have another one where the handle is somewhat triangle shaped). The freezer case is especially nice, as you can store it without worry of food contact. It doesn’t take up much room in the freezer. I recommend this model.
662. All of these so-called healing tools with heating elements seem to emit extremely high EMFs. I'm a super-sensitive and this thing set me off ASAP. There is an AWFUL odor that smells like burning wires that I could detect after a minute or so of heating. The pad was getting hot but I was feeling nauseated being near it so I pulled out the EMF meter. Both settings, one for electric and the other for magnetic, both fields were almost maxed out at various places on the pad. I feel scrambled just having done this experiment and had it on for less than 3 minutes. Do not recommend that this would assist human health, I think the negatives outweigh the benefits. As far as I've seen, only MediCrystal has a method to contain the dirty EMFs and have a truly healing heating pad with crystals, and this looks like a direct ripoff of their designs.
663. It's ok, it's hard to keep it snug enough to the feet and even then doesn't get as hot as I'd like. Then there's the whole tipping the scales on the magnetic fields reading on my Trifield EMF meter issue...seems like the payoff isn't good enough for the risk.
664. This massager is ok - I can recline in my zero-gravity chair and it's pretty nice behind my low back, holds up to my weight but I can tell it's starting to struggle a little as opposed to another brand I have that doesn't give in at all. I also wouldn't advertise it as a neck massager - it's too wide for the neck. Scrapes the outline of the traps but that's about it, not bad on upper back. It's a one-trick pony but that's what these little massage pillows are. It's a 3.5 - pretty good, not great, and compared to another one I've reviewed, slightly underwhelming enough to not give it a 4.
665. So far the pills are fine and easy to take and thank you for the quick mailing them.
666. been using these for almost 3 weeks daily am time and I find myself having more energy for whatever I'm doing. (work, walkrunningbicycling) etc I like the fact that it's only two tablets per dosage. It's also very helpful in removing a lot of water they get to retain in the body which causes bloating. (excess water).You can take 2 tablets 1-3 times perday. I find (for myself) since I'm high energy and active that 1 time per day works. Find out what's best for you. No crash effect and you feel alert.
667. As the headline stated. After taking it while eating I felt less bloated stomach and face afterwards. You do feel more attentive and energetic but more focused. Will be buying a bigger bottle later on. Used it for 1 month. My only recommendation is take it with something, food or if its mid day a tiny snack not just liquids due causing an upset stomach. Its not painful or bothersome, it just feels warm.
668. I like this hair trimmer, it’s professional quality and better than any I’ve used before. My wife does my hair, she said it is very ergonomic and it work wonderfully. It is reasonably priced,  high quality and good value for money.Pros:- It’s light and works very well. - this thing still has plenty of power after just one full charge!- Easy to clean. Remarkably so. I’ve owned a few trimmers, and none have opened as well as this one to clean out the hair.Cons:USB cord is short.
669. This is a nice looking teal colored denture bath that is large enough to hold my partial denture. It measures about 2.9 x 3.5 x 3 inches and weighs only 2.2 ounces.  I like the color and the design. I use to have a denture bath which looked similar to this except for the size. It was a little smaller but sturdier than this. I lost it on one of my trips and had to buy this one. This is a little larger but plenty of space. I am sure you can fit both lower and upper dentures. It has a drain basket to discard the wash solution after use, and I wash the bath manually under warm running water. I am satisfied with this purchase.
670. Sometime I remember to write on a notepad to do something around the home or at work so that I don't forget, but never bothered to put a notepad on my nightstand. After seeing this cute little pad on Amazon.com, I ordered one for myself. The device has a cool feature that lights up when the pen is removed and lights off when pen is replaced. It has nice comfortable design and you can hold it pretty well while writing it. I have been using this for the last four weeks and I really love it. It is useful and reasonably priced. I have rated four-stars for its design and features.
671. I use essential oils by themselves before my yoga practice and typically choose ones not diluted in a carrier oil. Even then, the scent only lasts about ten minutes.This combination is just wonderful. Clean, fresh, uplifting and balancing.Great for men and women as it’s not floral.I put it on both wrists and found myself being drawn to its unique blend. There’s something really captivating about it: energizing yet soothing.
672. Very high quality product,. though I can't say the same for the pump mechanism, which broke at the top after the first use. It was still functional...just a bit less so.The lotion is emollient and rich without being oily. The scent is redolent of apples, and it doesn't linger after the first few minutes.
673. A friend of mine, who is a dermatologist, once said that petroleum jelly is one of the absolute best things you can use to soften and heal dry, cracked skin.I like the value here and the ease with which the top comes off and gently snaps back on.
674. These reusable paper towels are quite strong even when wet.  They make light work of messes and can be used over and over.  The texture is good for scrubbing dried on food off of the stove and counters.  I really like them.I do wish they had other color choices.
675. This toddler bedfootresthammock is a game changer.  You can tell the design was thoroughly thought out.  It is easy to setup so that you are not interrupting the passenger in front.  The material is lightweight and durable.  It's easy to store and small enough to place in your carry-on.  It even has a bottle holder and a non-slip back.Get one.
676. So it has USB-C charging, but doesn't come with the adapter - just the cable. It powers onoff easily, and takes just a little bit to warm up. The plastic strip needs to go from black to 'light', then it is ready to use. There are different modes, but I am still unsure how hot this thing gets. The instructions are written very poorly - you can tell English isn't the manufacturers native language.This does curl eyelashes, but just takes a minute to understand how to correctly use it.I would recommend PALAMELA Heated Eyelash Curler, Electric Eyelash Curlers.
677. This is one of the best cheap beauty tool that is on the market right now! It is very affordable and within the budget. It is a no frills device, just place it in the refrigirator and it actually works! It is alao portable and can be brought during travel! What I love about this is that it also has a container which protects it from bacteria while in the ref! It is very helpful in giving relief against sinus pressure. Also, it instantly lifts and freshens up a tired face! The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that I find it cost more than similar products in the market now. Recommending it though!
678. The first thing that I like with this brush is the color! It looks sleek in design. However, it is lighweight like an regular toothbrush and has smaller bristle heads you would think they are for kids. So it would really depend on your preference if you want those heavier regular or this. This would be good for kids though. Also, it comes with two boxes anda lot of extra heads. The originalcost seems to be pricey, also the sale price. But since you get two boxes with extra brush heads, it's a good value.
679. I like this pimple popper kit! I basically use to remove my whiteheads and blackheads. It is always part of my monthly regular beauty routine! It has effectively remove the blackheads on my nose! It has all the basic tools you need. Price is reasonable too! Love it. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because it arrive almost a month late.
680. What I like about this product is it comes with a teeth whitening pen and a desentizing serum esp for sensitive teeth like mine. The strips sticks well with the gums and there is a cooling effect. The results are comparable with the branded ones. I was confused though with how often you get to apply it. It says full 14 days treatment so that would mean 14 days consecutive days.
681. I have almost finished the first bottle and haven’t noticed any effect whatsoever. I’ll give it two stars for the healthy ingredients, but that’s it.
682. This roll on does give immediate help with hot flashes, but it doesn't last very long. I find myself needing to use it several times a day. It applies easily and has a light, pleasant scent.
683. My son has a varied, healthy diet, but as a toddler, the majority of the new foods I give him end up on the floor or in the trash. He particularly despises meat, so I looked for an iron-containing vitamin to make up the difference. These vitamins taste pretty good (I've tried them too), and my son claims they taste like candy. His most recent hemoglobin blood test revealed no low levels for him. He also keeps growing quickly, so it must be working.
684. This lotion is a gel and not a cream. It is transparent and is not thick. When you rub it on rough heels, it gives a slippery smooth feel. As the gel has aloe vera, the gel makes the skin soft and smooth. It has a subtle fragrance-- somewhat like litchi.  It is nongreasy and gets absorbed fast. The product doesn't say much about what a user should expect from the gel; I would say expect the skin to get smooth and soft each time you take a quarter size on your fingers. It leaves a hydrating feeling when you first out it and leaves a minty after-effect.Overall, the cream is great.
685. Product is as described. Arrived in a timely manner. I wish it said on the box where it was manufactured- I can’t find it. I think it may be covered up by the sticker
686. Kaizen’s Anti-Cellulite Massage Oil is packed full of wonderful ingredients to help your skin and beneath.POSITIVE• Excellent list of ingredients with no problematic additives• Many ingredients (lemon, grapefruit oils) included are known to break down fats and oils such as cellulite• Smell of included oils are delightfulNEGATIVE• The price is a bit high for the volume, but it’s not out of the ballpark of other massage oils.
687. The massager comes in a very nice decorative box.  Presentation is everything especially if giving as a gift and this was a definite plus about the massager.The massager is a high quality well made product.  It is made of ceramic.  However, I would be fearful of dropping it or sliding of my night stand and it breaking.  That may just be me and my clumsy self?The massager comes with detailed instructions.  It details the various sections of the tool and which sections target specific areas of the body and pain points.  The instructions are very clear and helpful.I tried the massager on several parts of my body using the printed instructions in the box.  I did not experience any type of therapeutic relief or comfort on any of the areas I tried.The product is high quality and well made, but for me I found no personal value in it.  Sensory products such as this are a very subjective item, though.  What one person doesn't like the next person may like?
688. Product arrived quickly. The product is exactly as it appears online. The colors shown in the photos are exactly the colors I received.The product comes in a plastic case for storage. The top of my case had a crack in it upon arrival. Not a big deal.Product works exactly like expected. Getting your pet to cooperate with something like this it’s easier said than done. Recommend starting your pet using a product like this as a puppy or kitten if possible to acclimate them.The material of the finger brush is quality plastic or rubber. It easily slipped onto my finger and more importantly stayed on my finger while using. It was easy to takeoff and easy to clean.There are two brushes connected for two different fingers. I am not sure why. In most scenarios I can’t imagine you would be able to stick both fingers in your pets mouth at the same time and use both of them. A one finger brush would be just fine.
689. I bought this product to try removing the soft peach fuzz on my face.  I've previously used a disposable razor and microblading tools and was looking for something that was more effective and efficient.I tried both the razor function and the epilator function.  The directions contained in the box were clear and easy to understand.  I appreciated that it came with paper instructions instead of many items now that do not and require you to watch a video online.  The paper instructions were much easier to take in my bathroom as I tried for the first time instead of my laptop and a video.I tried both functions on my arm first. The high speed of the epilator was a bit uncomfortable.  Tried on my face.  Tried the razor first.  Then changed to the epilator. I first tried on low and then on high.  Mistake!  The machine literally caught my skin in it when on high speed.  It cut the surface of the skin and left a mark like a cat scratched my face...see photo!  That was it…..I was done. No more!There are 2 detachable pieces to switch between depending upon whether you want to use razor or epilator mode.  They easily come off.  It's clearobvious how to align each piece and attach.Couple of notes:Onoff button is "stiff' to use.  It doesn't "glide" onoff.  Not a problem.  Merely fyi.Comes with batteries.  That was a plus, because it saved me a few more $$.The device is a bit "loud" in my opinion.  You could not discreetly use this product.Was difficult to use in the jaw line which is the area I most wanted to use it on.I will NOT be using this device again!  I will go back to using my inexpensive micro blading tools!
690. Love this lemon juice. Will use it forever!
691. Up until recently, it's been hard to find good vegan sources of D3. This is a powerful source of veggie D3 that packs double the punch of my usual supplies of vitamin D3. Usually, I find 5,000 IU to be the standard. I've read varying opinions about 5k+, and have heard that the body doesn't absorb larger amounts as well as 2k or smaller. The National Academy of Medicine lists the upper daily limit at 4,000 IU, though doses up to 10,000 IU have been found NOT to cause toxicity in healthy humans. For this reason, I won't be taking daily mega-doses of vitamin D. I will take these capsules once or twice a week in supplement to my daily multivitamin, which contains 100% of my daily supply of vitamin D. I like taking more, especially during the winter, as my health insurance does not approve vitamin D tests in healthy individuals my age.All that said, this is a good quality mushroom-based source of vitamin D3, formulated by a former Cleveland Clinic doctor. Recommended, and long-lasting if one takes once or twice a week as a supplement to daily multivitamins! I'm set for a year or two!
692. I love the sleek black color of this stretcher. There are no instructions in the package, but information is available here on the site. Google "cervical traction" and you will find examples, exercises, and more information. As always, make sure you are in communication with your doctor or chiropractor to make sure you're on the right path.The last neck stretcher I used was plastic with foam around it, and naturally the foam disintegrated over time. I appreciate this stretcher which seems to be a very dense foam. The sides seem to push on my occipital bones to encourage a stretch. I make sure that the base is right against my shoulders so those little points are in place. I only use for 10-15 minutes at a time, usually at the end of the day. This helps me regain curvature in my neck to compensate for my desk job. I love this particular model, and enjoy using it to relieve neck tension after work. Recommended!
693.  I really like how lightweight these clippers are! Also the directions in the book are very easy to understand! I think it’s also really cool that it shows you how much battery life is left! And I feel like it’s a really cool feature for the adjustable blade length as well! These do not seem to bother my dog at all!
694. Well-renowned probiotic for IBD other gastrointestinal issues.  Great because they are usually considered stable at room temperature, although sometimes they send them to you cold and then you think you have to keep them refrigerated.  Considering the relative low price, it seems like a good starting point on the road to recovery.
695. Organic is key here, because I think pesticides really stick on the skins of citrus fruits and would definitely be in an oil pressing.  More importantly, this is great to have around for food flavoring more than just diffusing.  Very versatile product that should not be offensive to anyone, which I can't say about all oils...
696. Almost the same, but perhaps not quite as thick, as standard dishwashing gloves you might get from the grocery store.  And maybe not quite as long in the sleeves as some others, either.  Regardless, they have plenty of great uses around house house, including working on the car.  Anything to cut down on the clean-up time.
697. For me, it only makes sense to throw some in to miso soup.  I normally put mushrooms in just about any variation of it anyway, so why not a little more?  Flavor profile works perfectly in that case, and does add some depth.  I like to get some flavor out of what I eat instead of just choking down a smoothie for vitamins, but there's a lot you can do with this, as I expected.  Wherever you want deep, earthy flavor and a little bit of extra health benefits (hopefully, but it can't hurt!)
698. Can't beat this on the purity.  I mean, this kind of ingredient really needs to be organic (etc.).  Not much I can think of to do with it except add it into smoothies, but I'm a firm believer that a varied diet is a good diet.  Simple kefir and fruit smoothies are a good vessel for this - and good for health!
699. The most important thing to remember is that these won't be a miracle cure if you always eat deadmanufactured food.  If you eat real food, I think these can be restorative if you've been recently forced to take antibiotics or if you are otherwise &#34;out of whack&#34;.  Start feeding your microbiome (through these and natural living), and lets stop the spread of Western diseases!
700. I try to wash my face very infrequently when possible because overwashing just gets it to produce more oils.  But when I need to remove makeup or I will wash my face anyway (shower), I really like this wash.  It seems completely natural, gentle, and I don't feel it chipping away at my microbiome.Seems to be a health- and eco-conscious product.
701. I am a repeat buyer of this item. I love how it makes your lashes stay on all day long and it is super clear and does not clog up.
702. This supplement gave me a boost to focus better and a bit of mental clarity. Easy to swallow and so far no side effects. Good quality supplement.
703. Pretty nice device and my face felt relaxed after the massage. Took me a minute to figure out of to use this device but after the learning phase went into action. Got my face muscle to relax and did a bit in the neck also. Take a while to get used to this device but is worth it. Good quality and came in a nice box.
704. Fits ok? It feels a little big for me but to use it in the house I have no issues. The shoes come with a shoelace that can be adjusted with a cord lock and that help with the size issue. The battery? It’s very easy to place the battery inside the shoe pocket and secured it with the zipper. It’s comfortable? Yes, a bit but still have the feeling the shoe is a little bit big for me. How about the Heat? The heat did not felt that strong just enough to warm your feet. I guess that’s a good thing to avoid sweat in this type of shoe. The material? Looks ok but is not waterproof at all that’s what I mention about interior shoes. The shoe feel soft in the inside and kinda wabbly in the back of the shoes. In general I like this shoes to chill in the house but I wish the heat was a bit stronger.
705. The material of this toothbrush feels cheap and light but the performance was good. I think this toothbrush is more to use outside the house like in an office or traveling. It's portable by that I mean it's a smaller size than my regular toothbrush. The power was good and cleaned my teeth well.
706. This brush has pretty firm bristles, almost too firm - I am afraid sometimes that I might break the skin of more tender items, like tomatoes. Although the ring is nice for grabbing, it would be easier to use if the bristle area was straight.
707. The adhesion of the pads is very strong and will have to be removed using water if its too strong.  The smell is not offensive.  Will make nice gifts as well.
708. I ordered this roller to hopefully calm the rosacea that occasionally inhabits my face.I have to say it really helped relieve the redness and soreness that usually accompanies an outbreak.It worked great. It offers such relief.In the freezer for 24 hours and ready to go. I was afraid it may be too cold, but it feels great.I'm not sure what is in the roller head, but it doesn't feel like a big piece of ice on my face.Obviously, it's nots a great idea to put this roller directly in the freezer where you store all your food. So, the case is awesome. Very glad it was included.For me and what I use it for, it's great.  Five stars all the way.
709. All the formulas are easy to use. Unlike other pens, they aren't overnight ones so you do have to time it and remember you started.Results aren't mind-blowing but there are results so great
710. This seems to be a well-formulated probiotic for women. I have been taking it for about a week and I think that it has been helping me, along with the other digestive enzymes, pre and postbiotics that I take. It's hard to quantify exactly how much, but it does seem to help with my digestion issues that come with post viral inflammation.
711. I really like that this brand takes a broader approach to skincare, by including supplements as well as topical products. This biotin supplement blend has a lot of other vitamins that are also really great for hair, skin and nails. Personally, I take a lot of supplements, and I can find juggling supplement blends to be a bit of a hassle. But I wanted to give this brand a try all the way around, and I do think that this is a great blend for people who don't take a lot of supplements. Overall, I like it.
712. This is a supplement in powder format that you mix with water. The mixing process isn't totally smooth, there are generally little clumps in the water. But it doesn't really bother me that much; I'm just trying to get it down quickly anway. There is a taste, but it's not anything terrible, and is pretty easy to get down. As to the results, I can't tell at this point if this has changed my digestion. But I do find the research very interesting, and will continue to see how things progress as I continue to take this each day.
713. I was a little concerned when I first received this, as the powder alone does smell kind of funky. But I found that I was able to mix it in with my coffee or tea with no discernable tastesmell. I like that this contains a lot more diverse types of collagen than more normal collagen powder. I like that this product is sustainably sourced. And I really like that this brand takes a holistic approach to skincare that includes supplements, which I feel are so important. I've been using a few of their products now, for a couple of weeks, and feel like I am receiving the benefit of their synergistic approach.
714. I really like the idea of this device. The vibrations themselves are soothing. But because I purchased this to help with long haul covid issues (which stem, to my understanding, at issues with nervous system regulation), I didn’t consider the fact that one of my symptoms is scalp pain. And when I’m experiencing the scalp pain, the location of this device can be somewhat aggravating. In addition, I had a hard time getting it to rest comfortably behind my ears. It had a tendency to move off of my left ear in particular. I’m not sure if it’s not as suited to certain headear shapes.I did find the vibrations to be comforting, but it was offset by the discomfort of the pressure on my head (aggravated by long haul scalp pain and proclivity to headaches).Another issue was that, for a product like this; I would like to use it more than 2x a day. One charge lasts about 4 sessions, so it requires frequent recharging if you want to use it more regularly. And also, using it more regularly, I felt more discomfort from the pressure on my headears. So not an ideal device for frequent use.I only ended up using it a few days before deciding to return. I really like the idea, and I did enjoy the sensation of the vibration, but it wasn’t well-suited for my needs at this time.
715. The gloves are thin and comfortable to wear. The palms have grips strips so if you’re wearing when biking or during any sort of activity, you don’t have to worry about losing your grip. I ordered a medium and probably should have gotten a small. They are a little big on me and I think I’d prefer more compression to help with the stiffness in my fingers. I spend the majority of my day working on the computer and I’ve been wearing these while I work without issue. Others I’ve tried have been heavier and have interfered with typing. They provide some comfort, but as stated, I think tighter is better, so if you’re on the fence, order a size down.
716. I found this to be more cooling than anything, making me think I’d prefer using it in the summer. It’s a thin gel with a sort of floral scent that provides a couple of minutes of slickness to help with massaging feet and legs, but it starts to feel a little sticky after that, then is quickly absorbed. I didn’t find it to be very moisturizing. There wasn’t enough stickiness left on my feet to bother me, but I did want to wash it off my hands after using.
717. Both my husband and I add protein powder to our daily smoothies. We’re not vegan, but use vegan and whey protein interchangeably. We’ve tried a lot of different brands and flavors over the years, but this was the first time we’ve tried one with Blue Sprirulina as a base. Since we mix with a smoothie there are other ingredients to mask the taste of the protein, and in this case, that was a good thing. Neither of us much cared for the taste of the protein on its own, and even mixed with the smoothie, the taste was noticeable. The texture, too, was unappealing. It’s quite chalky, more noticeable on its own, but it definitely changed the texture of the smoothie. As a couple of other reviews have mentioned, our container also arrived with the inner seal partially loose. I do like the limited ingredients and the fact that there is no sugar added. Still, this isn’t a protein powder we’ll choose again.
718. Very cooling and soothing, but almost to the point of being too strong. Provides relief almost immediately.
719. I’ve been making my own laundry detergent for years, and the base of that detergent is washing soda and borax. This order comes with 5 pounds of each, packaged in plastic bags with resealable zip tops and a plastic scoop in each bag for measuring.The products are good, seem comparable to what I usually buy at the grocery store. My only issue is the plastic. What I usually buy comes in cardboard boxes. Since I make a lot of detergent at one time, the boxes are emptied and discarded. For me, having a resealable bag isn’t necessary. It’s also not necessary I get a plastic scoop in each bag. I use measuring cups; don’t need a scoop. I’m trying to make an effort to cut down on the amount of plastic I bring into the house, so would prefer to see this packaged in cardboard.Otherwise, I’m very happy with the quality of the product.
720. Over the past eight months, I’ve tried a few different neck traction pillows. I’ve found they are all quite similar and accomplish the same goal, with only slight variations in design. This one, like most others, is made of a hard foam with just the slightest bit of give when you rest your head on it. It’s possible to use the pillow in either direction, one way providing a more gentle stretch, the other, a more intense stretch. This pillow does not have the bumps and nodes that some others have which are supposed to provide some acupressure and massage to your neck, though I can’t say that they make much of a difference for me. This pillow does, however, have a softer cushion in the center that makes it a little more comfortable on the back of my head. It's a very nice feature.If you’re new to this type of device, go slow. When I first used one of these pillows, I could only lie on it for a few minutes at a time, but have worked my way up to 10-15 minutes twice a day. I also recommend starting with the side that gives you the more gentle stretch. For me, using a device like this has provided quite a lot of relief to my neck and shoulders that tend to carry a lot of tension since I sit at a computer all day.If you’re looking for an alternative to medication for some relief for back and neck pain, this is definitely worth a try.
721. I was very pleased with these rinse-free bath cloths by Nurture. They are larger than I expected, thick and soft. With just a little bit of water and a couple squeezes, they produce a nice lather that for me, was enough to wipe my entire body. The lather isn’t so thick that you feel you need to rinse, and it dries comfortably without feeling sticky or stiff. These are handy for camping, for travel, for those who are ill or recovering from surgery, or for a gym bag. Very versatile, very easy to use.
722. This is easy to apply with a convenient roller applicator bottle. The gel has a strong menthol smell, much like IcyHot or similar products. It goes on wet, takes a few minutes to dry, and the smell lingers, though personally I like the smell of it. A few minutes after applying to my lower back, I started to feel the icy cool sensation that brought some relief to the ache in my back. The feeling lasted a few hours, after which time I reapplied. My tight back was loosened and less achy after using the hemp gel. How much of the relief is due to the hemp and how much to the other ingredients I don’t know, but I have friends who swear by the relief they experience using hemp products. Being that this product is made in the USA from all natural ingredients, I’m happy to use it over some of the other not-so-natural products I’ve used in the past. If you’re looking for relief from mild to moderate aches, I recommend giving this a try.
723. The minty eucalyptus scent of this room spray has a wonderful, fresh scent. Just a few spritzes freshens an entire room, and the fragrance lasts a long time. The bottle has an easy to use pump sprayer that emits a very fine mist. There is a toggle switch that enables you to lock the sprayer until you’re ready to use it. The mist will dampen the surface on which it falls, but I didn’t notice any slipperiness or stickiness where the mist fell. The label touts several things such as pure and natural essential oils, being free of solvents, petroleum derivatives, and artificial dyes or colors, and the fact that the spray is pet friendly and vegan. What the labeling does not have is a list of ingredients. No where on the bottle or box, or even online, could I find a complete list of what’s in the spray. I would like to know. Calling it “pure and natural” is fine, but I feel this should be backed up with an accurate listing of ingredients. Also odd is that there is no mention on the bottle label of what scent is inside the bottle. Aside from a sticker attached to the box, the scent isn’t on the outer packaging either. Perhaps it’s a new product and the packaging and labeling will change with time.Assuming there are no potentially dangerous ingredients lurking in the formula, this is a spray that I would recommend for freshening your home with (hopefully) natural ingredients.
724. I have tried a few different versions of neck traction devicesneck stretchers and have found they all are quite similar with some slight variations in size and design.This one is slightly smaller than others, something that works well for me at 5’-4”. Like the others, it is not soft despite what it may look like. The foam is very hard, as it’s intended to be, in order to support your head and neck and to provide a thorough stretch. There are also some “pressure nodes” on the device which are really just bumps in the foam but are positioned to provide a bit of acupressure and massage while you’re lying on it. Personally, I don’t notice the bumps, but it’s possible they’re doing their job.If you’re new to this type of neck device, know that it takes a while to get used to it. When I first started, it was quite painful, and I managed only a couple of minutes at a time. Now, I use it once or twice a day for about ten minutes at a time. The benefits are immediately noticeable as it relieves the tension in my neck and shoulders that always develops after a day spent at my computer.This particular device, unlike others I have used, comes with a zippered carryingstorage bag, as well as an eye mask and ear plugs. None of these are crucial to the neck traction device, but are nice extras. Some reviewers noted a bad smell when they received their device. I had no such issues with mine.If  you’re looking for a way to relieve neck and shoulder pain without resorting to medication, this is definitely worth a try.
725. Mellygova Bathtub PillowThis bath pillow is very thick and soft with a mesh covering that helps it dry fairly quickly. There are six suction cups to keep it secured to the tub; two  on the rounded top part, four on the larger, lower part. I found that with my free-standing tub which does not have much of a lip on the back, rather it’s just straight, the top part didn’t hold very well. Still, I was able to sort of flip it over the back and use it as a headrest, as intended. The pillow is going to fit different in different shaped and styled tubs, so you’ll have to find what works best given your situation.That said, the pillow is very comfortable and provides plenty of cushioning against the back of the tub, making for a pleasant bath experience. I have used inflatable bath pillows in the past, and they can’t hold a candle to this type of pillow as far as comfort goes. There is a hook on one end of the pillow and if you hang it after use, it drains and dries well. There were no strange smells, loose threads, weak seams, or any other defects with the pillow. There also were no care instructions included, but on the Amazon product page, it says the pillow is machine washable. I haven’t tried that, and may not unless it gets really dirty, but hopefully the claim holds true.This is a good choice for a comfortable, smaller bath pillow.
726. Years ago, I always used toner but lately, I’ve kind of gotten away from them as so many dried out my skin. Since I’ve started using Vitamin C serum, when I saw this Vitamin C toner I decided it was time to give toner another shot. It’s been a nice complement to the the Vitamin C serum. The toner feels light on my skin, it has a faint but pleasant citrus aroma, and it does not dry out my skin. I use it after washing my face and before applying the Vitamin C serum. It comes in a spray bottle which is new to me, but that I’ve found I kind of like for ease of application. It seems I’ve found a product to add to my skin care regimen!
727. This set of dental tools comes in a metal case and includes six different tools. Four of the six are scraping or pick tools, one is a mirror, and the other a large tweezers. I’m not a dentist or hygienist and honestly I have no idea what to do with several of these tools, including the tweezers??, but the scraping tools work very well for my intended purpose which is to clean my teeth between dentist visits. I don’t like the feel of plaque and tartar building up on my lower front teeth, and with these tools, I can gently remove some of it to keep my teeth feeling clean and healthy. The tools are weighty, made of quality stainless steel, and for a non-professional like me, are perfect, especially given the low price.
728. 3 Andrews - Boot WaxThis stuff resurrected a pair of hiking boots that I love, but that definitely had seen better days. The boots were scuffed and dried out looking, but now look almost new. I used a rag to rub a little of the leather conditioner into the boots, let it sit for a few minutes, then buffed with a clean cloth. The boots look darker than they did before treating them, but probably like they did when they were new. Scuffs and scratches disappeared and the boots look incredible. Give it a try if you have leather you think is beyond help…you’ll be surprised!
729. PerseveranX Shoe InsertsThe shoe inserts arrived in a plain pink box and included no instructions. Not that instructions are specifically needed, but I found it kind of odd there was nothing but the box and the pads. There are enough for two pairs of shoes. Upon seeing the thickness, I was afraid they would make my shoes too tight. I was pleasantly surprised when I put on my shoes and they felt comfortable; a little tighter, but still comfortable. The information provided on the product page does warn that the inserts will take up some space in your shoes and recommends buying up a shoe size. This isn’t going to help if you already have the shoes.The inserts do exactly what they claim to do in that they relieve some of the discomfort to my feet when I wear high heels. I didn’t notice that my feet were any hotter or sweatier than they would have been without the inserts (it was a very warm day). My only complaint is that with open-sided shoes, the blue foam shows. I’m not sure how long the cushioning effect will last until the pads have to be replaced, but so far, so good.
730. This is the second neck traction pillow I have tried. While they are very similar and accomplish the same goal, this one is a bit softer and has a bit more give than the other one I tried. Personally, I like this one better. At 5’-4”, I think this one fits me better. I’ve had my family members try both, and they had different preferences. My son, who is a foot taller than me at 6’-4” preferred the “harder” one. From that, I have to surmise that being taller, with a longer neck so his head falls back farther, the firmer one is better suited to taller people, but I also have to believe the decision is going to be highly personal.As far as the results, I’m extremely pleased with the noticeable improvement in my neck and shoulder pain. Since I work all day at a computer, I always seem to have tension in my neck. If I take a break and use the traction pillow a couple of times during the day, the relief is immediate. It does take some getting used to, I found it quite uncomfortable at first and had to gradually build the amount of time I could lie on it, but it’s much more natural now and I look forward to my few minutes on it.If you’re looking for an inexpensive, medication-free way to relieve some neck pain, I highly recommend giving this neck pillow a try.
731. Smells so good you don't need to wear perfume!
732. These adult diapers are soft and comfortable to wear, also quite absorbent.  My only issue is that the cute design looks like baby diapers.
733. We've used Wellements baby stuff for a while now.  This syrup is typical of their quality of products.  We always watch for side effects and haven't had any bad reactions.
734. It fits on top of our round toilet seat.  It works like the sitz bath tub I brought home from the hospital years ago. I add salts to help relieve hemorrhoid pains.
735. We like that it came with a glove to protect your hand from getting burned.  It does warm up fairly quick.My daughter has long, thick hair, which made it time consuming to use this because we were worried about burning her hair if we kept it on one spot too long.  You have to use it in very small sections of thin layers.  The swivel cord made it easy to just angle and brush where she needed it.Overall, it works.
736.  Used it once daily for 2.5 weeks and lost 14 inch each from waist and hip belly areas (no change in exercisediet).  It also helped with relief for my neck and upper back pain after a long day at work.It gets very slightly warm towards the end of a session, not hot like a heating pad.Based on their site, this item has ISO9001,ISO13485,CE,FCC,ROHS certificates.The lighted panel is 21x5 inches, so you'll need two sessions for larger areas.The control panel is inconveniently placed if you wear it on your waist; had to set it up before putting it on.  The indicator lights are blurry, so you have to look closely to know which level it's on.You can't choose which wavelength (660850nm) to use. It's always both.Changing the timer setting turns it off, so you have to make sure to turn it back on after setting the timer.The battery pocket is all velcro, and not very big (3.75x4.25 inches flat).You need to purchase 12V battery pack for portability; regular power banks won't work as it needs a lot of power.Easily folds for storage and portability.No eye protection included; although not necessary, they do caution you not to stare directly or treat near eyes.
737. It comes with hoses and suction attachments that you have to put together in order to use it.  The suction gets diminished having to go through the long hoses.  We had to put it at level 10 just to get the snot out of the toddler's nose.It works, but it's a lot of work to use and clean.
738. tastes and looks like roast coffee (or a chicory blended coffee).  Very subtle fragrance profile.  Unclear how much placebo effect is manifested in these types of products and hard to compare it to impact other teas (blue lotus, or Pukka night time) for me.  All have been equally helpful in mellowing down ( I tend to have calls till 11 pm on most days).  At over a $1.5 per serving, will be part of the rotation if I see a significant improvement over my other teas.  After a week of use, seems promising.  But need to see if the body adapts and the effect just peters away.  Blue lotus has been so far the best for me.
739. while packaged attractively and according to the company website - all organic ingredients, it is not clear how much evidence there is for the long-term (or short term) effectiveness of the aromatherapy blends.  This particular blend is heavy on ginger but dissipates very quickly.  While no doubt the initial whiff provides a positive awakening energy, it doesnt linger long enough to be able to notice significant change in mood or any symptoms.  Unsure if at this price point, it provides significant advantage over using one's own blends in diffusers.
740. I received this set undamaged and in good working order. I tried the different heads included, and have to say that it definitely works as intended. You are using electricity, so please follow all safety guidelines and do not use it for things it was not intended. Much like a tens unit, this unit sends current into the skin. At its lowest settings, you merely feel a slight pleasant vibration. I lack the courage to try it at its highest setting because it would surely give a pretty significant jolt. In between those extremes, there are several settings that create a good working base for a variety of uses. For instance, it gives instructions on aging or delicate skin, when applying serums, and when trying to alleviate pain.The booklet is pretty clear on its warnings, suggestions, and instructions. The box it came in has a magnetic closure, dense foam to cradle the different FRAGILE glass heads, and the unit itself. It will take some experimentation with to find the optimum level of comfort and efficacy.
741. This did not clean my teeth better than my electric toothbrush. I can feel it. Alas, I still gave it a few days and nights to see how my teeth feel.I will be sticking with the electric brush as the bristles can actually get in between my teeth. This is a dense brush and I can see why they call it the cloud toothbrush on instagramFB. It is really soft, so for those with very sensitive gums, try this. It's worth checking out to see if it helps you.I also felt kind of nasty thinking about how I'd get this completely clean if I continue using it for the full amount of time, as it seems food could easily get trapped in the dense bristles. It does have a textured back which I assume to be a tongue cleaner, however it's useless. Each brush is in it's own container with breathing holes, however those are also very flimsy so if you get this knowing you'll love it, I would grab a toothbrush case separately.Basically felt like I was brushing with a sponge.
742. I noticed the little notches on these razors were thicker and as long as the blade itself, which caused snags as I shaved my face. I am going to try this with oil instead of moisturizer next time. I got a couple tiny dots of blood from the razor not being sharp enough to glide rather than drag across the skin. If you are very slow, very careful.. you may have a better outcome. I do love that they fold into their nesting place for safety though! And like I said, I'll continue using them but perhaps with oil.
743.  I'm only allowed to attach 1 video per review, so check out the pulsation mode video I posted! The regular mode is what I've been using and I'm waiting to grab some distilled water so I can use the nasal irrigator.I'm going home for a wedding next month and I don't wanna bring my regular water flosser, so this thing is a Godsend! My only complaint is the water resevoir could be tighter because if you tilt it, water can spill out. One fill up is just enough to floss your entire mouth. I have only used on level 1 because I can tell the other modes might be too strong for me. You might like em though! It's pleasing to the eye and I love that it came with a carrying bag. For sure recommend this for anyone with a small space or who travels often.
744. Pro:Appears to be well madeWorks well to shave my headOther attachments are a good bonusCons:Cannot think of any !!
745. Pro:Secure fitComfortable to wear4 LayersCons:Cannot think of any !!
746. Pro:Magnetic closure works wellWell madeGreat valueCons:Cannot think of any !!
747. Pro:Works well to dry my hairAppears to be well builtI like the adjustmentsCons:Cannot think of any !!
748. Pros:Easy to setupNice steamMy face feels great after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
749. Pros:The scent is greatI like the consistency of the oil when applied to my skinMy aches in my arm feels lessen after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
750. Pros:I like the scentFeels like a high-quality oilI am able to sleep after using thisCons:Cannot think of any !!!
751. Pros:-it is Eco-friendly-100% cotton so it is easy to wash and soft on my skin.-Works well as a makeup remover.- It is easy to wash and reuse.Cons:Cannot think of any !!!
752. I got this for my wife who was in the process to quit smoking.  She said the setup for this device was straight forward and the app is easy to use. The device is accurate, if she had a cigarette, the CO 2 numbers would be higher. For her, the CO2 number was a clear reminder of the progress that she was making. Overall she recommends this as it helped her quit smoking.
753. My girlfriend is very particular about skincare and does the 10- 15 min daily cleansing morning and night, she told me she was interested in trying this product. After using this product I can see that she does not have any redness on the skin anymore. Her acne seems to have disappeared. She says she also uses it to remove make-up and it comes off very easily. After using the product she says she feels for skin is soft, smooth, and clear. She said she would recommend this product.
754. I thought this would be a great set, and I'm always looking for good clippers so I ordered this set.Straight out of the package the case was very sticky.  I used a lens wipe to clean it off and it worked admirably, but...I shouldn't have to.There is quite a lot in this set, but the nail clippers (the standard on how I judge a nail care set) both left my nails a little rough and frayed after using. The nail file was fine, but the other tools seemed a little rough. I wouldn't necessarily want them going under my nails or pushing back my cuticles...The "ear digging" tools (description made me laugh) are self contained in a little tube with a screw on top. That is nice that you can isolate them.The heavy duty toenail clippers was the best of the lot. They worked well and didn't leave my toenails jagged.So, this is a cheap quality, functional nail maintenance set. There are better ones out there for a better price (I know, I have a couple). I wouldn't choose this set again, and I wouldn't feel comfortable giving as a gift. I'd give it away but not as a gift if that makes sense.
755. I would rate 5***** except who can really verify absorbency?  The pepper extract is necessary for the curc to be absorbed usefully in the body.  Curc it's self has so many benefits that the list goes on & on.  We take it for the help with inflamation, joint support,, and general body well being.  Actually have been taking for over a year and believe whole heartedly in it.  Please do some research and find the benefits that can really help you!
756. Started taking for fatigue and all the other benefits attributed to chlorella.  i didn't have a problem swallowing but some might as these are just basic gelatin type capsules.  I chose this brand specifically because of what the company does for the elimination of plastic debris and concerns over our world..The fact that they also are known for good products sealed the deal.  No gluten, sugar, corn, soy!!  Advise checking to see if will affect yr meds!!
757. I have no idea what Bilberry does so let me say that first!  We take these for general eye health and vision issues such as night blindness affected us ppl who are older :).  The Lutein and the Zeaxanthin were both recommended by our eye dr.  There are 60 in this bottle so it gives a one month supply to us.  Both are made from marigold extracts!
758. This is a good kit that has the heavy duty metal rasp and the finer sandpaper type on the 2 sided tool.  My husbands feet get cracked on heelscalluses during winter and mine more so in summer from wearing sandals..This is the perfect thing for using in the shower or just sitting down and taking care of yr feet.  The nail brush also included, is used almost every day and really is handy to have.
759. I normally wouldn't rate tissue but these are fabulous!  Should've gotten earlier in the year!  These are so soft and heavy(?) wmoisturizing.  Soon as you touch one you will feel the difference, seriously.  Absorbent and can also use to take off makeup..especially that old mascara under yr eyes :).  These come in cube boxes which are better suited to my house and how many ppl need a box in their rms.  Getting 1 big box at a time is a time & my energy saver..$ too in the long run.  Could of used these for our summerfall allergies, poor noses!
760. I'm hoping for the benefits claimed, time will tell.  I have used in several dishes and as far as I know, no one has exclaimed over the taste.  I am careful in amounts added and cautiously optimistic about results.
761. We were taking just the Lutein for our eyes and found this which has more beneficial ingreds for our "older" eyes :)  The Lutein helps a lot but didn't know that Vit A, Zinc, Taurine, etc, were helpful also.  Just switched and as always with vitamins & stuff..you always hope for true results!
762. This was the first time I ever tried soylent.  For $34 I thought it would be a good way to try it.  It is a bit bland but great for the drive to work in the morning.  From now on though i will be getting the pouches as that is a bit cheaper.TLDR: Soylent is good, this is a bit expensive for volume but a good way to try the powder for not much to see if you like it.
763. Love love love this mask!  All my previous sleep masks have had the classic Velcro band that goes around your head. Well, I just must have some abnormally large head because after about a month the band would stretch out. So, I would tighten it and it would stretch again. Eventually I would get to the last small piece of Velcro that could still hold on. However this created another problem. The rest of the Velcro would then get tangled in my hair. NOT WITH THIS MASK! Someone finally had the great idea to use adjustable ear loops instead! I am so happy!  This mask also has a smooth silky cool side, and a warm side. The only think I would change would be to  raise the material where the eyes are. I don’t like having the material press down on my eyes. However, I will deal with it because the good outweigh that small inconvenience. Love it!
764.  I've tried laser treatment on my legs recently so I had to shave my legs with razor. Few days later new hairs showed up. They were not too long for waxing treatment that's why I've decided to try an epilator. Honestly, I was very skeptical because I couldn't believe that epilator can catch such small hairs. But it did! I will post before and after pictures so you can see how clear my leg was after using this epilator just for a few seconds! It removed my short hairs with the roots! I'm impressed! Definitely will be using it. It is lightweight so I will be taking it with me when traveling.
765. Soft, absorbent & such a great value. Would definitely recommend!
766. This is basically a heated pad with a removable shield to keep the heat in. It looks like carpet in the pictures, but it's a plastic like material. That's not a bad thing since it's easy to wipe off, but I wanted to note that it's not a soft carpet. The heat is concentrated in the center of the mat but my feet stay warm on the edges too with the shield on. It's a welcome addition to my chilly office.
767. If you're like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. No one wants to waste their hard-earned money! That's why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here's my thoughts...Pros: lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly & evenlyCons: absolutely none!
768. If you're like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. No one wants to waste their hard-earned money! That's why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here's my thoughts...Pros: lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly & evenlyCons: absolutely none!
769. This is comforting, wasn't into the music. It was nice that this came charged right out of the box so you could use it right away. Unfortunately, it has an older USB port.
770. Used this for the first time today, testing it and comparing to another powder brand I use which is more expensive.  figured I should try this one because it's cheaper than the other and the ingredients are pretty much the same. Wss hoping it could serve as backup to my natural deodorant which doesn't seem to be working well for  me anymore.The first thing that stood out to me was the scent. It's kind of lemony and also, somehow, chalky. If you've ever smelled Nubian Heritage Lemongrass and Tea Tree lotion, it's exactly like that. The texture of the powder is nice. It seemed to do a good job of keeping my armpits dry (in combination with a non-anti-perspirant natural deodorant) but the scent didn't last, and it didn't help keep away any odor. I think this could be a good anti-chafing powder, or something to use under huge breasts in hot weather.  Could be fine for babies, too. It's not terrible but I'm not fond of the scent and the other powder works better for me overall. I'll keep using this until I run out, but I'll go back to the other brand as soon as that happens. Also, I didn't realize this only came with 2oz of product.
771. This little guy is amazing!  I was a little worried at first with how soft they are for an exfoliator however these work wonderfully!  I love that it has a little pocket for you to put your fingers in. I feel like it allows for the perfect amount of pressure while using. It also comes with a little strap which makes it easy to hang. Love it!!
772. They are okay, but I won't buy them. And  I personally think it's better to buy a probiotic supplement. Rather than taking a chocolate infused with probiotics and is very over priced. It's not worth the amount.
773. I lovet this thing it definitely leave my mouth clean and I recommend it. It's easy to use and very powerful
774. This gat to be one of my favorites product for babies. It's easy to use and definitely gets the nasal passages open for baby. I recommend it
775.  I got this for my toddler who sometimes have a hard time to self sooth  at bedtime. This ball has a vibrating  press button that is removable it uses a battery (it doesn't  come with one) thou my baby is not fond of the vibration so I took it out. We have been using it and he has been doing excellent  at bedtime, I like it.I will suggest  removing  the vibrating  button if you are not using it, because  it's heavy and if you have more than one kid using it as a play throw ball you don't want the vibrating  button  hitting  your kids it's painful.
776. I can't directly  say how good this  works since  am nursing, I didn’t  realize it's not for recommend  for anyone  nursing or pregnant. But I have been giving it to my  son who is a picky eater and my sister  takes it and she claims it's been helpful  to her stomach. I have also noticed  less constipation in my son.For the benefits this gives the price is good.
777. This probiotic was just okay, nothing extraordinary, I also felt like it helped excess bloating . I took it as directed.
778. I opened the box and looked at this curler and then read the instructions.  Am I suppose to shove the end of my hair into the open end?  Does it pull my hair in and around the round device inside the hole?There are no instructions about how exactly to use this and there is only one picture showing end of hair in the open hole.  So I decided to try this out.  The music is cute but not really needed.Tried different ways of trying to get my hair in it and finally it pulled it in and stopped.  My hair was jammed around the inside.Now I'm sitting here and hoping it wasn't going to burn it before I can figure a way to get my hair out without cutting it.I just kept pulling while pushing the button.  After 10 mins I finally got my hair out of it.  Packed it up and won't try it again.I'll stick with a regular curling iron.
779. The pads on this are stiff where they don't form around my neck as it should.Have to pull the handles to get enough pressure on what it can press upon.Massaging on what I can feel are okay.
780. I don't like that it's stated as a massager and it's not.  MisleadingI do like the red light therapy with the heat that this device has.  I know red light therapy is great to help with circulation.  Have been using red light therapy for a few years now.  So, I like having a device specifically for my neck area.Does heat up nice and it's soothing.But, if you're looking for a massager, this isn't it.
781. I like that I can wear this tens unit even when I'm out shopping.  The main machine fits in my pocket easily.Setting it up is easy.  Just need to take the time to find the best mode and intensity to suit your needs.Some areas I can do stronger intensity while other areas a lighter tough is needed.This has so many modes to choose from.  I, personally, love the deep tissue.  Works great and feels so good on my back when I pull a certain muscle.Gives enough pads to last awhile.ONe of the better tens unit I've tried.
782. Wish they had something like this years ago when our dog had spine problems.  Spent a lot of money taking her in for red light therapy sessions back then.I saw this therapy belt and had to get it.  I know what red light therapy does and how much it helps the body repair itself or increase circulation.This therapy belt is so easy to use.  Comes with velcro strips so I can have it on my belly, around my shoulder, or on my back.  Longer velcro strip for larger areas.  Smaller strip for going around elbows, knees or ankles.I like that it has an automatic 20 minute shut down timer.  This way I know I'm getting the maximum benefit from this therapy belt but not over doing it.  It is comfortable to have on so it's easy to forget I do have it on and running.I'm doing this twice a day as recommended.  I want to see if this will help with my lower back pain.  I know it'll take some time for me to notice any changes in my pain level.This is so great to have!  And to be able to use it on my dogs too.  What a bonus that is.I've seen, first hand, how much red light therapy can help both humans and dogs.  And I'm excited to keep trying this and to always have it on hand to use after surgeries too for faster healing.
783. The first thing I love about this flat iron is that it's cordless!  It's so nice to slowly getting rid of all of the power cords in my bathrooms.The iron itself is nice.  Heats up fast.The only thing I don't like is the size of the heating plate.  I'm used to a longer one in my older flat iron so it's taking me a bit to get used to this one.Since I only straighten my bangs and every so often my entire head of hair, the charge will last me a long time before I need to recharge it again.Nice flat iron that's easy to pack up and take on the go.
784. Rarely do I rate a pain cream, spray, or roll on, high.  Some may help the pain a bit but usually not for long.I will say that this hemp roll on is good.  Yes, it does have a strong menthol scent but it's not overwhelming unless you roll half the bottle on your body.First thing I tried it on is the pain on the top of my feet.  Almost instantly the pain was gone.  I mean gone!Nothing has been able to take my arthritis pain away for as long as this roll on did.Next place I tried it on is my lower back.  I've been hurting so bad for the last 4 days now so I was willing to try anything.  I am sitting here right now with barely an ache in my lower back.  I rolled it on my lower back about 20 minutes ago.  Within 5 minutes I could feel relief.  How long will the relief last?  Not sure.  It depends on how much activity I do today I'm sure.It's not that expensive.  Can't guarantee that it will take away your pain completely but, I'm betting it will at least take that big edge of pain off.I'll be ordering more bottles of this for sure.
785. First thing I love is that it gets hotter than my other heating pads.  And then I love that it's stiffer so I'm able to brace it up when I'm sitting in a chair.Not exactly sure how the jade stone work but I like them.  They press into my back and deliver more heat into my sore muscles.Having the time and temperatures illuminated makes it easier for me to see at night when I'm having trouble sleeping and my joints are aching.Have never had an infrared heating pad before and I am really liking this one.Saves my settings.  Has auto shut off in case I forget I have it on.I tossed my other heating pad and am now using this one every single day.
786. I love how many different sounds and intensities there are.I personally love the rain.  I just love the sound of rain.  It's soothing and really helps me relax to fall asleep.So easy to use.  I do like that it charges up using a USB cable.On the nights when it's just too chilly to turn on my fan, I like that I can still have the sound of a fan running without the cold air blowing.A great sound machine that can be used by anyone in the family.
787. My old tens unit had just basic settings and intensities.  Plus all pads had to be the same setting.This tens unit is so different and so much better.  First of all it's so much lighter.  Easier to carry around so you can have it working even when I'm driving or working.I can also use 8 pads at one time if I need to.  I may hurt at times but the most pads I need are 4 to cover my sore areas.I'm still learning what all the pictures on the device actually mean.  The best way to learn is by just trying them all out to see what mode is best for you for a certain area and what intensity works the best.My first encounter with a stims unit or called tens unit is at a chiropractors office.  I would feel so good after going through a session.After that I had to have one and purchased my first tens unit about 15 yrs ago.  Haven't been without one since.These are so good with helping with my tension headaches.  I place the pads on my upper backshoulder blade area.  It really helps loosen the muscles and relieving my headaches.They're also great with lower back pain.  Pads placed on the lower back on each side of my spine and within about 90 mins I am feeling so much better.Driving also makes my back hurt.  I can have the pads on and running while I'm driving which really helps me sit for longer periods so I can drive longer distances.For any muscle ache on any part of your body, minus the chest area, and the relief is priceless.If you've never tried a tens unit, you really should try one out and see how good it feels after using one.I like this unit.  Comes with more pads than other units.
788. After having trouble finding replacement heads during the 2020 season, I am making sure we are fully stocked with replacement heads that will last this entire household an entire year.I like these brushes.  Brushes are soft and gentle on my teeth and gums.Love finding good value packs so was happy to find these.
789. With so many of us using sonicare toothbrushes, I am always looking for great value packs so we're set with replacement brush heads when they're needed.With just one person I replace the brush head at least 5-6 times a year.  Adds up to a lot of money.With nice value packs like this, I can save money.The brushes are nice.  Soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.Love the indicators on the brushes so I know exactly when I need to replace the head so I'm always getting the best brushing on my teeth.Love the value of these.
790. With flu season, cold season, and having covid still around, I like having extra toothbrush heads that I can switch out more than I usually do.I like these toothbrush heads.  They work perfectly on my sonicare.  Bristles are soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.  Love the amount of brush heads that come with this pack.  Great value
791. I take D3 and K2 every day.  I hate taking pills.  So, having both vitamins combined into 1 pill is such a bonus for me.Pills are small enough for me to swallow with ease.Nice size bottle that will last me for awhile.
792. Even being in the sun a lot, my blood work always shows me a little low on Vit D.I like these pills.  Nice and small to swallow.  Helps boost my Vit D levels so there's no concerns.I like the strength of these pills.  Plus the added benefits that coconut oil gives me.I'll continue taking these Vit D capsules for many years.
793. I like that these masks don't press against my mouth making it hard to breathe.  The material is nice and soft.  Very comfortable against my face.The elastic has the cord adjusters on them.  Makes it nice to loosen or tighten the elastic as needed to fit my face as it should.The elastic is comfortable against the back of my ears.  Not irritating at all.If I need to wear a mask, I like wearing these.
794. I change my brush heads all the time.  If we get sick, I immediately toss out the old brush heads and put new ones on once we're over the illness.Otherwise I change out our brush heads every other month.  So, it can get expensive.Great deal with these brush heads.  They fit the Oral B perfectly.  They aren't too hard or too soft.I like that I'm able to find cheaper brush heads that are compatible with the Oral B.
795. I thought maybe I goofed and these insoles were for a childs shoe.  They are so narrow and small.I put my heel in and the front part barely comes to the ball of my foot.  And so narrow that the edges are uncomfortable on the sides of my feet.Not worth the effort to even peel and stick them into my shoe.
796. I've only been taking these for a few days now.  I have noticed that I'm not doing my usual afternoon snacking.  Just don't want anything in the afternoon anymore.I do eat a light breakfast before I take the pills.It did take about 2 days before I started noticing my hunger going down a bit.If you can easily swallow pills then you'll have no problem with these.  If you have a gag reflex then these might be a little problem.  Pills are a little bit, in my opinion.Will try to do an update in a month.
797. After going to the store and getting on a Dr Scholls kiosk, I saw that the CF340's would be perfect for me.Since putting them into my shoes, I've noticed less lower back pain.I also suffer from knee pain so I'm hoping that these inserts will help with that also since I am on my feet almost the whole time I'm working.One thing I did learn when using inserts is to take out the shoe inserts before putting any other insert into the shoe.  This way your foot won't be lifted so high up that your toes are scraping the top of the shoe.  Since learning that little trick, I love Dr Scholls inserts.So much comfort on the bottom of my feet and it's really helped me with some of my body aches I've been having.I like getting the double pack.  Makes it so much easier putting a pair of inserts in both my shoes so I don't have to keep switching them from shoe to shoe every time I switch shoes to wear.
798. I stand all day at work and so got these to go in a pair of dressier shoes that I have to wear occasionally. My feet are slightly fatigued after standing on these all day, but it’s significantly better than the shoes by themselves. Would recommend.
799. This is a nicely compact nebulizer. The main unit is narrow and has a carry handle at the top. The noise level when operating is not bad. While it is not the quietest I've used by any means, the sound level is not grating either. That's especially welcome when using it with children.The main con for me are the attachments. They appear to be decently made but, when looking through the manual for tips on cleaning them, the manufacturer states that they are for single use only, and are designed to be disposed of after each use. Not only does that create a lot of unnecessary waste compared with units that have attachments that can be sterilized and reused, it also makes this unnecessarily costly to use.While the unit itself is not bad  the lack of sterilizablere-usable attachments puts my overall score at 2 stars. There are far better options available that don't create the waste and unnecessary cost that this unit does.
800. No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. It hits the mark for both potency (25 billion CFUs) and strain diversity (total of 10 strains: 8 Lactobacillus and 2 Bifidobacterium stains). The specific strains are listed on the bottle, but not the specific concentration of each.It delivers the 25 billion CFUs with a serving size of only 1 capsule (2 caps are the more common situation), making this bottle of 30 caps a month's supply.The downside is the price. There are a number of probiotic options that achieve the same (or sometimes better) potency and strain diversity at a far lower price for a month's supply.While the formulation is solid, the very high price puts my rating at 3 stars (average). Equally good options are available that are a much better value.
801. This type of cleaning format is outstanding for resource conservation. It comes in sheets that dissolve far more readily and quickly than the tablet format concentrates. The sheets are easy to cut (or tear) if you need a smaller amount for the task.While these sheets are positioned as a floor cleaner (and it works pretty well for that task) they can also be used as a general purpose spray cleaner. I use a sheet for a 32oz bottle, and the spray does a fine job for counters, sinks, and other general cleaning tasks. The scent is reasonably pleasant, but I would have preferred no scent as other sheets offer.There are some cons, however. First, the cost is higher than similar sheet-based concentrates, and the performance is no different than the lower cost options. Second, the packaging is not ideal for sheets. The sheets are somewhat delicate and must be kept totally dry in storage or they will dissolve. The sheets are packaged in a cardboard box in a single clump. Other manufacturers use a plastic box or, if a cardboard box is used, the sheets are divided up into smaller groups.Factoring in the cons puts my score at 3 stars. Although the sheet format is perfect for eliminating plastic waste and is easier to use than the tablet-based format, there are better sheet options available at a lower price.
802. This could be a useful mini razor for traveling. I say "could" since I can't say how well it shaves -- I was never able to get it to turn on. I initially thought it was shipped with a discharged battery, which is sometimes the case with rechargeable products. However, after letting it charge for a few hours, it still would not turn on. The shaver got rather warm while charging, and the charge indicator light turned on, but those were the only indications of life.The design is something I've not come across before. It's a rotary shaver, but the heads are arranged in a straight line. The heads are smaller than is customary on a rotary. The construction is all plastic and feels rather cheap. Still, it has some nice grip points and feels pretty good in hand. As a travel shaver, the lightweight nature and the smaller size could be plusses.Since it failed to turn on at all, the only rating I can give is 1 star. A shame, since I would have liked to see the shaving performance of the linear-arranged rotary heads.
803. I like the size of these boxes. They are small - the interior dimensions are 3.5 inches by 4 inches, and it's about 1.5 inches deep. It's a good size for items such as jewelry or other similar items. However, the build quality is so poor that these are pretty useless as gift boxes.It folds together like most gift boxes, with the sides held in by adhesive pads. However, the cut accuracy is poor, so the sides don't meet up well with the top (or each other). The magnetic flap will not hold shut. The carboard is thin and doesn't have a substantial feel. Instead of having a box that dresses up what's inside, this box cheapens the contents since it looks and feels so poorly made. And won't even stay shut!The cost is way out of range for such a poorly made gift box. It's not something I would recommend. One star.
804. No complaints at all about this silicone scar sheets. The material is nicely durable, and peels off the backing without issue. It adheres very well. I use this on the back of my hand and it stays put for the whole day without a problem. Despite the good adhesion it is not painful to remove and it leaves no residue behind.The size is well suited to small areas so that you don't need to waste any in trimming. The cost per inch (or foot) is quite good since this comes in a 120 inch (10 foot) roll. It stores well -- the roll I received in January 2022 has an expiration date of September 2024.I'm not sure of the country of manufacture. It is distributed by a French company, but it doesn't specifically state where it is made.No complaints. It's a good quality silicone sheet that works well and is a good value price-wise. Five stars.
805. This is a decent cooling muscle rub. It's a roll-on, so it's easy to apply even on areas such as my lower back. It's far less messy than the creamslotion formats. It goes on wet but soaks in fairly well, and doesn't leave a greasy residue behind, which is a major plus.The scent is menthol and, while it's clearly noticeable, it's not as strong as other menthol-based rubs I've used. It has more of a mintymenthol scent than a strong menthol-only scent. I would stop short of calling it an enjoyable scent, but it's at least non-offensive.The cooling performance is light but still effective. It takes a few minutes to build up the cooling. The cooling is not as strong or long-lasting as others -- I find that I need to re-apply this more often than other options.. Still, the lack of greasiness, lower odor, and the ease of application balance that out.The addition of hemp seed oil doesn't make a noticeable difference compared with formulations that lack hemp seed oil. That's to be expected since it does not contain CBD, but rather just hemp seed oil. It seems more like a marketing strategy to capitalize on the hemp trend (and justify a higher price) rather than an addition that actually impacts efficacy.The scent, ease of use, and non-greasy nature are all 5 stars; the cooling impact is 4 stars; the pricevalue is 3 stars. Overall rating of 4 stars.
806. These are OK fiber gummies. Each serving provides 5g of fiber, which is decent but not outstanding. Additionally, a serving consists of THREE gummies, so a bottle of 60 will last only 20 days. The taste is fine (sort of a berry-ish flavor mostly) but there's 3g of added sugar per serving (sugar is the second most common ingredient), which is rather high. The consistency is firm bordering on rubbery, and it sticks to my teeth, which is annoying.The fiber is from chicory root which is the usual go-to source for fiber in gummies. It uses natural flavors and natural colors, which is a plus.  The country of manufacture is not listed on the bottle, which can mean that it's not made in the US.Weighing all the factors (taste, formulation, serving size, cost, ease of use) puts my rating at three stars (average). It's not a bad fiber gummy, but it's not outstanding compared with other similar options that are available.
807. These probiotics hit the mark when it comes to strain diversity, with each capsule providing 14 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle label, but the specific concentration of each one is not. However, the mark of a good probiotic is both diverse strains plus a good potency. This falls quite short on the potency side, with each capsule providing only 3 billion CFUs. I find a minimum of 20 billion is what I need for good results (digestive and elimination benefits). As such, these don't hit the mark.However, for those who have difficulty tolerating high potency levels, such as younger children and the elderly, this is a decent option. The price is excellent for a 60 capsule bottle. While child-focused probiotics are usually chewable, these capsules should be small enough for most to swallow.As an general adult probiotic I'd give these 2 stars, but as a low-potency childelderlysensitive stomach probiotic, it's a 4 star option for the price. I'll average the two and give it 3 stars.
808. The overall fit and finish of these replacement heads is pretty good. They fit well on my Oral-B toothbrush without any wiggling or vibration during use. The bristles are soft, but not as soft as the Braun Sensitive heads. It's pretty close, however.What I don't care for is the bristle arrangement. The outer ring of bristles is raised above the inner bristles. They flare out in use and irritate my gums. It's not terrible, but it's enough irritation that I would not get these again, and probably won't use all of the 12.While the bristle softness is reasonably close the the Braun Sensitive version, the bristle arrangement makes them ill suited for those with sensitive gums. I'll give them three stars since, if you don't have sensitive gums, these are decent replacements at a very reasonable cost. However, if you're looking for a less expensive version of the Braun Sensitive, these are not ideal.
809. I'm pleased with these Vitamin C gummies. They have a light citrus taste that's very pleasant. The consistency is perfect -- soft enough to easily chew but not something that sticks to my teeth. The gummies are covered with granular sugar which keeps them from sticking to one another even in humid weather.The Vitamin C content is decent, with each serving of 2 gummies providing 240mg. That's not as high as other gummies, but for me, it's a good dosage level. The echinacea content is pretty low at 3.5mg per serving. Still, I use these for the Vitamin C so the echinacea is more like a bonus than something I find essential to have. The price is a little high but not out of range for a 60 count bottle.Overall score of 4.5 stars. I'll round up to 5 since I'm so pleased with the taste and consistency.
810. These are well-made mop heads. The microfiber center had zero loose or puckered threads, and the density of the microfiber was nicely dense for good pick-up performance. The fringe around the edge is stitched on well, and also did not have any loose or pulled threads. They fit and work well with many platform mops provided that the mop has Velcro on the underside of the platform to grip the pad.These work very well when dry mopping. The microfiber picks up and holds an impressive amount of dust, pet hair and other similar gunk. The fringe around the edge makes it easy to clean right up to the baseboard or, if used in the kitchen, at the cabinet toe kick area. It also helps ensure that the mop doesn't mar any chair legs or furniture if it gets bumped while mopping.The performance is not as good as a wet mop due to the fringe. That's not a problem specific to these pads, but occurs with any pad that has an outer fringe. It's certainly useable and effective as a wet mop, but a non-fringe mop head usually performs better.The set comes incased in a sealed plastic pouch which keeps them nice and clean during transit, and can also be used to keep them clean in storage.A very good mop head - five stars.
811. This is an OK, but not outstanding probiotic. The potency is rather low, with each capsule providing only 5 billion CFUs. That's more along the lines of a potency level for children rather than adults. On the plus side, it has pretty decent strain diversity, with 8 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle, but the specific concentration of each is not.In addition to the probiotics, it includes 3,000mg of cranberry. However, it's 3,000mg equivalent of fresh cranberries. Using a scale based on dried cranberry shows that it's 60mg of a 50:1 concentrate. All this info is on the label, so there's no issue with inflated potency levels, and it's a technique used by other cranberry supplements.The price is quite reasonable for a 50 capsule bottle. While the probiotic potency is not ideal, it's great to have the addition of cranberry, and the strain diversity is good. Factoring all those together puts me at 3.5 stars. A bit better than average, but not ideal.
812. This is an OK performing toilet anti-odor spray. The scent is rather weak compared with other similar sprays I've used, but it is reasonably strong. It's a generic floral scent -- not all that different from a general air freshener type of scent, but not bad. It's certainly better than the odor it helps mitigate.As with other similar sprays, you need to use it before the toilet is used for maximum effectiveness. It has limited benefits if used after the toilet is used. A fair amount is needed (4 or 5 sprays) for good results.Compared with other similar products this is not as potent, and just an average value at best. Three stars.
813. I'm not impressed with this toilet spray. The scent is quite modest, and it requires several sprays to produce any appreciable scent. The scent is has is more of a floralchemical type of scent than pear. In fact, if I didn't know it was a pear scent I would have not guessed it from how it smells.It does have some benefit as an odor preventer in the bathroom. The spray is used before the toilet is used, creating a film type of barrier to minimize odor. It does have some effectiveness in that regard, but other similar products I've used have far more scent to them (and a more pleasant scent as well).Since it does provide some benefits, I'll give it 2 stars. It is not, however, a toilet spray I would recommend.
814. No complaints at all about these probiotics. The potency is very good, with each capsule providing 25 billion CFUs (the recommended dosage is 2 caps per day for a total of 50 billion CFUs). The strain diversity is excellent, with a total of 14 strains. The strains are identified, but the specific concentration of each is not. It also includes a small amount (5mg per capsule) of a prebiotic (FOS) to help with probiotic establishment. The bottle I received in May 2021 has an expiration date of July 2022.It hits the mark for both potency and strain diversity, and the price for a 60 capsule bottle is quite reasonable. Performance has been very good for me, and I've not had any stomach issues (such as gas or bloating) when taking them before a meal. Very pleased, and a solid 5 stars.
815. This toilet spray does do a good job of killing odors, and is quick and easy to use. The scent, however, is just OK. Granted, pretty much any scent is better than the scent this is meant to cover up, but the Sea Salt scent is more floral than I was expecting. It's an OK scent, but not 100% to my liking. The other issue I've had is that the sprayer doesn't always spray properly. Instead of a mist, it sort of splatters the liquid at times, making a bit of a mess unless your aim is perfectly true. It's only happening with one of the containers, so it seems that the sprayer is defective. Given the price point, better quality sprayers should have been used.The scent plus the sprayer issue lowers my score to 4 stars, but it's otherwise a decent product that does what it says it will do.
816. No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. Each capsule has 30 billion CFUs, which is an excellent potency for a single capsule. There are a total of 10 different strains, which is also excellent. However, while the strains are listed on the bottle, the specific concentration of each is not.However, while this hits the mark when it comes to potency and strain diversity, it's a bit overpriced for what you get (30 capsules, which is a month's supply using the suggested dosage of one cap per day). Other similar good potency and good diversity probiotics are available for a lower per-month cost, and often include ingredients that this does not, such as prebiotics.Five stars for the formulation; three stars for value; overall rating of 4 stars.
817. No complaints about these replacement brush heads. The bristles are a medium soft -- a bit harder than the Braun ultra soft, but not as firm as the regular heads. Although I prefer an ultra soft bristle, these have not irritated my gums even though they are a bit firmer than I normally use.They fit fine on my Oral B, without needing to force them on or have them be too loose. The fit is as good as the Oral B heads.These are packaged very well. Each brush is individually sealed in a plastic wrapper, plus it has a plastic cap to keep the bristles from deforming while they are in storage. The set of 8 come in a cardboard box. It's a much better way of packaging them than the usual blister packs for both ease of use, as well as protectionkeeping them sanitary while they are in storage for use.All in all, a good alternative to the brand name brushes.
818. No complaints about this turmeric supplements. It has a decently high concentration, with each capsule providing 600mg of turmeric, 50mg turmeric extract (95% curcuminoids) and 5mg of black pepper (with the latter essential to ensure good uptake of the turmeric). The suggested dosage is 2 caps per day. I use this for arthritis inflammation relief, and take 3 caps for the dosage I need. As such, this is a one month supply for me at 3x per day. The price is decent for a one month supply, and even better if you need just 2 (or 1) per day.The capsules are reasonably sized and not difficult to swallow. The bottle I received in May 2021 has a use-by date of October 2022.A good turmeric supplement at a decent price that is made in the US. No complaints.
819. I like that this consists of just elderberry, and not any additional supplements such as vitamins or zinc. I prefer to keep things simple, and this provides me with exactly what I want: elderberry. The potency is pretty good, with each serving (consisting of 2 capsules) providing 650mg of elderberry fruit extract 5% flavonoids and 500mg of elderberry fruit extract 5:1. It has a good shelf life, with the bottle I received in May 2021 listing an expiration date of April 2023.To be honest, I'm not sure if daily elderberry is the reason why I don't get colds or if it's just happenstance. But, it's not expensive and doesn't cause any side effects or stomach issues, so I'll continue to use it to see if I can extend my avoidance of colds.
820. I wasn't expecting a whole lot from these clippers given the price point (ten bucks as of this review). I was really surprised at how well these work. The blades cut as well as models costing far more. A nice, clean cut without any pulling or abrasion. The length dial works very well. It has a nice, smooth action with a solid, positive click stop for each length. It comes with two guides so you have two sets of adjustability lengths.Where the cost-cutting is seen is with the case and attachment build quality. It's all plastic and doesn't have much of a solid heft to it. I very much doubt this would survive a fall of a few feet onto a hard floor. I'm not willing to test that out, so I may be wrong about that, but the very plasticy nature of the clippers don't make me at all confident in their ability to shrug off damage. The guide combs are also rather thin, but since they connect to the body with an internal peg (versus having to pull them off the blade itself) the thinner build quality is fine with regard to durability.It charges with a USB C cable (included) which is a nice change from having to keep and use a transformer specifically for the clipper.  The motor has a muted buzz that is reasonably quiet and not annoying. There's only one control, which is a sliding onoff. It clicks firmly into place and stays put in use.While these are lightweight in terms of build quality, it punches well above its weight class when it comes to performance. Five stars.
821. This has a 5% concentration of potassium nitrate, which is the ingredient used in all sensitive toothpastes to cut down (or, in my case, eliminate) sensitive teeth issues. As such, it works the same as other sensitive toothpastes.It does differ from others with regard to taste and consistency. It has a mild minty taste that, while acceptable, is not all that fresh tasting. The consistency is a bit softer than other toothpastes and it doesn't foam up as much. While that's usually a plus, good foaming action is a benefit when it comes to sensitive toothpastes since it helps the potassium nitrate get into all the nooks and crannies. My favorite sensitive toothpaste is the Colgate foaming action one. It has the same 5% potassium nitrate as this, but the foaming action does make a difference.While the tube looks big, there's not a lot of product. It's only filled about 12 of the way and, while it looks like a standard size tube, it only provides 3.5 oz of toothpaste. It's also hard to get all of it out of the tube since the tube is plastic and does not roll up. It dispenses fine when mostly full, but is not great at dispensing when the level gets low.While this does work, the negatives put my score at 3 stars (average). Not a compelling purchase compared with other options.
822. These chia seeds are very good quality, with a nice, fresh taste to them and a good crunch. I use a lot of Bob's Red Mill's products, and have always been satisfied with their quality and performance. This is no exception.Chia seeds can be used in numerous ways, and have an excellent nutritional profile. I've been using these mainly as an egg substitute with very good results. Just soak 1 tablespoon of chia seeds in 3 tablespoons of water for 10 min (longer is better) and use it in place of eggs in baked goods. In addition to acting as a binding agent, the seeds provide a very gentle crunch that I find very appealing.The only quibble I have is that the included set of measuring spoons is pretty cheaply made. It's not a reflection on the chia seeds themselves, but it's odd that such a cheap set would be included.That aside, zero complaints. The chia seeds are fresh, tasty, packaged well, and one of those good-for-you foods that actually is appealing to use. Five stars.
823. Overall, this is a pretty good white noise machine. It's very compact, which is a plus since I don't have a lot of bedside table area available. This has a smaller footprint than my last white noise machine, making it also a handy item if you want to take it while traveling.Setup is simple, and there's a good selection of sounds to choose from. I stick with the white noise, but it's nice to have options just to experiment with them to see which work the best. The variety also makes this useful not only for adults, but for infantschildren to help them sleep. The sound volume has a good range, and the light feature is also a nice touch, even though it's not something I get much use out of.The main con is the control panel. It's hard to see which control is which, especially in dim light. I would prefer a more traditional button system with nice, clear text labels as to function. Or, better yet, some type of simple remote where the buttons light up. Granted, that would increase the price but the layout presently used can be really frustrating to use.One star down for the control system but otherwise, a very nice compact sound machine.
824. I'm not at all impressed with this scrubber brush. The only positive is that it comes with 8 refill heads. The list of cons, however, is far longer:> the handle is not sealed well, and will continually leak dish soap;> it does NOT come with the scrubber brush pictured -- only the scrubber pads;> the word "scrubber" is used loosely since the pads have the texture of semi-rough felt. They lack any meaningful scrubber ability;> the pads are attached to the plastic holder with tape that has velcro on one side, and adhesive on the other (with the adhesive sticking to the plastic holder). The adhesive is quite poor, and the pads easily detach from the holder.It doesn't come close to being worth the price charged. At best, this entire set is something that belongs in a dollar store, and I'm not sure it would even be worth that. A very disappointing product.
825. No complaints about this turmeric powder. The aroma when opening the bag was very rich. The taste was also excellent, and not at all muted as some turmeric's I've used. I use this mainly with rice (or rice substitutes such as wheat berries, couscous, and the like) and both the taste and the strong yellow color make for a tasty dish.I like that, while it is priced similar to a bulk item, it comes in three fairly small (4 oz) bags. That allows for cost savings by buying in bulk, but the smaller packages help maintain the freshness until it's ready to be used.Fresh, tasty and a good value. Hit's all the right marks.
826. I'm impressed with the quality of these microfiber cloths given the price. The cloth is thick, sturdy and well-made. There were no loose threads or pulled out areas, and the hem stitching is very well done. The thickness is especially important for performance since thicker cloths are able to hold more liquid, plus do a better job on high gloss areas such as tile, appliances and windows.  These are much better quality than I expected them to be.The only downside is the size. Each cloth is just shy of 12 inches square. That's decent, but a bit larger (such as 14 inches square) would make them even more useful. As they are, I often have to use two where I normally would use one larger microfiber cloth.They launder well. As with any microfiber cloth, it's better to let them air dry (a very quick process) rather than put them in the dryer. If they are machine dried, it's essential to not use a fabric softener sheet (nor use fabric softener in the wash) since that coats and gums up the microfibers, making them less absorbent and less able to trap and hold dirt.If these were larger they would be a solid 5 stars. As-is, they are 4.5 stars. I'll round up to 5 since, for the price, I've not come across as good of a quality microfiber cloths as these. Very pleased with the performance.
827. I like the overall size of this scrubber, both in terms of the handle length and the size of the pads. The handle is large enough to allow for a good grip, and the scrubbers are small enough to get into corners while still decently sized for larger surfaces. It is also pretty comprehensive, including both scrubber attachments as well as a bristle attachment.Unfortunately, everything else about this set is not good. The bristle attachment arrived with all the bristles bent and folded, probably due to the fact that the items are all loose in a box. The bristles never returned to the proper shape after a few days, so the bent areas are permanent, making it hard to use. The handle leaked right from the start -- all the soap emptied out overnight, wasting soap and making a mess. The pads are of poor quality and fall apart after very little use. Worst of all, the handle area where the pads fit cracked, so pads will no longer stay in place. And all this was within 3 days of use.While the overall size and shape merits a good rating, the very poor quality, especially given the price, puts my rating at 2 stars. This is not a scrubber I would recommend.
828. These are excellent towels for certain cleaning tasks. They are thin, but absorb quickly and hold a decent amount of water. They can be rinsed, laid flat to dry, and re-used several times, making them go a lot further than a roll of conventional paper towels.They are ideal for certain cleaning tasks, especially windows, glass, smooth tile and other types of smooth surfaces. They are not, however, all that good for scrubbing or use over a rough surface. They can be used for that, but the roughness will shred the towel making it only good for one use. If used on smooth surfaces, they can be rinsed and re-used multiple times.For me, these are ideal for washing windows. I use a few sheets of these towels with cleaning liquid to get the dirt off the window, then use a single microfiber cloth for a final dry and polish. The used towels are rinsed and set aside to dry for the next task. I can usually get 4 or 5 uses out of a single towel before it starts to shred up.My only quibble is that I don't care for the graphics printed on the towels. They aren't bad looking, just unnecessary. Other than that, no complaints. They work well, last a good amount of time, eliminate the waste of using one-time use paper towels, and are a good value compared to other similar towels (as well compared with  conventional paper towels since one of these towels can take the place of many one-time use paper towels).
829. Overall, this is a pretty decent mop and bucket set.  The mop is excellent. The pole is metal, and the sections thread together well. The threaded portion is recessed into each section, making for a very durable, solid connection that won't come apart or loosen when using the mop. The mop head is not threaded, but it has a good quality snap button attachment.  The only mop-related complaint I have is that the point of attachment between the pole and the mop head is plastic. It's a decent quality, thick plastic, but metal would have been nice since that's a strain point on the mop.The mop head covers are of good quality, and attach well with Velcro to the mop head. Two pads are provided in the set. While they can be machine washed, it's better to hand wash them and let them air dry while laid flat. It reduces the wear and tear that the pads get in a washing machine.The bucket design could have been better. It is smaller than another similar product that I have which is actually a positive, since it weighs less when full of water. However, it lacks some key convenience features, such as a pop-open drain at the base. It is also not possible to remove the top to clean out the bucket well after use. The overall build quality of the bucket is somewhat lightweight, especially the handle. It lacks the heft and durability of other similar products.While the bucket issues brings my score to 4 stars, this is still a very good performing set. It's easy to get the mop head into the bucket since the mop head has a spring that allows it to automatically fold vertically so it can be inserted into the bucket. The "squeegee" on the dry side does a good job of wringing out the water. The ability to have a wet and a dry side to the bucket makes mopping quicker, easier, and results in a better job.Not perfect, but a decent value for the price.
830. No complaints at all about these generic replacement heads for a Sonicare. They fit well on my Sonicare -- not so tight that they are difficult to get on or off, and not so loose that they come off too easily. The fit is pretty much the same as the authentic Sonicare brushes.Although these are described as being soft, I would rate the bristles as medium (or perhaps mediumsoft). The bristles are definitely harder than the Sonicare Ultra Soft version, but are not as hard as the Sonicare regular brushes. I would have preferred that they be just a tad softer than they are, but they are not so hard as to cause any notable gum irritation. The oblong head shape is good for getting at the gum line and reaching molars.The set of 8 come in a single box, with each brush individually sealed in a plastic pouch. Plus, there's a cap over the end of each brush. I much prefer this type of packaging versus the blister pack method used by other generic replacement heads. It's easier to deal with and creates less packaging waste.No significant complaints about these -- good value for the price.
831. These are nicely done compostable bags. The material is thick enough to deal with an acceptable load (e.g., full, but not overstuffed full) without breaking. They are sized fine for a 13 gallon container. It would have been nice to have an extra inch or so of length for an even better fit, but as-is I'm finding them to fit without any significant issue provided they are placed carefully when initially put into the can.If you were to compare these to conventional plastic bags with regard to strength, ability to stretch and puncture resistance, these would clearly come up short. But they are not plastic bags, they are compostable bags. On that basis, they are very well done, with enough strength to be useful but still retain the ability to break down.They come on a single roll with perforations between each bag. I've not had any problems tearing off the bags without damaging them. There are no ties, either provided separately or built into the top of the bag. Again, that's not a con since these are compostable rather than traditional bags.Very helpful to have when dealing with compostable material or even run-of-the-mill trash.  Well worth considering if you need a compostable bag in a larger size.
832. I'm pleased with the quality of these boxes. The box board is thick enough to feel substantial without looking (or feeling) like they are boxes for mailing. The gold color is glossy and even. They ship flat and are easy to fold into a box. I reinforce the bottom seam with some tape to keep it secure, but using tape is not essential.They are sized well to use as boxes to hold home-made chocolates, candy, cookies and the like, and the gold color gives it a distinctive look. No complaints!
833. This is a decent, but not outstanding probiotic supplement. It contains only 4 strains (3 Lactobacillus strains and one Bifidobacterium strain) which is on the low end. More significantly, it does not indicate on the ingredients how much of each strain is in the mix. That's a notable shortcoming since it could be heavily weighed on just one strain.The capsules themselves are easy to swallow. The dosage is 2 caps per serving. Thus, the claimed 40 billion CFU potency applies to using 2 caps per day. Each cap has a potency of 20 billion CFUs, making this on the high end of the price scale when you compare it with how long it will last.  The bottle states that the potency listed is at the time of manufacture (which is the usual situation) and that the potency should remain at at least 10 billion CFU per cap prior to the best-by date (which for a bottle received in June 2020 is Aug 2021).It works as well as other probiotics for me. I've not experienced any significant side effects, such as gas or bloating. However, when taking all factors into consideration, it's just an average (3 star) product. The use of only 4 strains, not providing concentration levels for the strains, and requiring 2 caps to hit the claimed 40 billion CFU potency make this only an average value compared with other probiotics.
834. I'm very satisfied with these syringes. The markings are clear and easy to read, even for my old eyes. The plunger works smoothly with no binding regardless if the fluid is watery or thick.  They come in a box for easy storage, and each one is individually sealed.I use them for pet medications and for mixing DIY flavorings. Solid value for the price, especially if you can get it on a price dip. Highly recommend.
835. The rope style of this cotton makes it ideal for wicking a mesh build. It works much better than pad cotton, cotton bacon, or other rope style cotton (such as the Fantasea cotton on Amazon). It can get packed tightly against the mesh to prevent hot spots, but still wicks very well.It can also be used for pretty much any other wicking situation but there's no significant difference between this and other cottons for those situations. But for mesh, this stands out as an ideal wick.It's more expensive than the Fantasea cotton rope, but the performance gain is worth it.
836. There's no difference between the quality of these bags and the usual Ziploc bags, which is a pro -- I've found Ziploc bags to last the longest, and seal better than other brands. The Packers logo and color add a fun touch. The graphics are well done, colorful, and stand out well. There's some added cost to having the branding, but it makes what is normally a boring bag something that stands out.
837. I can't tell the difference between this and the name brand (Vaseline) with regard to consistency, performance or any other factor. While generics sometimes are of lesser quality than the name brands, this is one of those cases where the generic is identical to the name brand, other than price.The uses for petroleum jelly are just about endless. In addition to the customary use as a skin protectorsoothing agentmoisturizer, it's great to have a tub of this at hand in the workshop for tasks such as lubricating o-rings or gaskets (or as a general lubricant for about anything). It's also great for sealing out moisture and keeping tools, such as gardening tools or mower blades, rust-free in the off season when they are not getting used.
838. I've been using probiotics for years and have appreciated the benefits. This version didn't offer any significantly different benefits in terms of probiotic activity for me, but it does come with one big plus: they taste great!I normally use pills for probiotics since the chews I've tried were not all that appealing in terms of taste. These are much different -- they are round balls about the same size as a typical malted milk ball. It has a waxy coating so it does not melt in your hand. The dark chocolate taste is excellent. It does not have the same texture as actual chocolate (it's a bit more grainy), but it is very tasty.Probiotics are great to keep everything running smoothly in your gut, and this is the best tasting option I've come across. The only downside is that the cost per dose is higher than many of the capsule-based probiotics. Still, it's a great way to encourage probiotic usage since taking one can be considered a treat rather than a chore, and easily earns this 5-stars.
839. This is without a doubt the most comfortable knee brace I've ever used. The material is soft throughout, without any hard edges that can dig into your skin. The three Velcro straps are made of a different type of Velcro than my other braces. Instead of a thick strap with large "teeth" that latch onto the hook portion, this has a very thin strap that keeps the bulkiness way down. But, even though the straps are thin, they are still very secure. In fact, it can be hard to unstrap this unless you get a really strong grip on the strap.The build quality is excellent. All the stitching it tight and even, and everything is put together in a very secure manner. This gives me a lot of confidence that this will stand up to a lot of use.It's made of nylon and spandex, and can be washed (hand wash only).All in all, this is an excellent brace. Very supportive but not at the expense of comfort. Highly recommend.[Sample provided for review]
840. When I first started to use this I was not impressed – the rotating massage balls felt really odd on my back and not that comfortable. But after a few minutes, it started to feel pretty good. A few more minutes and I really felt my back muscles relax. Very nice!There are two rotating balls on each side of the pad. They have infrared heating (which you can turn off) so you get a nice gentle heat during the massage. The balls automatically invert their rotation direction after a few minutes to keep the massage from getting monotonous.The front cover is a mesh material that feels pretty sturdy. The case is covered with what looks and feels like a faux leather. It has a good feel as well, and seems very sturdy. There’s an elastic band on the back so you can strap this to a chair in the proper position to hit the areas of your back you want massaged.The onoff switch is on the base and is fairly flush with the casing so it doesn’t stab you in the back if you lean against it. Press it once turns it on with heat; press it again turns off the heat; press and hold turns it off. It’s powered by a transformer (included) that plugs into the wall outlet, or via a car power port adapter if you want to use it in the car while driving.The sound level is muted, but clearly heard. It makes a grinding, whirring type of sound while operating. It’s not grating, but it’s clearly loud enough to hear in the next cubicle if you plan on using this at work.The warmth level is moderate. You readily feel the warmth penetrate your muscles, but it is not what I would call hot.My main complaint is the size – it’s rather small in terms of coverage when used on my back. While the overall size is reasonable (about 12 inches wide and 8 inches tall at the widest parts) the massage action is limited to a much smaller area. Something that was a few inches larger would make a big difference in the coverage area.  It's also rather thick and bulky (about 4 inches thick) so positioning it on a chair can be challenging if you have a narrow chair seat depth.The elastic strap is also a bit too small for some chairs, and does not hold the unit all that securely. I ended up using it on the sofa and holding it in place by leaning against it. That proved to be more effective that trying to strap it to a chair and have it stay in place.Even with these limitations this is a handy device to have if you have bad back or just get sore from sitting too much. It’s a welcome massage break during the work day.[Sample provide for review]
841. The main “cold fighting” ingredient in this is Echinacea which, for some people, has been shown to help fight colds. I’ve taken it in the past in pill format with mixed results – sometimes it seems to help; other times not so much.This is another way to get your Echinacea along with other herbs. The ingredients are:Echinacea purpuera herbred rootgreen tea leafelderberry fruitthyme herbred clover herbmyrrh gumIt’s in a base of vegetable glycerin and water, which gives it a syrupy consistency. On the plus side, that can help soothe your throat. On the downside, the taste, to me, was only semi-appealing. It’s not bad or medicinal tasting, just odd – sort of a semi-spicy taste that lingers on your tongue.The dosage is 1ml (25 drops) 1 to 2 times per day. I like that it comes in a glass bottle with a good quality dropper rather than plastic. However, the country of manufacture is not listed nor is the concentration of the various herbs in it.I can’t give it a strong recommendation since the taste is so unusual. It’s one of those items that you’re either going to find tasty or really dislike. But I found the taste odd but interesting, so I’ll give it 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4 since it did soothe my throat.Worth a try but, as with any herbal remedy, don’t expect your cold symptoms to magically disappear.[Sample provided for review]
842. This brand was recommended to me on the DIY e-liquid forums, and I've been 100% satisfied with it. Easy to work with, very clean taste, and nicely packaged in an HDPE bottle that has a safety seal on it.Essential Depot also sells this on their website, but with Prime, it's a better deal on Amazon. However, if you're looking for larger quantities, Essential Depot sometimes has a 1 gallon PG1 gallon VG combo deal at a great price.Highly recommend this for DIY use.
843. First of all, I love the presentation of these. This would be a perfect gift just as is. The scents are all pretty nice, and I appreciate that they aren’t overly scented once dissolved in the bath. My bath water ended up quite vibrant, but I didn’t experience any tub staining. I’m looking forward to using the rest of these.
844. This night cream was fine, just not my favorite that I've ever tried. It was a little too runny for my taste. The scent is pleasant and I will continue to use it, I will just continue to purchase another brand that I prefer.
845. I liked the aroma while opening the box of shower steamers but in the shower they gave a light scent. I could smell it in the shower but wish it was a little stronger of a scent. I did like the scent so it was pleasant.UPDATE: I wanted to update my review a s state that depending on the scent, you may have more pleasant aromas!  I used another scent out of the pack and it smelled great and had my bathroom smelling like it. I think some scents are lighter than others.
846. Every beard is different and I wish I had one like Chris Stapleton but unfortunately I don't. I like the Groomed and Tailored Beard Set but my beard is not quite there yet. I love the quality of the items and especially like the scissors. The three tools come in a cloth bag.
847. I've always made it a point to clean my dogs teeth since it's good for them and dental cleanings are very expensive. I've used dog toothbrushes and finger cloth brushes before but never a dual silicone finger setup like this. I never cleaned the inside of the teeth but only the outer sides. The dual finger brush does make it easier to clean the inside teeth and fortunately my dog is use to me having my fingers in her mouth. I'm sure this might not work for many but it does work okay for me and my situation.
848. I have very sensitive gums so this was the first time using this type of toothbrush. I normally use a soft head toothbrush, but this toothbrush was too soft and thick. I wasn't able to brush my back molars properly.  I wanted to like it but I don't feel confident this brush was cleaning my teeth well enough.
849. I got this to help support my weak knee and get the benefits of the compression sleeve. I didn't want to wear two separate items when everything can be had it this one item. The sleeve is tight but I know that's the compression working. Once on, it's comfortable and I don't feel any discomfort. Wished it came in a 2-pack so my legs feel balanced but happy with it giving my one weaker knee support.
850. I enjoy fresh and steamed broccoli and have noticed that usually, the next day after eating a good amount of broccoli, I feel and look better.  I think there's something in broccoli that really tunes my engine.  So, when this package of broccoli powder came up on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I like it.  I mix it with some wheatgrass powder or other super foods (like to include a sweet one for flavor) and water, mix thoroughly and drink it down.  It's not something to write home about, but I like it well enough and I feel I'm getting some good nutrition.  This powder seems to be fresh and will puff out of the envelope if you're not careful with it.
851. Oil of oregano is a very potent anti-viral and anti-bacterial.  I've got oregano oil in a liquid (bottle) and in softgels.  I can't tolerate the liquid unless it's diluted because it's so hot.  These little tubes of oregano oil are convenient and taste good, but you only get 50mg of oregano oil per tube.  One softgel of oregano oil usually delivers about 150mg.  If you don't want that much then these tubes are good alternative.  I found that though they taste good, getting all the oil out of the tube was impossible.  There's always an amount left in the bottom.
852. I don't really see the advantage of "travel size" since all the other shower steamers I've reviewed were individually wrapped in plastic.  But, nonetheless these are easy to toss into a suitcase or bag for trips.  I used two of them at the same time yesterday in the shower and still couldn't really detect much scent.  They're pretty to watch dissolving but as far as scent goes there's not very much.  These come in a very good quality box with a bow, ready for gifting.
853. This Freshcap Unwind instant drink mix tastes very good.  It's slightly sweet and no where near being too sweet.  Some people may want to add a little more sweetener to it.  I mixed up a tube in some boiling water and it completely dissolved leaving no mushroom sediment at the bottom of my cup.  It nearly has the color of coffee and when I added a little cream to it it looked exactly like coffee and even sort of mimics the taste of coffee but without the caffeine.  The product page says it contains 1000 mg of dual mix (I guess that means Reishi and Chaga) but it doesn't say per serving.  Nor does it say anything on the box about how many mgs you are getting per serving.  I'm assuming that you get 1000 mg of Reishi and Chaga per tube.  I looked at a couple of bottles of mushroom capsules I have and the label said two capsules delivered 1000 mg and so I guess one tube also contains 1000 mg.  Overall I think this is a good product, especially useful right before bedtime to promote a better night's sleep, and it tastes good too.
854. I've been consuming fulvic and humic acids pretty much daily for the past couple of years in a shilajit form, which is dark, sometimes very thick and it never tastes good by itself.  So, when I saw Trace Minerals humic and fulvic acid on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I've purchased several Trace Mineral product before, mainly their concentrated trace mineral drops and have found them to be very good quality.  I think this Trace Mineral Liquid Gut Health is a very good product and delivers some fulvic and humic acids that are so good for health and so rare to find in the basic American diet.  This is not as concentrated as what you get in shilajit, but it's a big bottle, one teaspoon is the daily dose, and it has no flavor.  It tastes like water.  I think this is a very good supplement though I don't know if it will help with gut health or not but is still a healthy supplement. Shilajit can be very expensive (a couple of hundred dollars depending on the quality) but it contains a LOT of trace minerals.  But for a much less expensive substitute I think the Trace Minerals is a good choice.
855. These brush heads fit my Philips Sonicare just fine and cost a lot less than name brand replacement heads.  I can't find anything to complain about.  They work great and get my teeth nice and clean.
856. The last time I ever smelled smelling salts was when I was a kid and another kid in the neighborhood had a bottle of them for some reason.  We all smelled it and I haven't forgotten how strong it smelled.  These Westside Barbell smelling salts are just as strong.  However this time, I used the technique I learned in chemistry class in college which was NOT to stick my nose right over the flask, beaker or whatever container, but to hold it out from my face and waft the air over it with my hand towards my snout.  These are very good smelling salts.
857. This lavender essential oil already has 102 reviews with a high star rating so I doubt I can add anything unique to say about it.  It has a lovely lavender scent and I will be using this to scent my hand made soaps.
858. I've done some research on the health benefits of fisetin but can't really find a lot about it.  It hasn't had many studies and the results of the ones done weren't very conclusive.  But, the reason I selected this product for review was not for the fisetin content but the quercetin.  Quercetin is absolutely wonderful at getting zinc into cells to fight off and kill viruses.  It really goes very well with vitamin C, D3 and zinc and I take all of those daily.
859. I kind of consider this supplement as a back-up to my other supplements and vitamins because although it contains very good things, it doesn't contain some of them in high enough quantities for me.  For instance, I normally take at least 250mcg D3 10,000 IU) daily, and this supplement only contains 3.3 mcg which is a mere fraction and that requires 2 capsules.  But, I like a lot that it contains 167 mg of quercetin, and 167 mg of elderberry, both extremely important in keeping one's immune system strong and healthy.  Overall, I think this is a very good supplement for the immune system but more D3, C, and zinc should be taken along with this.
860. I think this is a very good D3K2 supplement. It seems to be very reasonably priced (as of this review a bottle of 60 veggie caps costs $16.19 giving you a 3 month supply). One capsule delivers 125 mcg of D3 and 100 mcg  of vitamin K2. 210 mg calcium is also included which is only 16% DV. I take at least 5000 IU of D3 each day and usually more since it is such a powerful anti-viral and is so good for brain health. And in combination with K2, needed calcium is stored in bones and being 63, I don't want to get soft or brittle bones as I age. I think this is a very good supplement.
861. These foam earplugs are easy to use and they expand inside your ears.  But, I would never rely exclusively on these for really loud sounds like gun shots.  I think they might be fine for car races (probably not Nascar - really loud), or to wear to block out some sounds while trying to get to sleep.  I have one in each ear right now, fully expanded and I can easily hear sounds around me so I can't really tell if they would reduce loud sounds or not. They seem to be made out the regular foamy material a lot of ear plugs are made out of and they come very well packaged and you get 3 pairs in one plastic box for a total of 12 pairs.
862. All of the liquid liposomal vitamin C products that I've reviewed have all had a strong flavor - not bad but some people might like to dilute in water or something. I take it straight out of the bottle but the sweetened citrus flavoring is strong. I most definitely prefer a liposomal form of vitamin C whether it's capsules or liquid. Liposomal vitamin C stays in your system much longer than the water soluble ascorbic acid which is excreted quickly by the body. Liposomal means the ascorbic acid is wrapped in a fat blanket (sunflower oil) and is therefore carried much further and longer in your system fighting cold and flu viruses. This bottle of liposomal vitamin C is nearly the same as all the others I've reviewed so there's a lot of them to choose from. I can find nothing negative to say about this liquid liposomal vitamin C.
863. I really like these blue light blocking reading glasses.  They are very well constructed and not cheap looking like some other readers I've reviewed.  The colors on the frame are very pretty and these glasses fit my narrow face nicely without sliding or hurting my narrow nose bridge.  The lenses are very clear with no warping and magnify very well. These come with a cleaning cloth and hard shell case.
864. The cling wrap works great - just like name brand.  The box it comes in is cr*p and wants to fall apart.  I haven't had it long enough to see how well it decomposes in my compost heap but if it remains in it for long I will update this review.
865. It's always a pleasant surprise to be able to get a very healthful supplement in a form that is very tasty and super easy to consume.  These aloe jelly sticks are a treat to eat.  I love the texture and flavor and I like knowing I'm getting the health benefits of aloe.  I can't find anything negative to say about them.
866. I like these types of facial cleansing devices.  I have 3 of them now and really like using them to exfoliate dead skin cells off my face.  This one is gentle works well.  I don't know how long it will hold a charge but my other two that are very similar hold a charge for a long time.  I don't use any electronic facial devices except for this one and I think it does a good job at gently loosening up dead skin cells.
867. These are tasty ashwagandha gummies but the texture is more like a soft candy than real gummy which is very chewy.  Ashwagandha helps to calm me down and I sleep better at night and I've read that it helps reduce panic attacks.
868. This supplement is in the form of magnesium glycinate. It is used mostly for helping one get to sleep. It relaxes the muscles, lowers blood pressure and basically prepares the body for sleep. I've taken magnesium glycinate off and on for years to help me get to sleep and it usually does the trick.  The type of magnesium (magnesium glycinate) is highly absorbable and is one of the best forms to take.  However, I think this bottle of 60 capsules (a one month supply for $29.99 as of this review) is too expensive.  I've seen it for a lot less than $29.99.
869. I find this lion's mane powder in capsules to be very good quality. It has no taste that I can detect. I don't like swallowing pills so I open the capsules and dump the lions mane powder into another container and then add it to my coffee in loose form. The recommended dosage is 2 capsulesday and that's about the scooped amount I put in my coffee. Lions mane has many healthy benefits and my husband and I have been taking a blend of various mushroom powders, including lion's mane everyday for the past couple of years and both of us have not been the least bit sick since starting that. I think this is an excellent supplement.
870. I'm going to assume that you already know why you're shopping for black maca powder as it seems to have several health benefits, one of which is supposedly increasing sexual desire in both men and women. That said, I think these capsules are good quality and they have not given me any adverse side effects. I have to be careful what I ingest lest I get a serious bout of gastric distress going. So far I have not had any problems with this supplement.  I think this is  very good loose, maca root powder.
871. These clippers clip nail very quickly and efficiently with leaving any jagged edges.  I still have to smooth the edges down some but I do that with all my nail clippers, not just these.  These come in a nice tin to store them in.
872. As of this review I don't know how much these clean wipes costs.  I think they do a good job of cleaning and are about the same size as a full sized Kleenex but much stronger and can be used multiple times.  I think the idea is that they don't shed any fibers which is great for places where tiny fibers can interfere with sensitive equipment - electronics labs and the situations given on the product page.
873. I've tried this supplement in capsule and in powder form.  I think I like the capsule form better because the powder tastes kind of fishy and has no sweet (but it's not bitter either).  These capsules cost $119.95 as of this review and the powder is about ten dollars more.  Both are a one month supply.  However, 3 capsulesday is the recommended dosage and I'm not fond of swallowing pills.  I really wish I could say, "Wow! This has dramatically improved my cognitive abilities" but I can't.  I think I'm the wrong person to test it out since my cognitive abilities are already pretty darn good.  But, I've only been taking it as directed for a little over two weeks and these things often take more time than that.  The directions on the side of the powder container say to take a cognitive test before starting and then after 30 days take another one to see how well your cognitive skills have improved.  I don't have that much time to wait before I can write a review.  I will say that it doesn't make me sick to my stomach or gives me any unwanted side effects at all.
874. I think this container of collagen is kind of pricey coming in at $39.98 (as of this review).  I've reviewed other high quality collagens that cost less and were also flavorless.  That said, I think this is a good collagen product for collagens I and III.  It dissolves well in liquids and has no taste that I can detect.  I've been taking collagen on a daily basis for about 8 months and have finally started to notice improvement in the skin on my arms and face.  It takes a long time to see results so consistency is needed.  My skin is a lot more flexible and plumper.
875. I think this is a very good red superfood powder but I can't see paying $46.99 (the cost of one can as of this review) for it.  I have reviewed several other red superfood powders and I don't recall any of them costing that much.  I have several red superfood mixes that contain many of the same ingredients as this but the cost is much less.  That said, I think this is an excellent mix, it has a lot of very good ingredients that are very beneficial for good health,  it dissolves well with little clumping, the color is pretty and the flavor is good.  I've only mixed it in water and like it best that way.  I'm trying to drink more water during the day and I always want either a red or green or a mixture of both powdered superfood in it.
876. As of this review this electric candle lighter costs $7.99, which I think is a reasonable price for it.  It works well but is not as durably constructed as some other ones that I've reviewed.  However, it works very well and is nice to have when needing to light candles or even the gas ignitor on a stove.  It comes with a USB cord for charging, but the cord I got wouldn't fit into the port on the end of the lighter.  But, since most of us have about 1,000 of USB cords lying around you will find another to fit if yours also doesn't fit.  I'm using another cord and all is well.  Also, I like that it has a small slide switch on the end of the lighter that has to be in the "on" position before it will work.  I just think that makes it a little safer in case a child should play with it.
877. I have sensitive areas where the dentin is not completely covered by enamel so if a toothbrush bristle hits it I go electric.  I've been using sensitive toothpastes for years so when this one came up on my list of items I could review I decided to try it.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it contains fluoride since I'm trying to eliminate fluoride from my diet as much as possible.  I've used the Spotlight sensitive toothpaste twice a day for about a week and if my teeth were going to react to it they would have by now.  I have not had any sensitivity issues with this toothpaste.  Also, it tastes fine and my teeth really feel nice and clean afterwards.  As of this review I don't know how much it costs.
878. These travel packs only contain collagen from one source - bovine and they are very pricey.  As of this review 7 travel packs of 10 grams each costs nearly $20.00.  I don't think the convenience of having 10 grams of collagen in a pack is worth all the extra money.  I have reviewed a lot of collagen products and the latest one I've reviewed only costs $24.95 for 324 grams.  And it contains collagen from 5 different sources. The ELAINE collagen only contains bovine collagen.  All that said, it mixes in with my hot coffee completely and I couldn't even tell that it was there.  It's totally flavorless and did not clump at all.
879. The absolute best bone broth is that which you make yourself using cracked bones and boiling them for several hours.  Drain and filter and freeze what you don't use right away.  However, that is time consuming and messy.  Though I know I get the best quality bone broth by making it myself, a powder is so nice and easy.  I've added this powder it to soup stock and into my meatloaf recipe.  It's savory and not sweet or chocolate flavored (a lot of them are and I really get tired of chocolate everything) and can be added to a lot of dishes or drunk as is mixed with hot water.  It tastes fine and though it's kind of pricey, you get a big container of it.
880. These B12 drops don't taste quite as good as some others that I've reviewed, but they pack a lot of B vitamins per ml.  These drops contain B2, B3, B5, B6 and B12 which make for a very good complex.  I have found from personal experience over the past few years, that a high daily dose of B12 significantly improves my cognitive abilities.  I haven't had brain fog in a long time and my memory is sharp when I take a good B complex, especially B12.  I think these are excellent drops though they aren't as candy flavored as some others but they don't taste bad either.  These drops are very easy to use and are an excellent alternative to pills.
881. I've got a problem with  colostrum. It may be perfectly good for human consumption, but the soul that is supposed to consume it is the baby goat. I'm kind of sorry I selected this product for review because after reading up on it I don't think it's very ethically sourced. And it's pricey too. I'm finding it hard to believe that a $59.00 bottle of colostrum capsules will give any more health benefits than many other less expensive supplements.
882. 125 mcg equals 5,000 IU which is about what I take on a daily basis, more or less.  These vitamin D3 pills are very small and easy to swallow.  D3 is fat soluble and should stay in your system longer.  I think one small capsuleday is plenty, at least for me.  The bottle is too big for the quantity because it looks like the bottle is nearly empty but it contains 60 little vitamin D3 pills.  The vitamin D3 is in coconut oil.
883. Elderberry is a very potent anti-viral and I use it whenever I feel the symptoms of a cold or flu coming on.  I always feel good the next day.  I think these elderberry gummies with vitamin C and zinc are very tasty and are an excellent daily preventative to keep your immune system nice and strong.
884. Coconut oil is often a solid at room temperature (except during the hot months) so I was glad to see this oil available for review.  Our house is kind of cold and it has remained a nice, clear and easy to use liquid.  It's easy to pump out and apply.  I can't say it's the best moisturizer I've ever used because coconut oil is naturally a little dehydrating.  I still like it though and have been using this oil everyday after showering.  It does not smell like coconuts at all and has no scent that I can detect.
885. Normally I just love gummy vitamins but these don't taste very good.  I like the vitamins and omega-3's they contain, all that is very good.  They just don't taste good.  I immediately get a fishy flavor (got to be from the algae they are made from) followed by some serious tartness.  Though they are still palatable, why consume these when there are other gummy vitamins that are just as good and taste a lot better?  If you don't mind tartness and a little fishy flavor then I highly recommend these.
886. These are very good elderberry gummies. These deliver 100 mg elderberry2gummies, has 90 mg of vitamin C and 7.5 mg of zinc citrate. Taking two of these is a good way to start the day by giving your immune system a jump start against cold and flu viruses. I've been trying to accumulate a lot elderberry supplements because elderberry is a very powerful anti-viral. The gummies taste very good - sweet and tart and the texture is good.  These are a great preventative if taken every day.
887. Nigella Sativa extract is a very powerful anti-oxidant, anti-carcinogen and has been proven to be effective against 97 out 144 superbugs. And this is just a few of it's health benefits.  The dosage is two capsule per day which delivers 700 mg of nigella sativa extract.  I think this is a great supplement to keep in your medicinal arsenal along with Oregano oil and Olive leaf extract. This is one of few nigella sativa powders I've reviewed but I find it to be as good as, and maybe better than black seed oil.  It costs more than black seed oil.  As of this review one bottle of 60 nigella sativa powder capsules costs nearly $40.00.  I've bought black seed oil frequently so whenever I see nigella sativa on my list of items I can review I instantly select it because it is one mine and my husband's favorite supplements.
888. These elderberry gummies are very near the top of my list of favorite elderberry gummies.  These taste very good but my main reason for liking them so much is that they include propolis, echinacea and vitamin C.  These don't have any zinc and I'm glad of that because it seems like zinc is included in so many other supplements.  These gummies have about twice the amount of elderberry of many other gummies that I've reviewed and I've learned from experience what an incredible anti-viral elderberry is.  I haven't got sick at all this cold and flu season.
889. We had an infestation of pantry moths in our pantry and had to throw out a lot of dried food like crackers, cereals, some dried figs and items that are high in carbohydrates.  The rotten little monsters could smell what I had in zip-loc bags and burrowed right through them to the food.  Besides waging serious war with the moths, I've placed a lot of food items in these smell-proof bags in the hopes if there are any moths left that we didn't eradicate that they will not be able to smell the food through the bags and thus burrow into them.  So far it seems to be working but we also having found any moths stuck to the fly strips we hung up in there either so that's a good sign we might have gotten them all.  These bags seem well made and should last a long time.
890. I think these detergent sheets would be great for kids living in dorms at school, or when you are taking lengthy trips somewhere. But for home use I'd rather have my big jug of liquid laundry detergent.  I've used several of these and they seem to clean clothes just fine and don't leave any perfume scent behind on them.  However, I have to use 3 sheets at a time since my laundry loads are big.  At that rate, I only get about 10 or 11 loads done and that just isn't all the economical since one box costs $10.59.  I can get a big jug of liquid for about that much money.  All that said, these clean fine, are easy to carry (especially good for those who can't carry much stuff) and don't leave a perfume scent behind.  These would be great for those with a very limited storage space in their laundry area.
891. I buy a LOT of turmeric powder either from Amazon or from my nearest multi-cultural food market.  I make what is called, "Golden Paste" out of turmeric, coconut oil, water and freshly ground black pepper.  It has helped me and my husband immensely with bone and joint health.  I'm 62 and play very competitive tennis, singles and doubles against opponents less than half my age and I often win.  I am a true believer in the miracle of Golden Paste as my previously super sore and creaky knees have been transformed into those of a 25 year old's - no kidding.  Please google "golden paste" and see how easy it is to make at home and give it a try.  When this ORGANIC turmeric came up on my list of items I could review it took less than a nano second to select it.  I think it's wonderful, it comes in 3 smaller bags instead of one big one and it seems to be among the best organic turmeric I've used.
892. I've reviewed a lot apple cider vinegar gummies and these are my least favorite of all of them.  The flavor is just o.k. and the texture is not very gummy-like.  I like that these have the mother, but that's about all they have going for them except for a little B9 and B12 vitamins.
893. Hubs and I have been taking a blend of mushroom powder everyday for months and I think it has really helped with our immune system. When this mushroom supplement came up on my list of items I could review I instantly selected it. I like the variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
894. I think this mix did give me a little extra energy the other day when I had two tennis practices nearly back to back.  I have tried this mix several times and though I haven't noticed a jolt in energy, I didn't get overly fatigued either, especially while playing in the hot sun.  It mixes well with plain water though it seems to settle out a little bit if left to sit in the glass for a while.  The flavor is not all that good - it has a strong, almost bitter flavor that I don't really care for.  I have since started mixing this with another electrolyte mix that has a sweeter and more pleasant flavor.  I like the combination and it really keeps my electrolyte level up when sweating and exercising in the heat.
895. This stuff is GREEN!  But it's a nice deep green which tells me it's loaded with good wheat grass juice.  I'm not particularly fond of the taste but it's drinkable.  I know I'm getting good nutrition when I drink it so I easily tolerate the taste.  It mixes up nicely in water and that's the only way I've been drinking it so far.  I kind of got off of smoothies but will try some in one eventually.  The bag is big with a lot of servings.  I've never had wheat grass juice before so when it came up on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it and am glad I did.
896. I have the exact same Jigsaw Health Pickleball electrolyte powder but in a plastic can and use it a lot.  So, when I saw these individual packets available for review I instantly selected them.  I really like this electrolyte mix.  I play a lot of competitive tennis - singles and double - underneath the hot sun in the Deep Humid South.  I sweat like a sailor and need instant electrolyte replacement.  I have tried and reviewed a LOT of electrolytes - some I like a lot like this one and others that I save for when it's cold outside and I don't sweat much.  This Pickleball electrolyte is my first choice because it contains more potassium, sodium and magnesium than any of the others that I have.  These packets make it easy to take some along in my tennis bag and mix up a bottle when I feel I need it.  This electrolyte mix is some of the best I've ever had the opportunity to try and review and I can't find anything negative to say about it.  It mixes easily in water and has a nice orange flavor.
897. Bone marrow is a very good source of nutrition that most people no longer get, me included.  I didn't even know about the health benefits of bone marrow until a few short months ago.  When I saw this supplement available for review I wanted to try it.  I think it's very good, and very high quality.  I just can't deal with taking 4 capsule of it each day.  I will have to bust them open and pour the contents into soups or something.  I have other forms of bone marrow supplements that I like better such as a thick gravy kind that is already seasoned and all I have to do is spoon it into a casserole, meatloaf, soup, etc.... and stir it in before cooking it.  And I have a bone marrow supplement that's chocolate flavored that I can mix up in a smoothie.  All are good forms and if you have no trouble swallowing pills or capsules I think this would be a great choice.
898. I like the wide variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement. I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
899. I've been taking Lion's Mane Mushroom powder for about 2 months solid and find that it has basically no flavor at all. I put it in my coffee or a turmeric tea, it mixes in well and it's easy to drink. I've done a some research on it and it seems to be a very good supplement and highly beneficial for good health. Here are some the benefits it has:- Enhanced brain functioning- Ability to prevent or slow the growth of cancer- Supports heart health- Helps with depression and anxiety- Potent antioxidant- Reduces inflammation- Boosts immune system- Supports digestive healthThe only side effect I've been able to find is that it might cause a slight skin rash with some minor itching but is very rare and not considered serious, just irritating. I think this is a very good lion's mane supplement.
900. I have purchased a lot of bottles of Liposomal Vitamin C but of other brands because of Covid-19. My whole family takes liposomal vitamin C instead of regular vitamin C for one main reason. Liposomal vitamin C stays in your system much longer and is not excreted or used up nearly as quickly as regular ascorbic acid type vitamin C, which is what most people take. The liposomal type is best because it will stay in your system to continue giving protection from viruses. I learned of liposomal from watching health oriented Youtube videos. This brand is every bit as good as the other brands I've taken and and you need no less that 1500 mg each day, and we take even more. This type of vitamin C costs more, but it's definitely worth the extra money. Easily 5 stars and more.
901. I've been trying to accumulate as many Elderberry products as I can because it is such a powerful anti-viral and will get to the core of a cold or flu real fast and knock it out.  When this Elderberry powder came up on my list of items I could review I had to try it.  I mixed a spoonful up in about 4 ounces of cold water and stirred until it was mostly in solution.  I tasted it and was glad it wasn't bitter.  It tasted pretty much like nothing.  I added a little honey to it and it was very easy to drink down.  The bag says one serving is 2g of elderberry powder but says nothing about any other ingredients such as vitamins.  All that information is on the product page.  I think this is a good product and will keep it on hand come this winter season to use to ward off cold and flu viruses.
902. These are wonderful trash bags!  They have a rubbery feel to them and are very stretchy.  They easily fit over our standard size kitchen garbage can with no fighting necessary to get it stretched over the top rims.  They don't come with wire ties and aren't designed with flaps to tie so if you over fill it you really have to mash the trash down to get enough bag to tie together or buy some wire ties separately.
903. This mushroom supplement is probably one of least expensive ones I reviewed in a long time.  As of this review it costs  $14.99.  I like the wide variety of mushrooms included and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system.  All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
904. This supplement is a good BACKUP to what you are already taking to prevent getting the flu and keeping your immune system healthy.  I say that because these aren't ordinary times with Covid-19, and extra supplements are necessary.  I like some of ingredients in this supplement but wish the vitamin C had been liposomal and not ascorbic acid.  The zinc is in the form of zinc oxide, which is the least bioavailable.  Most of it won't be utilized by your body.  All the other ingredients are good and I always like to see Elderberry included since it is a powerful anti-oxidant and virus buster.  I take over 1500 mg liposomal vitamin C each day plus extra zinc (citrategluconate) so I don't think the 180mg of vitamin C (in this supplement) will do anything to help your immune system fight off Covid.  I'm giving it 3 stars and think that is being generous.
905. This supplement has ingredients that are known to help joint health - Chondrointin, Glucosamine Sulfate, MSM, and I was glad to see turmeric added.  I'm a big fan of turmeric and use it mostly for maintaining my joint health by making what is called, "Golden Paste" - extremely good for health.  I think this is a good supplement but it will take time and patience before noticing any improvement.  If you want fast improvement Google golden paste, make it and take it as directed.
906. I sprayed a biking backpack that I wear when I ride my bike.  I often carry food and a lot of stuff in it and it always gets grimy.  I washed it once in the machine and it did o.k. but I decided to spray it all over with this spray.  It went on fine.  The family said it had a smell but I could barely detect it.  I had enough to lay on two coats with some left over.  I haven't used my backpack yet but I needed to get a review up in time so I will update it if I think it doesn't work as advertised.
907. I sprayed the back, seat and arms of a old chair that I recently had re-upholstered and didn't want stains to get on the new fabric.  This product sprays easily and I layed  it on pretty heavy and used up the can.  It didn't chain the color of the fabric and it smells fine.  I don't know at this time how well my fabric will protected from food drops and animal dirt.  It seems so far to be a good product.
908. Getting kids to eat healthy is not the easiest chore in the world and they need good gut health as much as adults do.  I think these chewable probiotics are a good way to get some extra probiotics into your kids.  I have teens that won't drink my home made kombucha or kefir (loaded with naturally occurring probiotics) so I like to give them probiotics in a chewable form and these were a big hit.  These have a high CFU which are derived from 5 strains of bacteria.  There are probiotics in pill form that have a much higher CFU count from many more strains, but most kids balk at taking pills.
909. I really do think that this is a good product for joint health.  I've been taking glucosamine and chondroitin in pill form for several years and so far my joints have been very healthy.  I don't much like swallowing pills so when I can find a supplement in a gummy or liquid form I like to try them out.  That said, this stuff tastes awful.  It's really hard for me to swallow it down and I will have to mix it up with something the mask it's flavor.
910. Oh my!  I found this to be like drinking pancake syrup it was so thick and sweet.  I have since started diluting it in about 6 oz. of water.  I can't really tell if it helps with recovery or not.  I play a lot of competitive tennis and sometimes come off the court absolutely whacked.  The next time that happens I'll try this protein drink again and see if it helps with energy recovery.  Until then I'm giving it 3 stars.
911. I can't smell this but for just a micro second after spraying it.  It initially has a little bit of a bleach smell but then nothing.  I sprayed some in my daughter's really stinky running shoes and it helped a lot.  I could use this in a gallon size since we have pets and stinky tennis shoes.  It seems to work as advertised so unless it stops working I think it deserves 5 stars.
912. I play a lot of competitive tennis.  I had a grueling match last weekend and was fatigued when it was over and I was finally back home.  I drank about 14 a bottle of the Vital Performance Recovery Drink and put the rest in the refrigerator.  It's a week later and the bottle is still there, untouched.  I felt better after drinking the amount I drank, but it doesn't taste very good.  I think I will take the remainder bottle with me to my next match and drink it during the match and see if it helps me keep my energy level up.  I like the idea of recovery drinks, but I need something more palatable.
913. These are excellent boxes for gift giving, especially if the box needs to be kind of fancy (not like re-using old Amazon boxes) to match the occasion.  The come flat but are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  The boxes are textured and are a lovely white color.
914. These are excellent boxes for presenting gifts in.  They are made of good, white cardboard that have a nice sheen and a good texture.  They are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  Just fold on the creases and slide the tabs into the slots on the bottom.  I wouldn't put a particularly heavy object in them since the tabs and slots are all that keep the bottom intact.  These boxes make a perfect cube shape.
915. I am really pleased that this product came up on my list of items I can review. When I saw it I instantly selected it because I know that Chlorella is an excellent green superfood. I love superfoods and consume them often. This one is just Chlorella with no Spirulina added, but if you want both in a capsule it's easy to find here on Amazon. If it's only Chlorella you're interested in this is a great way to take it. I like both the powdered and capsule forms. I like the powder for my smoothies but sometimes I don't want a smoothie and the capsules are a great alternative. I always feel better and more energized when I consume green superfoods. They have a lot of nutrition and naturally occurring minerals. There is nothing negative I can find to say about this product.
916. I have reviewed a LOT of blue-light blocking reading glasses and I can easily say these are the best so far.  They are light weight and so easy and comfortable to wear.  I have a very sensitive and narrow nose bridge and I've been wearing a pair of these glasses for several hours now with absolutely no problem.  The lenses are clear and non-distorting.  They come with soft cases and cleaning cloths.  The frames seem to be well-built and sturdy.  There is absolutely nothing negative I can find to say about them.
917. I have purchased a lot of Chaga mushroom powder in the past because it is know to be a incredibly powerful anti-viral.  With this weird flu going around the planet I wanted extra Chaga for my entire family to keep our immune systems healthy.  When this Chaga powder with Shilajit powder came up on my list of items I could review I jumped on it.  I've knows about the wonderful health benefits of Chaga for some time, but after reading about Shilajit I knew I wanted more so I have put some on my wish list to order later when this runs low.  Shilajit is know for keeping brains healthy and mild Alzheimer's at bay.  My mother suffered from dementia in her final years and I absolutely do not want to go through what she went through.  This product comes very well packaged and I feel it is excellent quality.
918. The mushrooms used in this blend offer a lot of health benefits but I selected it for review mainly for the Chaga mushroom content.  Chaga mushroom chunks and powder is very expensive but it has an absolutely amazing anti-viral capacity.  It's very potent and mixed with these other excellent mushroom powders makes a very good supplement.
919. It's just like pouring a little oil into your coffee.  It floats on the top in circles of oil.  This has a little bit of creamer effect but not much and I think it's awfully expensive.  As of this review one box of these non-dairy MCT Oil Creamers costs $27.00.  I'm not on a ketogenic diet, but if I was I think I'd buy a bottle of MCT oil and add it and just drink my coffee black.  It's o.k. but nothing to write home about.
920. I'd like to know exactly what's in this leather conditioner but no where on the box or product page does it say.  I'm pretty sure it has a lot of coconut oil in it since it smells like coconut.  It's kind of soft, and doesn't take much pressure to get some on the included sponge.  It cleaned a couple of purses and an old pair of shoes pretty well, but if it's mainly coconut oil I have that here at home for a lot less money.
921. I have to have electrolytes when playing tennis. I play very competitively, especially during the summer months when it's very hot here in the Deep South. If I don't have an electrolyte drink available during a match I start getting the shakes and afterwards I am prone to muscle cramping which hurts like you-know-what. I have tasted these electrolyte drops and they taste fine in water, but I haven't been able to test it out on a hot court since it's still winter. But, looking at the ingredients list it seems to have everything I need and more. I especially like the extra potassium it contains.  And I usually have to add a little NaCl to it since I sweat so much of it out while playing but I probably won't have to because it contains 125mg of sodium per serving.  I'm really looking forward to using this electrolyte come this Spring and Summer.
922. Unless you are just loaded with money and don't mind spending $79.98 for a MONTH'S SUPPLY of this supplement, I'd find these components elsewhere for a lot cheaper.  Turmeric capsules are cheap and easy to find, Astaxanthin and Holly Basil Leaf supplements are cheap and easy to find, and probably Artic Pine too. No way would I buy this especially for the turmeric content.  I have bags of turmeric powder (can be found at a regular grocery store) and about a billion capsules of turmeric supplement and I know it's cheap to buy.  I also have a lot of holly basil and astaxanthin to take anytime I need it.  I'm sure the contents and bioavailability of these MOVE capsules are very good, and they're easy to swallow, but my cheapness just won't let me part with that much money for something I can get for less than half and more of it.
923. I've been taking a CoQ10 supplement for the last several years mainly because it's very good for heart health.  These gelcaps are big, but not too hard to swallow and only one per day is the dosage.  I'm not a CoQ10 expert, but as far as I can tell these are good quality and I have no reservations in taking them.
924. This are perfect when space in your luggage is at a premium.  If you're only traveling for a few days toss several of these in your toiletry bag and you'll be set.  This is so much better than trying to fill up a travel bottle with mouthwash and finding a toothpaste tube with the least amount in it.  I have nothing negative to say about these dental packs whatsoever.
925. This is my first experience with Barley Grass Juice powder and I think I love it.  I've read that it's a complete food and is excellent for Vegans and Vegetarians though I'm neither.  I don't know the exact price of this bag as of this review, but I think it's probably around $48.00, which is out of my price range.  Therefore, I will consume it for the health benefits, (probably in more smoothies) and then go back to my other green superfoods that I also love.  This is very good, high quality barley grass JUICE powder and not the Barley plant dried and ground up.
926. Triphala powder is a combination of 3 powerful Ayurvedic herbs - Amla, Bibhitaki and Haritake.  Triphala has several uses which have been studied.  It is an anti-inflammatory, anti-carcinogen and a anti-microbial.  It has shown promise in mice studies to reduce belly fat and it is a natural laxative.  It also has shown to be be very helpful in reducing plaque and gum disease.  A mouthwash made of this can help with periodontal disease.  This particular Triphala powder seems to be high quality and is organic.
927. The vitamin C in these gummies is ascorbic acid and scientific research says that's not really vitamin C.  I think the best ingredient in these gummies is the zinc.  Zinc is a good at helping the immune system to fight off cold viruses.  These gummies taste great and I could eat the entire bottle in one sitting if I didn't exercise control, but I'm not too keen on the vitamin C source.
928. My daughter plays snare drum in her marching band and she teaches drum in her teacher's studio so there's a lot of loud harmful noise that needs to be greatly reduced so she won't lose any hearing or develop tinnitus later in life.  She likes these earplugs and says they are definitely 5 stars.  They fit in her ears well, cut down on a lot of damaging frequencies and are comfortable to wear.
929. Moringa powder is known for it's anti-oxidant properties, is an anti-bacterial and anti-fungal, also may help with cardiovascular problems and improve brain health.  I put some in a smoothie and couldn't taste it.  This Moringa powder seems to be very good quality and finely ground.
930. We can't taste anything in this drink.  It tastes just like Seltzer water to me.  Hubs thinks it tastes bitter.  I just can't see buy cans of seltzer water despite them looking chic and interesting in the lunch room.  When someone asks if they can taste it they're going to say they don't taste anything.
931. These pill boxes are attractive but not as attractive as they look in the picture on the product page and won't hold many pills.  And they aren't nearly the quality of pill boxes of yore.  I've had boxes of about the same quality and eventually something always went wrong with them but maybe these will hold up.  I wish they didn't have the plastic insert which makes you put the pills into 3 different sections.  if you only have to carry a few pills with you then these boxes should work out alright.
932. I wrote on the back of the bag what the uses for this powder are, and how to mix it up in hot water.  Put about 14 - 12 teaspoon in hot (not boiling water) let it cool and drink it down.  It tastes awful. It can be sweetened with a little bit of honey if necessary.  It's supposed to be good for gastrointestinal health, weight lose, is an anti-oxidant and anti-bacterial, lowers blood sugar levels, increases insulin sensitivity and is often used to treat mouth ulcers and gum disease.  It should not be taken during pregnancy.  If you take too much it can make you poop a lot.  As far as I can tell, this powdered Haritaki is very finely powdered and is good quality.
933. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
934. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
935. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
936. think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
937. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while. You get 4 pairs in this pack.
938. I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.  You get 4 pairs in this pack.
939. I don't know why I keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items I can review. I really can't tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming. I assume they are healthy in some way so I dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies. I can't even detect that the AyuForest Karela powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and I can't taste it. You don't get very much of it though and the package is small.  I guess if you are interested in Karela powder you already know why you want it. I'll just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
940. I don't know why I keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items I can review.  I really can't tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming.  I assume they are healthy in some way so I dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies.  I can't even detect that the Astragalus powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and I can't taste it.  I guess if you are interested in Astragalus powder you already know why you want it.  I'll just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
941. I have used all sorts of Duracell brand batteries for years and never had a problem with any of them. They have always lasted a long time in whatever device I needed them for and they also have a long shelf life. I've had them in the package for years before using and they were still very good. These are so much better than any Chinese or knock-off battery I've tried to use.
942. I think these balloons are pretty good quality.  Mine didn't have any holes like some other reviewers balloons did.  You only get one number per package of balloons so if you need two of the same number you'll have to order two packages.  I used a mattress inflater to fill them but only used air - no helium, though I think they would look great floating.  They seem to hold air for a long time and the pink color is very pretty.
943. These pills are big, and 2day is the recommended dosage.  I think they are good, but if I'm swallowing that many big pills I would like for them to contain more vitamins and minerals than they do.  I know they aren't supposed to be a mulit-vitamin, but a good mulit-vitamin contains all that and more.  i've been taking them for about two weeks and have not noticed any negative side effects or stomach upset.
944. Flavor is the first criteria I review when reviewing energy drinks, and I have reviewed a lot of them.  It's still too much on the sweet side but almost all of them are.  I don't know why they have to be so sweet, I usually add limelemon juice to them to cut the sweet.  That said, I play two hard sets of singles yesterday in the hot sun and had my water bottle filled with this energy booster.  I felt o.k. for the most part. Playing in the sun really saps my energy so knowing that I was still going pretty strong towards the end of the match tells me this stuff must be helping.
945. This filter is working fairly well in our shower.  Hubs isn't tall so it didn't affect him, but I am tall and it comes to just a an inch or so above my head.  I can still take a shower but the shower spray is not as diffuse as before.  Installing the filter was basically a no-brainer.  Take off shower head, install filter apparatus (even plumbing tape is included), put shower head back on.  We don't have a hard water problem here, but I like knowing a lot of chemicals are being filtered out.  I don't know how long these filters will last but I will be ordering more just to have on hand.
946. My daughter is the one who really uses selfie-sticks and anything that will help her make movies with her iPhone.  She likes this selfie-stick tripod a lot, and especially that it has a place to hold the remote.  the Bluetooth connected easily to her phone, and she was soon taking pictures with her phone in it.  It doesn't go as high as her other iPhone tripod, but it's very portable.  The tripod legs are kind of short and the stability is not real good, but it will do.  She will be using this for class projects where she has make movies or video tape home physics experiments.
947. I drank this yesterday as directed on the side of the container and I seemed to have more energy than I thought I would at my evening tennis practice.  I had worked out pretty hard using the tennis ball machine earlier that day and was kind of dragging before tennis practice time.  I drank a full 8 oz of water with one scoopful of Gen One Nutrition-Intramino Intra-Workout BCAA Amino Acids Powder and I really did feel pretty good and played well at practice.  I wasn't even very tired when I got home and our coach had us doing conditioning drills.  The flavor was sort of coconut-like and sweet.  I wish it was not so sweet but it seems that most of these type powders just load up on sweetness.  It dissolved well in water and I didn't see any clumps.  I like this but will have to add some lemon juice to it next time to tone down the sweet.
948. I add a scoopful of Maca powder and a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my smoothies as extras.  My main ingredients are my green superfood powders, banana,milk kefir, protein powder and whatever else I have that I want to toss in.  I haven't had any adverse reaction from the Maca powder and from what I've read it's supposed to help with a lot of various ailments - menopausal problems being what I am most interested in, though I can't really tell if my hot flashes are decreasing or not.  And I can't really detect any taste or weird texture since it's getting mixed up with other things, but some people sprinkle it on yogurt, oatmeal, salads, etc....straight out of the package.  While growing up nothing like these superfood powders were ever available so I like consuming them now that I can.
949. I've never even heard of Amalaki until this powder came up for review.  I selected it because I really love these types of things and am always looking for something extra and good, to add to my daily smoothies.  I use a lot of super food powders because I really do feel better after consuming them.  I added a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my regular smoothie and it actually gave it a better flavor.  They had always been a little overly-sweet and the Amalaki powder really balanced it out well.  I read that Amalaki fruit is very high in vitamin C and is supposed to be very good for the digestive system.  My digestive system can give me some serious grief at times and is the main reason I started making my own milk kefir, kombucha and other fermented foods to get the natural probiotics they contain.  So far, I have not had any gastic problems drinking my smoothies containing Amalaki and I can only hope it helps in the ways it has been reported to do so.
950. I mixed a heaping scoopful in some cold, filtered water and it took some stirring but finally seemed to dissolve.  It turned the water a beautiful cherry red but it did not taste like cherries.  It tastes a lot like beets (since beets are the primary ingredient) and I could detect the flavor of the soil they were grown in.  I've grown organic beets in my raised beds and I never could get the dirt taste completely out of them so I'm not complaining.  As far as sweetness goes, there was very little despite it being sweetened with Stevia.  I will be putting this into my smoothies and kefir smoothies from now on since it's flavor is not all that good but the ingredients are top notch.
951. We always keep electrolytes of various brands and flavors not just for the kids, but for us grown ups too.  I've used Mommy Bliss products before and they were very good.  These do taste a bit salty but salt is a very important electrolyte and for me, the most important one.  But it's in balance with other electrolytes so whoever is feeling ill should probably get some relief if they can keep these down.  I use electrolytes every time I play tennis since I sweat so much and I need the salt to recover quickly.
952. What can you say about baby oil?  It's oily, smells nice and has aloe vera in it.  It's as good, if not better than other brands of baby oils I have used over the years.  I use baby oil mainly in the bath tub on those rare occasions that I have enough time, peace and quiet to take a long soak.  I will pour a medium stream of baby oil into the bathwater and I come out all nice and soft.  The price of these 4 large bottles is excellent - as of this review a pack of 4, 20 oz bottles only costs $8.92.
953. I like that these contain 10 billion CFU from 4 different strains, and only one capsule per day is required.  There are 14 capsules in a bottle so it will last just for two weeks, making these probiotics kind of pricey at a little over one dollar per capsule.  That said, they didn't upset my stomach at all and I generally feel better when taking probiotics.  They don't contain, gluten, dairy or soy.
954. I'm giving this 5 stars even though it's mainly petroleum jelly.  I had always used the traditional, white diaper rash creams on my kids when they were babies and it wasn't until I used it on myself after getting chafed from a long hike did I realize that those diaper rash creams stung. I hope my babies weren't stung by the name brand diaper creams that were used on them but I wish I had the Petite Planet Multipurpose to use on them instead.  It's clear and has a nice scent, and though I don't know for sure, I doubt it will sting much, if any when applied to irritated skin.  I have used it on my hands, elbows and face and it feels fine, but greasy like petroleum jelly.
955. Hubs swears by this stuff.  He used to always complain about his neck being stiff and sore and says it's been fine for a long time since taking Viva Glucosamine every day.  He even asked me to put it on regular re-fill order.  I take it when I can remember too and it seems to help my crackling knees.
956. Easy to assemble and decent construction. These boxes will be perfect for holding party favors or small beauty products for a beautiful unboxing experience. I used some of these for an event and others for giving out graduation gifts and they all looked great no matter the occasion.
957. If you want to give your house a deep clean, then sometimes harsh chemicals HAVE GOT to be used - especially for degreasing, stains, etc. and these protect your hands very well. They are easy to wash and reuse and provide ample coverage to protect your skin and nails.
958. I have been using this for grilling and salads and it tastes great. I am not too crazy about the plastic bottle though, so I used it to top off a glass bottle that I had previously used and will continue to add to that one. It has a very smooth taste and many, many uses!
959. I love the premise of this; vitamins to help you feel good during practice and contribute to keeping you fit and limber. This line has such a wonderful array of products and this is no exception. I've only been taking them for a few days but so far I like them a lot and recommend giving them a try.
960. This vanilla essential oil smells so good. It came in a 100 ml bottle, which will last a long time. The vanilla scent is just as it should be...vanilla and not perfume. I am very happy with this oil and plan on ordering from this company, again!!
961. I use 6 diffusers, throughout, our home, daily, and I spend a small fortune on Essential Oils. I have used the same company for years and I never thought I could be swayed to like oils from any other company until I tried the oils in Salty Essential Oils. I tried the Lemon in my hall bathroom because it was a smaller space and I wanted to see if I could smell the oil  It was fantastic!! I tried this same experiment with the Frankincense and Bergamot. Fabulous!! The scents last after the diffuser has run out. As I write this, I have been enjoying Orange in my living room. I love that each oil has an explanation of what it can be used for...example, sleep, headache, etc. What an unexpected pleasure this product has brought to me. I am so glad I ordered it!!
962. They are like a yummy healthy vegan treat! My fiance even likes them and he usually dislikes gummies.
963. Thank you for quick delivery nice producthopefully will last long
964. Little to no taste or texture. But had me up all night. I could not sleep until 6am. I tend to sleep about 2am. But I wanted to start sleeping sooner. I took it about 11pm. Just did not sleep at all. Maybe it will work good for you. Absolutely didn't work at all for me.
965. These are pretty sturdy. Can be washed and reused easily.  They dry quickly. They are too thin to be washed in a washing machine. I plan on using about a sheet a week to clean my kitchen counters. These are way better than using a towel or sanitizing wipes. As these are biodegradable and better for the earth.I ordered these in two colors, magenta and fuchsia. They are basically the same color. And the color dosen't bleed off the fabric.
966. I like cooking with wooden utensils because they won't damage my cookware or conduct heat, so this olive wood spatula is exactly what I'm looking for. The wood grain is beautiful, and it's carved from one piece of olive wood and feels so well-made that I doubt it will ever splinter or break. It feels good in the hand, has just the right amount of heft without being heavy, and the handle is long enough to make this useful to use in all of my pans.The shape of this spatula makes it very useful. The sides of the head are wide enough to scrape my favorite pans down when cooking and also have a slight curve which helps to fold batters or stir sauce.  The tip of the spatula has a slight taper to its front edge which is useful when turning fried foods. The leading edge of this spatula seems thin enough to turn French toast or get under the lip of an omelet to roll it, but probably not thin enough to turn pancakes with.I'm giving this 4 stars rather than 5 because some of the finishing details could be better. The leading edge of the spatula felt rough enough to catch a sponge when cleaning, so I gave it some additional sanding. Also, the top of the handle is sharply squared off and rough rather than being rounded and smooth. That makes it uncomfortable to hold, so I sanded that down until it was more rounded and smooth and now the handle feels fine.I own other kitchen utensils made of olive wood and know that if you take care of this spatula it can last for many years to come. Be sure to hand wash it only and apply some mineral oil every so often to keep it looking its best.Retail sample provided at a reduced price for evaluation and review purposes.
967. This is a very attractive hand carved beech wood spoon in natural oil finish. The shape and size of this spoon reminds me of the soup spoons at Asian restaurants, and it could be used for that. It has a notch carved into the back of the handle that would allow it to hook onto the bowl's rim so it couldn't slide down into the soup.  I'd need a few more of these to make a set of soup spoons though so I wasn't the only one with the pretty wooden spoon.This spoon is also just perfect for stirring sauces or puddings in the 2 quart sauce pan. The shape of the spoons deep bowl would allow it to reach deeply into the pot to scoop sauce or pudding up, swirl it to the side, and fully stir it all up. I could see me making Hollandaise sauce using this spoon, and once I was finished making it, I could use the spoon to ladle it over the poached eggs.  It would also be perfect as a serving spoon, showcased on the table or buffet to serve sauces or dip with. This beautiful little 8&#34; spoon is hand carved, so I felt every aspect of the spoon and didn't feel a single rough place. I'm very pleased with the quality and the appearance of this spoon. Be sure to hand wash it only and it should last a long time.Retail sample provided at a reduced price for evaluation and review purposes
968. Good product
969. Notice whitening after three days.  The powder shows the places that you miss when brushing.  Great idea!
970. I used one pair for bathroom, and I used another pair for bathroom
971. Got this to wear when must be outside my bubble. Hope it is working to keep virus at bay. Who knows !
972. I definitely need something else
973. Help with pain on the heels when you walk.  would recommend
974. Very good quality scale
975. Love this product very refreshing
976. Very sparkly.
977. They stretch and don’t come apart
978. It straightens hair beautifully and leaves great shine.  I only wish it worked on wet hair too.
979. Awesome product
980. Comfortable, easy to use, provides support
981. Stops working after about 30 seconds and I’ve tried charging it overnight, still won’t last
982. Small and convenient, this is the ideal travel shaver.  It shaves cleanly,  quick to recharge, and easy to clean.  Convenient for travel as well as home use.
983. I've been watching a lot of Kdramas lately and the characters often take these supplements in small pouches.  I was interested in trying this calcium jelly supplement.  The calcium supplement is expensive at around $2 per pouch but it is much tastier than the large calcium pills that I normally take.  The supplement is a mix of jelly and fruit leather texture and has a sweet pomegranate taste.  The supplement doesn't have sugar or water but it has a nice light burnt sugarcaramel and pomegranate taste.
984. Handy and elegant, this pill container is not the usual pillbox found in the drugstore.  It is small enough to slip into a bag & carry around and big enough to accommodate one’s medical needs.  It has 6 compartments.  It is also a pleasure to take out and handle.
985. These cleaning sheets don't come with instructions re: how much water to use. I used half a sheet and a bucket and gradually added as I needed.  The sheet dissolved easily and the detergent worked well.  I like that it is so easy to store and such a space saver, thus eco-friendly.  I wasn't sure if it would work as well as regular cleanser but it was effective and did not give off the toxic fumesscent.
986. I'm new to wood repair kits but our contractor suggested using this sort of kit to hide small cracks and scratches.  Depending on the depth of the scratch, I used the wax crayon first and then the marker to cover the color.  I used this on our older scratched furniture and on the wood accents on our window sills.  Not too difficult although it takes some time to get used to the materials.  It did help make scratches less visible, so the kit was worth it for us.
987. This toner feels light going on but it provides deep hydration.  I have combination sensitive skin and it doesn't leave me skin overly shiny. It doesn't cause any redness, irritation or sensitivity. It leaves my skin feeling soft and well hydrated.
988. I had to have a handyman help me put this in the trap underneath the kitchen sink. I did notice that the sink drained faster and with less issues after having used the tablet.  It was less convenient than using a powder version but it did work.
989. This essener works as a mix of toner and essence.  It comes beautifully packaged in a sturdy glass bottle.  I use about a quarter sized amount of essener and pat it on my skin until it is fully absorbed. The liquid hydrates without feeling greasy or sticky.  It gives the skin added nutrients and hydrates.
990. This face shield doesn't come with instructions. I ended up attaching the plastic cover to the outside of the glasses, closer to my face. I had some trouble fitting the plastic insert in the middle space of the glasses - the corners didn't fit right.  While the plastic is clear and it is easy enough to see using this face shield, it didn't feel as sturdy as some of the others that I've used in the past.  It should be okay for indoor use but with the wind, etc outside I would not use this particular face shield.The face shield is worn like glasses and is propped up on the nose.  It is reasonably comfortable for short periods but I wouldn't want to use it all day.
991. With the Covid 19 pandemic, flu season and cold weather, I've been looking for ways to bolster my health.  Zinc is supposed to be just one of the ways to help the immune system and these ImmunoSwift lozenges are an easy way for me to increase my Zinc intake. They dissolve quickly and have a minty taste. It is important to me that these are vegan and sugar free.  I've been taking them when my throat is itchy and I feel a bit under the weather.  I haven't had a sudden burst of health, but I am happy to continue taking them to keep myself at my current healthy level.
992. I am new to this brand Joon X Moon and find them very giftable.  The packaging is beautiful and their scrubs and bubble bath fizz formulas would cheer me or my friends up at the end of a long week.The Bubbling Bath Fizz has a lovely scent which permeates the bathroom for a while as well.  I tried both the Lavender and the Champagne scents and loved them. The instructions don't say how much to put, so I put 2 capfuls and this was enough to give gentle bubbles and a lovely scent.The lavender is strong but not medicinal and the champagne has a slightly fruitier almost lychee undertone.  Both are lovely and not overly sweet.  The bubbles are soft and plentiful and the scents are relaxing and make me feel like I am somewhere else.  The minerals in the bath also feel soothing.  Overall, it feels very pampering and helps to wash away a tough week.I love the way that these bottles look in the bathroom as well.  Another reviewer mentioned they'd prefer to have them in glass containers, but it feels safer not to have glass in the bathroom where it might slip or get knocked off.
993. I like this small dustpan and brush set and prefer to use it for our dining room table and my desk. It helps remove the different crumbs or eraser bits more effectively than using a brush or sponge or my hand.  It also is small enough to keep in a desk drawer and encourages me to tidy up.
994. Citrus Blast is a straightforward aromatherapy oil that is easy to use as a roll on.  It smells like a mix of orange and lemon. It goes on smoothly and without any oiliness or stickiness.  It doesn't cause any irritation or redness or sensitivity to my skin or from the scent.I like the refreshing scent - it helps me focus and I expect that I will use it when traveling to help fight nausea or motion sickness.
995. This leather cleaner works very well both for shoes and for leather bags.  I tried it on a small spot before using it on the full bag. It was easy to apply as I can control the amount of cleaner. It just requires even application and careful rubbing and it moistens and revitalizes leather.
996. We have been trying to eat a whole food, plant based diet.  Part of this effort means finding ways to consume more vegetables in regular food. We also try to "eat the rainbow", increasing the different types and colors of produce.While we use mostly fresh and frozen vegetables, this spinach powder is easy to add to sauces, soups, even baked goods. I have just started using it but it has a mild flavor that adds to tomato sauce. It is very convenient.
997. I've tried different electric toothbrushes over the years. It is particularly nice to have one that is so easily portable.  This works almost as well as my Sonicare brush, but the added convenience that comes with its size and being able to take it with me is much appreciated.The toothbrush pulses at 30 second intervals and shuts off in 2 minutes.  The toothbrush has 5 different modes and 3 strength options, so the brush adjusts to the strength and power that you need.
998. Slim, lightweight, pocket umbrella. It's size and weight make it easy to slip in a coat pocket or handbag. It is a regular umbrella, not particularly sturdy. When the wind gusts in New York City, the wind tunnels can be brutal and have ruinedinverted all but the sturdiest umbrellas. I still have to put this to the test, I suspect it will be similar to drugstore umbrellas.
999. These silk sleep masks are soft and stay on without being too tight. I only use a sleep mask when traveling, to help reduce light and to signal that I don't want to be disturbed.  I find these sleep masks to effectively block out the light.
1000. I grew up using hot water bottles when I had stomach aches or back aches. It's been harder to find hot water bottles though. This bottle is the same as I'd used for years. It is easy to fill up and comes with an additional cover to prevent people from touching the bottle when it is too hot.  While many people don't use these hot water bottles, once you've used it when you're feeling poorly, you'll see how helpful and comforting they are.  I rely on them when I'm feeling poorly and waiting for medicine or my cure to kick in.
