i really cannot tell any difference and it is noisy. i bought it for litter box smell. i really cannot tell any difference.
i use this along with two other ways to help naturally treat my sons 11 adhd. 10 drops in the oj in the morning mixed with two other things brings my kid way down. enough to focus at school without adderal. i have tried many things for years and finally have the combo he needs. this was recommended to us by my sons new holistic dr.
i bought this product but it did not fit my massage table. the return policy said it could be returned or replaced. however, i tried returning and it says not returnable. i am now stuck with pricey, unusable pad.
arrived crammed into a box about the size containing 20 bags of tea. to cram it in there the tubing is bent and kinked. bent rubber cracked and will not hold air. returned.
i have nasal issues, and like my mother, boxes of tissue in every room and car.  i do not have cup holders in my car, but these would work perfectly there.  they are not super soft and thick but not thin and rough either, so they are fine.  my only recommendation is to look at the diagram on amazon on how to open it up, i did not and ripped off the top, i taped it back together tougher and the canister works great, one coming out after one is pulled up and out very easily.
works great. since they do you might ask yourself why do you need five. case is great
did not have nearly the amount of shoulder correction i was looking for. provides basic lower back support, same as a wrap support would, and a slight pullback for the shoulders, but not that much.
ok but not all that powerfull like the old wahl i had
the bath bombs all look and smell the same. they are fairly largeabout the size of medium oranges. not gift quality i am going to as the box does not scream luxuryrather it says utility. plus it has a wide plastic wrap around it. there is a bar code label firmly stuck on the box which says 'made in china.' i was unable to remove it without tearing the box. so again, an argument against gifting.the bombs are individually wrapped and are strong smelling. just all the same which is a great pity. there is a tiny variation in colour due to to the swirls, but that is it.bath bombs have become fancy these days and so these do not compare well. they fizzed and floated for a while and kids love that, but other than that, nothing special. overall the smell was too strong.
this is an amazing keto supplement. helps burn fat fast. great price
i purchased based on serios keto review on utube.  ugg! they taste horrible.  i love the carmel collagen powder, so i am disappointed these are so bad.
love this product! works just like it says it will, awesome.
works better than anything
id been using burts bees drops, saw these, and thought to try them.bad idea.bad taste.bad texture.in addition  they are far too pricey.not something id get again or recommend.
these are very cute and very well made socks!
would not spend more the. 10 on this. malfunctions after first use.
nothing but love
best toothpaste ever.hard to find whitening as well as clean mint.fast delivery
just okay. for dusting, probably good. for actually cleaning the floor, not so much.
i just received my first order of junp and i am so excited to have found it!  my uncle, who works in the medical field, recommended it to me.  after being a longtime liquid iv user, i  was looking for something less expensive but just as good.  i am really pleased to see that junp contains even more variety and quantity of necessary electrolytes than the liquid iv product.  i also like the "texture" of the junp in my water better.  jump is less sweet, but just as delicious, and i love that it comes in a small canister that is easy to store...it does not crowd my pantry.we go through a lot of electrolyte mix around here with 2 high school athletes!  my husband and i are also in our 40s and have to be more conscious of our nutrition, and the junp will help us with natural hydration and energy so we can avoid caffeinated sodas.
one tabet is supposed to last 30 days not true 1 tab lasts 2 weeks i live alone and have marked the calendar to make sure i was correct, disappointing.
they smell amazing however you would probably need 20 of them to be able to consistently smell them. here and there it will be noticeable, but its amazing when it is.
this product is amazing and i would not be without it now.
i prefer my battery operated warming socks in frigid wi.  sorry
now i can get the whole first floor windows done. the building is very tall so the second and third are out of the question but the main floor looks good
selectsocial cbd products are great. they are third party tested for accuracy. and the little extras like the herbals in their capsules are a nice added bonus.
great product. they really help relieve pain in heels. however placement is everything. if not done correctly it will be a mess.
my air filter systems uv light system burned out...bought this, and plugged in right next to my air filter.  working great!
this is a great comparison to johnson and johnson brand
helping with tummy issues. using with oregano oil, too.
dmso is good stuff. it helped to defeat carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists, and arthritic shoulders and knees. absolutely amazing.
great for long flights. worked great. i would suggest wearing another pair of normal sock over because these are thin and have no cushion.
only 90 minutes run time...needed hours
i have endometriosis and have terrible cramps and vaginal pain during my cycle. a friend in my support group recommended to give these a try so i bought them. they are wonderful! they do not fully make cramps go away but they do ease them especially the vaginal pain. they smell very nice but are lightly dented. i am very sensitive and they have not given me any issues. the cooling feeling was a bit more than i expected when i first used them but it is very refreshing and great for pain. i also have a few of their cleansing products and i love everything i have tried from honey pot!
i have been taking carnitine capsules to help with fibro pain.  let us see how these worked.how these comethese come in an orange plastic bottle with an orange childproof cap.  the pills inside are pressed white powder.are they hard to swallow?these tablets are a bit on the long side, but they are not too big to swallow, if you are sure to have a lot of water in your mouth.any bad reactions?i have not had any burping, or bad digestive reactions to these.do they help?i find that taking these does help with fibro pain and energy about as well as the powder in gel caps that i normally take.  they do help take a bit of the edge off of the pain.the bottom linethese tablets are not the same as the powder in capsules i usually take but they seem to work as well to help with fibro pain and energy levels.  the orange bottle is great to help me find it quickly.my ratingfive stars.  i am glad that i got these.  i was not sure when i first saw them, but after taking them, i think they work pretty well.
great bag for the money durable. i highly reccomend
very good product. the handle is good quality and makes using the pumice stone very easy.
it works well, glad i got it. the jets work nicely. i like the option of high jets or lower yet. easy to instal. the suction cups hod the jets we will
love these for making candies mainly i just make organic gummy candy's for a treat they work well and the shapes are awesome. also can use for jello
this brush is probably the easiest way to straighten your hair....i have very long, very thick hair, and anything else has been a pain in the butt to use.  this has made it very, very easy! i highly recommend it!
hate, hate, hate. these are impossibly thin. and for someone like me, with large calves, it is a real pain to try to get them on. i returned for a full refund.
absolutely love the powerdot and the wireless, bluetooth capabilities. as an athlete i can take this anywhere and use it at any time without worrying about having to hold the main component. its easy to pack, transport and use anywhere. its a high quality product that i would recommend to anyone of any level for any reason.
discourages mosquitoes and can be safely used every day.  i use the original spray skin so soft if i am going to be outside working.
works like comet should!
but it is actually a good mixture of soft, but not linty, and no chemicals to irritate my bum. the price from some vendors varies greatly so watch out for that.
i have been taking lion's mane mushroom powder for about 2 months solid and find that it has basically no flavor at all. i put it in my coffee or a turmeric tea, it mixes in well and it is easy to drink. i have done a some research on it and it seems to be a very good supplement and highly beneficial for good health. here are some the benefits it has enhanced brain functioning ability to prevent or slow the growth of cancer supports heart health helps with depression and anxiety potent antioxidant reduces inflammation boosts immune system supports digestive healththe only side effect i have been able to find is that it might cause a slight skin rash with some minor itching but is very rare and not considered serious, just irritating. i think this is a very good lion's mane supplement.
i love this scale very much. it syncs right away with my phone and fitbit app. the only funny thing is i have to weigh 3 times to get a very accurate reading. well worth it to me. my daughter uses it also and i love how you can choose the initials of the person so it syncs to the right person. i love it... the batteries that came with it had a very short shelf life so be prepared to replace them right away. the new batteries are going strong. i also noticed it does not like really cold floors. not sure why, but that is what it seems like to me.
healthy, soyfree, dairyfree protein? awesome. i use it in mealreplacement shakes with cocoa powder, a little sugar, and sometimes peanut butter powder or powdered heavy cream. and the price is better than i expected.
worked ok for 3 months and stopped working. i try to contact the seller. will update soon.update. 4th november. seller still not responding!!!!!
i did not expect them to be of such nice quality. i bought about 40 of them in total to give as gifts to those who take my face fitness class.
as you would expect. works great for stirring
these are listed as one size fits most. my thoughts on that were that that meant fits a lot of different sizes. not. i wear a 14 and there way no way these were going on. i gave them to my oldest daughter, who wears an 8, and they barely fit. not only were they difficult for her to get on in the first place, they kept sliding down, over time. the waistband does not hold them up very good and, with the thighs being so extremely tight, they kept wanting to work their way down. to be fair, they seem nice and warm. however, i would not recommend these for anyone over a size 8 at max! or, probably, under a size 6? maybe a 4 ?. not my idea of "one size fits most".1 star  awful! want my money back!2 stars  bad but not horrendous.3 stars  decentgood4 stars  really good!5 stars  excellent! definitely recommend!
i really like the quality of these gua sha pink stones from this particular company. it is polished and smooth, and i have not received a nicked or damaged one yet. it feels great after you have left it overnight in the fridge. overall i like the presentation and quality very much. recommended.
after only one night of two doses, this product has helped me with my asthma, coughing and excess mucus.  i was also able to fall back to sleep immediately. i will be ordering another one very soon! i am shocked  and thrilled that i found something that actually works,  has no flavor and no horrible side effects!ingredients active ingredients hpuseriodictyon californicum 8x yerba santaipecacuanha 8x ipecaclobelia inflata 8x indian tobaccochamomilla 8x german chamomilebelladonna 8x deadly nightshadecoffea cruda 8x coffeesolidago virgaurea 8x goldenrodsambucus nigra 8x european eldercrataegus 8x hawthorn
very comfortable.. and for the ridiculously low price, not falling apart after a month or two.i will easily by more of these when i do break ones i have, or wife takes them.come with slim cases and glass retainer cords.almost 5 star, really, for the price and quality so far.. but, i reserve 5 star for "perfect" items.. ;
this is a nice basket of bath bombs. the basket itself is a decent quality. the bath bombs are a little smaller than i expected, but they seem to "explode" slowly so you can relish the experience for a moment or two. the bombs are individually wrapped in plastic which has been a little difficult to open. the first bomb that i used, said it was grapefruit, but did not smell anything like the fruit. it had more of a flowery perfume scent. the next one that i used was the peppermint one and it did smell like peppermint so i do not know if the grapefruit one was mislabeled or not. the bombs have not left any noticeable rings in the tub. this would make a great gift!
excellent. these are lasting well over a year. the battery life is phenomenal. 7heads is the best configuration for inshower, bald facepate shaving.7heads are excellent. every bit the equal of my 5x more expensive foil shaver.as a note, i used a shaving creamconditioner provided by the hotel on the road some months ago and not this shaver. the hotel cream was too thick and stalled the razor. it was a bear to cleanout. it was the first time i ever had to pop the individual shaving heads ... i would suggest you avoid this if you have big hands. since then, i have stuck to my tried and true shaving cream that enables a close shave and easy flush cream.
this is a nice idea and concept, but the execution does not work for many faces. this ended up putting a lot of pressure on the bridge of my nose, which is not particularly huge or anything, but this definitely is made for people with tiny noses with a very small or low bridge. if that is not you, you are not going to like this. very uncomfortable, and the little hook bracket things do not connect to anything, so they do not stay in place.
love this shoe horn.  i am short with a bad spine.  the reach is totally adjustable.. works great
this was my first time trying chlorella powder and it will likely be my last. the smell alone turned my stomach. i tried to drink it, but the flavor is strong. i felt like i was drinking dirty water frogs had been splashing around in. i am sure the green color added to that mental picture. the powder is super powdery, so be careful opening the package. i used an immersion blender to get it mixed up. it seems like a nice product if you like the taste and scent. i am unable to bear it, though.
this is a fantastic set of blends for essential oil newbies. i have been dabbling in essential oils for aromatherapy, application, and cleaning purposes for a almost a year now and i have been pleasantly surprised with how much i like them. i am a big fan of diffusing them to help with quot;ailmentsquot; and i think this set of blends is an amazing deal for a great set.what i like1 this includes all of the most common oil blends that you can make if you have all of the individual oils. stress relief, sleepytime, headache remedy, breathe better, health shield immune booster, and muscle relief. there are lots of mixtures you can do depending on the issue you are addressing, but these have been the most common other than muscle relief that we have used in our house.2 the sizes of the bottles are great. its more than enough to last you a while, as you only need a few drops in your diffuser.3 they are already premixed in the correct amounts. no guesswork, no worrying if you have enough of one oil or not enough of another, and you can always add a couple more drops of whatever you want to make this more customizable  if you want to add slightly more eucalyptus or peppermint to the diffuser when you use quot;breathe,quot; for instance4 dark amber glass bottles and heavy duty caps to keep the oils safe.5 comes in a really nice box, so this would be perfect to give as a gift.what i do not likei honestly have not come across anything yet. all of the ones i have tried have been helpful and they smell exactly like the blends i had been doing.overall, i am glad i gave this set a try and i will definitely be buying my mother a set since she is just starting out with essential oils. i think this set is super convenient and well priced for what you get. i am very happy with it!i did receive this item for free for the purpose of testing and reviewing it, but my cost has no bearing on how i rate a product.
started using march 25, 2015 so do not know how it is working yet.
i love these aromatic steamer shower bombs! they are vividly colored, appropriately sized, delightfully scented, and affordably priced, and they always provide an invigorating shower experience! each disk comes individually wrapped, and the entire set is attractively packaged, but i will say that any other scented products i use at the same time as these overpower the fragrant scent of these bombs simply because body washes and shampoos are closer to my nose. the air is scented strongly for up to about 3 feet above each bomb, and they dissolve cleanly without staining surfaces, so id still recommend this boxed dozen to others!
my husband is very pleased with this trimmer. the price was what helped him decide to give this a try. he loves a good deal. he recommends this beard trimmer.
arrived on time, item as described.
great trimmer that worked well in shower. i still prefer a razor blade for a much closer shave.
comfortable fit but not much help with sweating under the mask
i was pleased at first but now i am not.  no matter how long i leave my contacts in, my eyes burn from this solution..  even after i rinsed my lenses with saline solution they still burned my eyes.  so i stopped using this and went back to bausch and lomb bio true lens solution!
first floss i have found that glides easily between my tightlyspaced teeth.  i am very happy with this product.
works great as advertised.
very nice, cannot wait to finish my current journal to get to use this one!
if you have a husband who snores and keeps you awake at night i would suggest you buy these. i do not know how i have lived so long without these.
i cannot take a lot of supplements due to the ingredients which end up doing more harm than good. i took these and taking these and have had zero problems. as for benefits, i cannot say that i have noted any unlike pqq.resveratrol has many health benefits and i was happy to give it a try. we are all different, perhaps others noticed a difference.this is made in the usa and gmp certified i always look for that. this is a vegan capsule which is great. i do not get the addition of lemongrass but perhaps i am missing something...there are 60 capsules here but the recommended dose is 2 per day so in reality this is a 30 days supply.
decent for the price
i have been battling vitamin d deficiency ever since i can remember and this supplement has been helping me a lot. this deficiency greatly affects my blood sugar levels, so i make it a point to religiously take this supplement. i have been getting decent numbers when my doctor orders complete blood panel tests  which goes to show that this supplement is doing its job!i received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. regardless, i only recommend products or services i use personally and believe will be good for other consumers like myself. i am just a regular consumer and i appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. my views and opinions are from a customerend users standpoint.
i was skeptical when i bought this razor due to the price...but, after using it for a couple of weeks, i can say that i really like this razor. do not let the price fool you. the battery life is also very good. my last razor would have to be recharged weekly. not this one. it arrived with 100 battery and i have yet to charge it and i still have plenty of battery left. i would buy it again in a heartbeat.
no complaints at all about these generic replacement heads for a sonicare. they fit well on my sonicare  not so tight that they are difficult to get on or off, and not so loose that they come off too easily. the fit is pretty much the same as the authentic sonicare brushes.although these are described as being soft, i would rate the bristles as medium or perhaps mediumsoft. the bristles are definitely harder than the sonicare ultra soft version, but are not as hard as the sonicare regular brushes. i would have preferred that they be just a tad softer than they are, but they are not so hard as to cause any notable gum irritation. the oblong head shape is good for getting at the gum line and reaching molars.the set of 8 come in a single box, with each brush individually sealed in a plastic pouch. plus, there is a cap over the end of each brush. i much prefer this type of packaging versus the blister pack method used by other generic replacement heads. it is easier to deal with and creates less packaging waste.no significant complaints about these  good value for the price.
woks great at lowering blood pressure and is reasonable priced!
lovely, i ordered it because it reminds me of those tibetan temple wheels.
nice unit but you can only set both leads to the same strength.  so if you have them in different locations they are still the same strength on both lines
very portable and easy for on the go! this pump worked extremely well for me, easy to clean, put together, and charger! great value for the price i used it while my little one was in the nicu and liked it better than the hospital pump. definitely worth the buy!!!
this is a 7 oz bag of usda certified organic maca root. it looks and smells like i expected. it smells and tastes pretty fresh to me.
this did not clean my teeth better than my electric toothbrush. i can feel it. alas, i still gave it a few days and nights to see how my teeth feel.i will be sticking with the electric brush as the bristles can actually get in between my teeth. this is a dense brush and i can see why they call it the cloud toothbrush on instagramfb. it is really soft, so for those with very sensitive gums, try this. it is worth checking out to see if it helps you.i also felt kind of nasty thinking about how i would get this completely clean if i continue using it for the full amount of time, as it seems food could easily get trapped in the dense bristles. it does have a textured back which i assume to be a tongue cleaner, however it is useless. each brush is in it is own container with breathing holes, however those are also very flimsy so if you get this knowing you will love it, i would grab a toothbrush case separately.basically felt like i was brushing with a sponge.
charge lasts forever! fast heating.absolutely the best i have ever owned even comparing to others twice the cost.
this is made of plastic, and does not hold suction.  bad product.
great product and good price.
we have used this for all three of our children from birth to when they get out of diapers.. its so gentle, easy to apply and works fast!
i have a lot of low backhip pain, and after a day of sitting at the computer all day kills me. i cannot afford a fancy ergonomic office chair, so i was ecstatic to see this show up. i have been using it for a couple weeks now, and i am amazed that i feel as good or better at the end of the day as i do when i start working. it conforms easily to my back while still providing excellent support. it is not overly molded so that it only fits one body typeshape. the unique design of the rubber stays firm when and where needed but is soft and cushy where needed too.one thing to note is that the cover is a stretchy fabric like spandex which allows it to stretch over the cushion but fit closely to it. there are two loops on the back which allow you to run a belt or rope to tie it in place onto your chair. however, since the fabric is so stretchy and the cushion fairly heavy, it pulls down into the seat rather than staying against the chair back, so i still have to push it up and into place when i come back to the chair. i am thinking of sewing a more structured cover that will not stretch so much to keep it in place better.i received a discount in exchange for an honest review.
it cleans
this is just the thing to have on hand. with the whole covid outbreak this is the kind of supplement that you do not need until you really need it. i like that it has elderberry, vitamins and b in addition to the standard vitamin c.
i love the massive amount of time turmeric in these capsules! turmeric is a wonderful, all natural, antiinflammatory, joint pain fighting machine! most brands that i have looked at have under 1000 mg per serving. but i was looking for a product that packed a bit more of a punch and this product was the winner! each serving of 3 veggie capsules contains over 2000 mg of turmeric as well as black pepper for maximum absorption. its organic and each bottle contains a months worth of capsules.
for the past 10 years, this is the easiest way i have found to give calcium to my 30 lb dog to supplement her home made diet. i use it with an "oral syringe" . i load it up every 10 days, squirt 1 ml into her dinner every night, that is it, no fuss no muss.  no refrigeration needed. best of all, her bloodwork is always just about perfect. being a product for humans, i can worry less about impurities that eggshells or petonly products might have.i had a whole lot of trouble finding this for a while. my local pharmacy stopped carrying it because they could not get it. i could not find it anywhere online. in the meantime i tried a different calcium solution. it did not have nearly the concentration and was very sticky. it meant giving my dog even more sorbate. that is not nearly as bad for them as xylitol, but it is always wise to keep artificial sweeteners to an absolute minimum for dogs. i ended up throwing it all out the minute i could restock on the roxane version. seems that roxane had to recertify it or something? anyway, it is still hard to find and i am very glad to have found it here.
its  best to have extra magnetic clips for your cpap straps. good buy!
decent brush  i use diesel to clean and gear oil to lube.  i had plans of using one brush for the cleaning and one for the lubing.  then when i went to lube chain, i found i was too lazy to get up and grab the second brush...so i use the same brush for cleaning and lubing.  holding up so far.
this is the best product for cleaning the soap from our shower stall. with a wipe of a paper towel it it clean and shiny! i now have a never ending supply!
fantasticeasy to use
these cod livers are sooo good.  i could not wait try them and they did not disappoint.next to lobster tails, i have never tasted anything so good in my life!edit 12282019i'm taking off 2 stars for the smashed up cans you keep sending me!
this massager works great, digs in to those big knots on the shoulders.  i am enjoying sitting and relaxing while the massager and heat  works its magic!
this product worked great. i would highly recommend.
this is the first diffuser i have purchased and it does not disappoint.  the fragrance is powerful yet not overwhelming. it has a clean, soft scent and i can smell it throughout my room. this makes an excellent gift for men or women. i will be buying more, this soleil scent is hard to find.
these are the best. removed mildew from golf cart seat! scratch off basement wall. you name it!
you will find that as you get older, your eyesight needs help to maintain your vision. i have degenerative retinal disease and i take vision support to keep my eyes from getting worse. i have taken other brand names of the same formulation and so far, my disease has not gotten worse in the five or six years since being diagnosed. if you are diabetic, this is imperative to keep from getting diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma and cataracts.
if you need to make an adapter of your own this will let you do it.  it is nice to have on hand, just in case.
always have loved scrub buds.better priced than other sellers.
they are thin. i have order pads before but these are not the ones.
good taste, no problems with it
it is nice to be able to get the supplies i need without making many phone calls or wait for representive to bring to me. very nice product, thanks.
helped me a great deal! thank you!
i love this brand. they are able to source products that are tested and backed by clinical studies so i know what i am getting. this product gave me the feeling of being alert and focused without the jitters and i felt like o had control of my thoughts. took about an hour for me to even realize because its just that subtle and smooth.
i have taken 1 to 2 grams of omega 3 every day for the past two decades.  my reasoning for taking the supplement varies with my ailments and the research.  it has been shown to be useful for mental health, inflammatory disease, muscle strength, and cancer prevention.  i used to take it for my heart and memory but i am not sure the science supports that.  i take one pill a day to supplement the large quantities of fish oil i get from fresh caught fish that we eat every other day.i chose this brand because of consumer labs' recommendations based on formulation, concentration, quality and price.  not only is it one of the most concentrated capsule form, but buying it in this two pack with an additional discount cut the price to .14 a pill making it the cheapest omega 3 per 500 mg.
we use in our apartment bedroom, for great sleep
great value and a lot of sounds to choose from. does not seem to loop either
i thought this would be a great set, and i am always looking for good clippers so i ordered this set.straight out of the package the case was very sticky.  i used a lens wipe to clean it off and it worked admirably, but...i should not have to.there is quite a lot in this set, but the nail clippers the standard on how i judge a nail care set both left my nails a little rough and frayed after using. the nail file was fine, but the other tools seemed a little rough. i would not necessarily want them going under my nails or pushing back my cuticles...the "ear digging" tools description made me laugh are self contained in a little tube with a screw on top. that is nice that you can isolate them.the heavy duty toenail clippers was the best of the lot. they worked well and did not leave my toenails jagged.so, this is a cheap quality, functional nail maintenance set. there are better ones out there for a better price i know, i have a couple. i would not choose this set again, and i would not feel comfortable giving as a gift. i would give it away but not as a gift if that makes sense.
this is a great interim product for in between chiropractic adjustments.
perfect for my grandsons 1st birthday!
works for sore muscles as well as face roller.
works good but there is cheaper products that do the same.
as advertised
saved me money by salvaging the waterpik that i currently have over buying a new one. seems to have similar design flaws as the original, like the water does not all come out, which harbors a moist environment that mildew and mold love. the quality is not as high, though, the hinge to the door broke on one side and snapped off on the other side. the door can still seal the hole, but its now a separate piece. still usable but not ideal as i almost lost the door down the drain.
really helped with tension in my shoulders!
i blend with plain yogurt, works well
looks like a 2nd hand item that i would buy at a thrift shop or a dollar store.
my sixteen year old suffers from neck and collarbone pain due to a sports injury. this helps him to relieve pain and relax the muscles in his neck. he can lay on this a few minutes at a time a few times a day and it helps tremendously. it is a thick curved pillow that looks uncomfortable but in reality it is the opposite. it steadys his neck and stretches the muscles. great value
shiny black jasper with archangel sigils for michael, raphael, gabriel and uriel as in pictured and described. i wanted these to use for my healing work and they are exactly what i wanted.
feels good in your hand and is light weight, but squeaks very badly on shower doors and does not make a clean sweep of the glass.  is not worth the price they are asking.  streeks really bad also if your lucky enough to actually get the water off the glass.
the foam is much easier to clean..!!
this is not noisy at all, another person stated it was "very noisy". it makes a little hum, soothing really my baby falls fast asleep while it is on. i have this in our bed room, and i enjoy it. the air smells cleaner and our house is brand new and very clean but it just seems fresher. i am buying another for my other child's room i love it so much. we own a rental and i even put them in the home to rid the other people's smell of dog and so on. the bulb last 4000 hours and should be replaced if not out by then to insure it is doing its job. if i was rich i would buy for every room at once, but i am not so i buy one at a time.side notethis is awesome next to a diaper pale or trash can!
excellent organic essential oil at a very good price.
item as described. would do business with again.
i have used this product for years as a supplement to my diet and my active lifestyle.  unfortunately, it is not vegan so i had to stop using it.  if your are not vegan i suggest you try fruitein before other similar products.
will not but again ... teeth on flat iron  get caught in my hair . i had clip them off this wire cutters
smells great and keeps my mat from getting funky. love the little towel too, it was nice to not have to sacrifice one from my linen closer to keep in yoga bag.
good news, these do stick on hersey's kisses for days.  buy them, you get a lot.  i used them for the rehearsal dinner sweet and the wedding.great price.went with the burlap theme
very disappointed.the temperature on the screen was wrong, and the brush just made my hair frizzy and unmanageable. i would like a refund.
not great compression. unfortunately i was not able to return these, so i am stuck with them now. i would not purchase them if you need tighter 2030mmhg compression as they fit more like sort of snug socks.
i have never tried a protein drink that is basically a shot. it is a novel concept that i enjoy very much. the bottle is small enough to fit in a bag to take on the go. you can drink it alone or add it to other liquids. the flavor is pleasant. there are artificial flavors if you are trying to avoid them. otherwise, this is a good product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
i chose this curling brush because i read ceramic tourmaline is for thinner, fine hair like i have. it produced nice curls and my hair stayed curly a little longer than usual but i did not see anything much different than other curling brushes.i had quite a difficult time learning how to curl my hair without a clip. i guess the no clip is for curls to look more natural.i think it is a misprint that it is on sale from 149 as it states.it did the job of curling my hair but it did not go above and beyond regular curlers
great size to carry with me
the only thing that works for sore, swollen feet!  i have used it for years and now i cannot live without it while pregnant.  nothing else even comes close
this the wright size for everyone
just okay.  serve their purpose.
i cannot explain how many different places  companies i have tried this is good if you shift around and like to shake your booty some people say it collapses yeah it does but i do not know it is a good option if you move in your seat and want a little refreshment
i do not know what planet you guys are on but this is the worst car cleaner ever it leaves a white residue that is almost impossible to get off even if you rub it immediately after you put it on. i am returning it whatever you do do not buy this product
absolutely love puffs plus tissue. do not run out auto delivery!!! especially this time of year cannot beat this deal!!
great balloon that literally stayed filled for weeks!!! large and beautiful, perfect for any birthday or occasion.
i really like this! got this for my 7 year old son! he loves the taste!! great quality! contains organic vitamins and minerals! definitely yes!!!
used this soap the day that i received it.  have not a negative thing to say about this product.  it is just exactly described justas it is.  very hard in the container and looks as though it is been poured in,  while it was hot.  very rustic looking in the plasticcontainer,  as it is supposed to look.you can tell that some serious work went into the making of this soap,  by its performance.  after running hot water into thebowl and using a fine shaving soap brush,  you will get a very rich creamy good smelling lather.  you will get a close shavewith minimal nicks and irritation.another fine point is,  you will enjoy a unique old time barbershop scent while shaving.  an important point is,  this soap isin line with other brands of shaving soaps according to price.  you cannot order a good quality can of shaving soap for lessthat 15 dollars.  this shaving soap is somewhat a cut above your average shaving soap on the market today.  therefore,  ican comfortably say that this shaving soap is a fair price for the quality that it  factually is.it appears that you will able to get months of shaving from this reasonably large can of shaving soap.  the container is not a cheapplastic,  it is a heavy duty plastic jar with a screw on lid that fits precision and will screw on tightly to keep your soap fresh.this container will not allow your soap to dry out.  all in all,  i cannot find fault with this product or the seller...
up until recently, it is been hard to find good vegan sources of d3. this is a powerful source of veggie d3 that packs double the punch of my usual supplies of vitamin d3. usually, i find 5,000 iu to be the standard. i have read varying opinions about 5k, and have heard that the body does not absorb larger amounts as well as 2k or smaller. the national academy of medicine lists the upper daily limit at 4,000 iu, though doses up to 10,000 iu have been found not to cause toxicity in healthy humans. for this reason, i will not be taking daily megadoses of vitamin d. i will take these capsules once or twice a week in supplement to my daily multivitamin, which contains 100 of my daily supply of vitamin d. i like taking more, especially during the winter, as my health insurance does not approve vitamin d tests in healthy individuals my age.all that said, this is a good quality mushroombased source of vitamin d3, formulated by a former cleveland clinic doctor. recommended, and longlasting if one takes once or twice a week as a supplement to daily multivitamins! i am set for a year or two!
the glue tabs are not going to hold this.  i used pins eventually after having it fall down several times.  it does require some slight assembly as the letters are not all connected like it appears in the picture and do not come on the ribbon.  not really a big deal though.
works well.
excellent product and your service too!
this works well, just small, so it requires more uses to get a head of hair curled. i would not recommend for long hair
fish burps in the morning.fish burps in the evening.fish burps at supper time.with fish burps in a bottle, you can have fish burps any time.
turmeric is good for digestion, cholesterol, antiinflammatory  and possibly diabetes. this one comes as a pure powder. turmeric also has manganese and iron, which is good for your blood and your bones. the powder form is easy to use. use it as a spice to your dishes or use it in smoothies.
great product and fast delivery. look forward to next time
i have tried so many sleep masks over the years, and this is in my top ten.  it is comfortable and easy to wear.  the strap is adjustable and it is not bulky under my head when i am sleeping on my back.  it washed well in a lingerie bag and hung up to air dry.  the material and foam are both soft against the skin.  i have long lashes and masks usually rub against them and drive me nuts, but this stands far enough away from my eyes that it does not bother me.  these work really well for blocking out all light.  a
does the job, but the caps on the large bottles do not always go on correctlythey do not seem to line up right and have sipped off when i did not triplecheck to make sure it had latched.  this does not to be a problem with the smaller ones, so i guess it was something offspecification in the manufacturing of the larger ones.
spend...but worth the bucks! really does a fabulous job if you follow the directions.
i use this product per dr recommendation to treat corneal edema, so when i do not use this type of product, my eyes get very blurry. i will agree with other reviewers, this product is thicker and gloopier than competitors, however, in all the brands i have tried, i have never found one that keeps my eues clearer. i am really happy to have found this! no, it may not be the easiestmost comfortable to apply, but for me, it works!
this probiotic was recommended by my ocupancturist to promote my immune system two years ago. i have been taking one a day and it has been working very well for me. when i get a cold it will not last a long time.
love the smell. not sweet and cloying like some others. also, keeps bugs away. had an ant problem at one apartment, used this around any sweet drink, no more ants in my tea or soda. no more ants on my tables. around the windows and doors, they stopped coming in. all the bugs stayed away.
i like the size. there is a large handle and a large compartment for collecting the lint.
in this day and age of excessive hand washing  i had to have some of these to save my poor, cracked over washed hands  still have to do the dishes.  they are extra long.  i consider myself to have a medium size hand and they are snug  but not too.  comes with a set of 3 in 3 different colors  that happen to work for spring right now  but who really cares.  my hands are grateful.
loved the price and product
my feet are horrendous. its genetic and also i wear a lot of flops or go barefoot all the time so callouses are just a normal thing for me. i get a pedicure once a month and even that never did much. what i actually do it use the blade shaver and shave most of the big callouses off and then use this to smooth it all down. my feet are not baby soft, but they are no longer rough. i love that they send you so many extra sand paper discs. i do my feet like once a week and i am no where near halfway done and i have had this thing for months now. i do have to us one disc for each foot because of the amount of callousing all over my feet, but the end result is great. i then lotion my feet up and the next day they are nice and smooth. totally worth the money!
this suction cup really sticks!!!  it is very strong and holds the shower so i can sit and wash my hair.
i love these little lanyards to keep up with my masks, they are always handy and it helpskeeping them clean.
when i got it the seal was open i am pretty sure its fine other than that i love it!
i drink a lot of coffee so decided on buying this. i did not notice any difference on my teeth ..will say since i have sensitive teeth worked out great on that point. but did not see whitening effect using this.
great product.  i was always so cold and the space heater made the air dry but it was never warm enough to work without a coat and gloves on.  with the heater on, my chair is comfortable, my body is warm and the air is no longer super dry.  with the legs and back being heated my arms are no longer frozen and i finally have feeling in my fingers.as a bonus, the heated pad is great for any soreness in legs and lower back, which has made my sleep significantly better.  highly recommend this item.
during the great glove shortage of 2020, i decided to invest in some long reusable gloves. while they are not as form fitting as regular nitrile gloves, i am able to wipe down groceries and open packages just fine.maybe someday soon i will use them for their original intent and wash the dishes with them.
this essential oil is a blend of sweet orange, neroli, and thyme. the combination evolves into a delicious orange aroma. i use about four to five drops in each of my diffusers and the fragrance wafts through the entire room. it is lovely.the current price of 9.99 is expensive for .17 fluid ounces; however, since i like the aroma so much, i did not take off one star for the high price.
very nice. glad i found it on the internet but personally i feel 16.00 too much in price  for this tiny small bottle. i do like frankincense and myrrh.  recommendglad when it goes on so so sale. it is a good oil.  thanks.
perfect for just about anything. been using these about 6 months now and they are durable. used for colloidal silver in the eyes, ears and nose when necessary and never let us down!
fast delivery and work steadily.
i gave this a five star for easy to inflate because i had a special pump from a previous purchase that made this easy.  without a pump, it would not be easy.  this was a great affordable 2020 decorations.
there are some good things and less good about this, but the review comes with the caveat that sleep preferences are so individual that it is tough to say how much one's view should hold for someone else. but that said1 size  the footprint is nice. it does not take up a lot of space; i would call it medium size maybe leaning toward small. i have definitely seen many that were bigger, so you do not need a lot of space to use this2 lighting  i would prefer a dimmer light personally, thought the breath function and colors are nice. if you have this right near the bed, it is a bit too bright i would say, but if it is obstructed or you are  not facing it than it is not bad at all.3 volume  volume control is goodi'm not sure why you would want it loud i guess if you have a lot of street noise, but it can get a decent volume on it4 sounds  this was the more problematic issue for us. we just did not find many of the sounds pleasurable or soothing. some would have soothing parts, but then a loud surge of sound would appear, which would seem to defeat the purpose. we have heard others that were just more tranquil, soothing. some of that can be somewhat ameliorated by the volume control obviously, but still was not what we were expecting. there are a good number and variety, but honestly we would only use 3, possibly 4. on the other hand, if you are looking for "drownout" sound, you might find that less of an issue5 timer is good and works well. never understood ones that came without them, so this is a good, i would say required, touchit's a useful, solid product, but not quite as allaround useful as its numbers of lightssounds might indicate. at least for us.  no concerns over qualityfeels well constructed and responsive
i listened to the audiobook magnesium miracle and read so many good reviews. i took this for anxiety, which i get very easily. 2 to 3 hours after i consumed this, i had very bad anxiety for no reason.  it is no fun feeling like you cannot get a good breath of air and your heart is beating so fast.  i will not take another drop.  as everything i purchase on amazon, i always get to return if not satisfied.  but checking this better, i cannot return it. therefore 29.99 plus tax of 2.72 and shipping cost of 6.94, 39.65 down the drain.
fits perfectly
biz beats every other laundry additive i have every used.  my mom used it decades ago when i was growing up and it still works better than anything else on the market.  i cannot figure out why it is so hard to find in stores.  i guess because they do not spend a lot on mass advertising so there is little demand.  most sellers on amazon were pretty expensive i am going to but by buying a pack of 4 boxes i got the best price.  it will probably last until my grandkids grow up but at least i have a good stash now!  for really tough stains, make a paste and spread the paste on stain.  let it sit and work for up to hours before washing.  i have never had an issue with this technique damaging colors.
good quality
love these to clean my mat with and to spray for odor. mine did not come with 6 towels, but i contacted a rep, and she replied and personally mailed me the 6 replacement towels.
bought two of these for my husband. hes a big man and no one size fits all works. this one did. hes not quite as cranky wearing this mask and he likes how it has the neck strap so he can rip it off the minute its allowed and it hangs from his neck. i just ordered one for myself just because its bigger and hopefully i can breath easier in it. we are not happy mask people. we both wear glasses that fog up when wearing them. they still fog up with this one, but adjusted just right and its not as bad.
did  not help me with shoe slipping
the paper towels are very soft and the design is simply beautiful. the value of the paper towels are great. and i think these towels can be good decoration for my room.
great way to supplement your daily smoothiefruitveggie shake with vitamins. given that this is certified organic, vegan  nongmo, it is a great all natural way to give your body an extra boost of vitamin c. i am deleting a star simply because when i first tried to mix this in just juice, i saw that the powder does not mix well my juice was cloudy. however, i started instead to mix it with my smoothies and it worked perfectly. no taste, blends well when the mixture is thicker.
these are just like the ones they put in your car at the carwash and the smell lasts a long time.
love the large size, does the job!
this contraption works.  i have a little tummy and some of my jeans fit fine in the hips but pinch at the waist.  i stretch them out using this device and wallah, they fit like they are custom made!
great product easy to take and i believe effective. i trust life extensions as a company i consider them to have integrity and they certainly have a good reputation.
i have been taking this pill for a few days and they are easy to swallow. the instructions say to take with a meal, so i have been taking them with my lunch. the smell is a bit unpleasant at first, but you get used to it after a few days. have not noticed any changes yet, but i am sure that will come within time. you cannot go wrong with the price compared to other probiotics!!
my sheepskin boots do not have a removable insole and had gotten very unfluffy at the bottom. these fixed that and i will get at least another year out of the boots. thanks!
these gloves fit as expected.  i use them mostly for household chores but will use them for washing things outside such as vehicles and patio furniture once the snow thaws and springtime arrives.  i have no preference for either lined or unlined.  i especially like them for washing fragile glass items because even in soapy water the gloves keep the glassware from slipping out of my hands.  i also like the length for protecting my hands and forearms while reaching into a bucket.
perfect for a small bathroom
having two kids we have tried few similar items i can say that this one is much gentler on kids than frida.it is easy to use and works fast and easy to clean.
product is amazing thank you
they use intesinal binding fillers  maybe that is why no full label i.e. ingred's shown. my glands swell, cannot swallow and i lose fingernails if ingest magnesium stearate. it is not benign.
i needed a strap for my son who wears glasses and has hearing aids. something that would allow him to easily pull his mask up and down without pulling off his hearing aids. the strap connects to the mask and fits nicely around the back of the neck. which means one less thing behind my son's ears. these straps were super easy to attach to the mask. they adjust easily and the quantity ensures i have plenty in case some are lost. they also wash up well in case i forget to detatch them from the cloth mask during washing. i highly recommend these straps for those who struggle with straps behind the ears.
tasteless, does not whiten as i expected
my mom raved about the old fashioned norelco electric razors, but i would never tried one quite like it. this 5head razor gives me the closest shave ever! where has it been all my life? usually my electric razors are good in a pinch, but they always make look like i have 12 days growth. this shaver is different. it is just as close as a manual razor. my legs and underarms are just as smooth as if i have just whipped out the shaving cream and straight razor. i also love how the five heads are put together in natural curves to complement the human body. it is as if this was custom designed to fit over my knee caps  and how many electric shavers can actually get the knees smooth? up and down, or around in circles, this safe razor will never hurt you.as an awesome bonus, this razor comes with several attachments. to change attachments, and to clean it, read the manual and have some faith that pushing and pulling will not break the device. i have tried the trimmer with the three levels of attachments, and it is not barberquality but it is good enough in a pinch. the facial massage and scrubber are really nice. the dry brush massage is so gentle, and the soft plastic scrubber really adds an extra oomph to my cleanser. thankfully, i have not had to use the nose hair clippers, so i cannot report on the effectiveness.it also comes with a little brush to clean under the heads again, read the manual, and a small bottle of oil so you can replenish the lubrication. my device came prelubricated, which was nice. it is easy to hold, quick and easy to charge in a usb port cord included, and the electric display shows how much time is left before you need to recharge. it is not waterproof, though, so do not take it into the bath. dry off and use it after.
i tried using this for a few days and the hardness of the plastic really bothered me. the literature that came with the item did say the plastic was hard and it might take you some time to get used to it, but i got headaches and only used it a short time.i did keep it and may try using it again.
does the job
tastes awful. hope it works to steady my gait
the bristles only extend about halfway up my teeth.  my teeth were not clean after using this. it is in the trash already.
to slick a material  food falls to floor
good product, love that it is clean, but does not dissolve as well as other brands of peptides i have tried. their bcaa's are awesome though!
works very well for our needs
great product fast shipping
i buy the big box of eggs and was reusing the stryophome cartoons and i came across these and have never looked back!
we love these. great taste and consistency. 5 a bag cheaper than vitamin shoppe. delivered to my door. awesome!
they work really well but i hate bubble gum flavor. that being said, its not overpowering.
the compression is literally comforting.
i am new to this brand joon x moon and find them very giftable.  the packaging is beautiful and their scrubs and bubble bath fizz formulas would cheer me or my friends up at the end of a long week.the bubbling bath fizz has a lovely scent which permeates the bathroom for a while as well.  i tried both the lavender and the champagne scents and loved them. the instructions do not say how much to put, so i put 2 capfuls and this was enough to give gentle bubbles and a lovely scent.the lavender is strong but not medicinal and the champagne has a slightly fruitier almost lychee undertone.  both are lovely and not overly sweet.  the bubbles are soft and plentiful and the scents are relaxing and make me feel like i am somewhere else.  the minerals in the bath also feel soothing.  overall, it feels very pampering and helps to wash away a tough week.i love the way that these bottles look in the bathroom as well.  another reviewer mentioned they would prefer to have them in glass containers, but it feels safer not to have glass in the bathroom where it might slip or get knocked off.
little packets resisted tearing open for me. i ended up needing scissors or a knife to easily open these. the flavor was okay. seemed to help in hydrating the skin something i need a lot of help with. i have had better mixins and i have had worse.
i have taken milk thistle for several years to protect my liver against the daily damage i do to it with alcohol, ibuprofen and whatever else hurts it!! this product is as good as it gets. very high concentration, super clean smelling. 120 capsules per bottle  excellent value. i take nightly. my last blood screens came back in normal range, doc said all looks great. i believe in the power of this!
they are vary good to use
so i had been buying the primal life dirty mouth tooth powder and was loving it except the price was gouging me. so i went on the hunt for a more affordable tooth powder option. i stumbled upon this for half the price and decided to give it a go. in terms of tooth cleanliness it probably works about the same? ya about the same however, it sucks every single last drop of moisture out of your mouth the second it hits it. the mint is also not very strong at all. it in no way helps freshen my breath and my husband and i have started having to use mouth wash which i am going to defeats the purpose of going chemical free. also, because it does suck moisture out i have found that chunks of it get stuck to my teeth or gums and i have to do a clean run through of my toothbrush with just water on it to get this off. just swigging with water will not do it. we have hand this over a month and still have over half the jar left so honestly its a good amount of product for what you pay...i am still on the fence though if i am going to reorder this or go back to the primal life toothe powder....
this item was purchased as a gift for my insomniac motherinlaw.she absolutely loved the feature of stars on the ceiling.she said that it reminded her of camping as a young girl, out under the stars.the soothing tones and sparkling stars have put this grandma to sleep !!!
colors match picturemix of vibrant black and greymaterial is a little toughseems very tight, making it kind of hardlathers okay, but not so good because of how tight it isused it about 3 times so far and seems to be loosening up
works great and shipped quickly!
my puppies ignore this. i was disappointed became they chew everything, shoes, furniture chairs, etc. i had wished they would love this instead. they do like pigs ears.
i purchased this wrap for after the shower while i am getting ready for work. it is thin, but still absorbent, and the color is a pretty blue. the velcro is easy to attachdetach when putting on the wrap. the length could be shorter for me to love it, but it still serves the purpose, and well!
i have never liked sponges until now. magic eraser does a better job on my washable wallpaper than terry. it did not scratch or cloud up my chrome fixtures when i removed hard water deposits, and i did not even have to use vinegar. after testing a spot, i cleaned my stainless steel sink. i am looking forward to wiping my showertub without cleaning product fumes. i will not use the sponge everywhere for everything, but for those 4 chores, it is a winner.
i have had them for a day and i love them, i work outside all day and it was a pain to keep switching from my sunglasses to my readers now i do not have to unless i am in a poorly lit place i highly recommend them
really expensive for what you get.  not really that exciting. if you are looking for a laugh and want to spend a lot to get it....then go ahead.
this is a supplement in powder format that you mix with water. the mixing process is not totally smooth, there are generally little clumps in the water. but it does not really bother me that much; i am just trying to get it down quickly anway. there is a taste, but it is not anything terrible, and is pretty easy to get down. as to the results, i cannot tell at this point if this has changed my digestion. but i do find the research very interesting, and will continue to see how things progress as i continue to take this each day.
i have a few of these towel wraps and find them very convenient.  i usually use them when i am getting ready instead of wearing a robe.  they are reasonably absorbent, they stay in place, and are less bulky than a robe.  laundering is easy and inexpensive and they provide decent coverage.
these gloves are awesome! thick enough that someone as clumsy as me do not have to worry about destroying them.
my wife loves this lotion.  she does not have diabetes but does have dry, scaly feet. blue emu does the job for her.
i was initially skeptical about this, thinking that it might leave white marks on my body or make my towel oily. but turns out it is super easy to apply after shower because of all the moisture still left on the skin. and it turns clear on the skin after applying and does not stain my towel either. i like how smooth it feels and how fast and easy to apply. will toss out my regular lotion and use this one from now on.
i was really looking forward to receiving this item because of the way it appeared on the site. unfortunately, my first night using it was a bid disappointment. the mask is soft and plush to the touch, however, when worn at night, the nose bridge part presses way too hard on the top of the nose and impedes breathing. if i loosen the strap which is not velcro and gets tangled in the hair the mask then is too loose and falls off the face. the pads press just too much on the bottoms of the eyes and make it uncomfortable to breathe and turn the head. the strap gets tangled in the hair because you cannot velcro it over the back, you have to pull it over the head. the padding is weighted incorrectly and caused me discomfort while trying to breathe and sleep with it therefore i had to return it.  maybe for less sensitive sleepers this might work  but this was advertised as designed for ultra comfort and sensitivity.
bought this for my 76 year old mom who does not have a land line. her cell does not ring loud enough at home. needed it to be louder so she could hear it everywhere in the condo and this device does the trick. she is very satisfied.
this really is an excellent toe nail clipper....much better than the typical style most people use, and easily the best i have tried. the longhandled small scissorsontheend type are hard to use and often do not cut cleanly and easily.for the average person, however, i am not sure i would recommend it for fingernails, since it can leave a bit of a rough edge.
is it just me? or has the company started using less lotion in their product.  its just the same as using regular puffs of kleenex.
good product. better than liquid. always rely on it. will order again when needed. good price
they run small. son is thin and wears a size 9.5 shoe. these are tight on him. if you are a bigger person they may be uncomfortabletight.
after installing this to my waterpik and trying it out for the first time there is a slight leak that drips from the handle down the hose.  its only a few drops each use but there should not be any.  also, i cannot explain why the pressure does not seem to be as strong as the original.
i bought this for my sister, who is onto special effects makeup, as a birthday gift. in the description it says that this item is ammonia free which was exciting because she always complains about her eyes burning because of the ammonia. i just opened the package and on the ingredients list is ammonia hydroxide and ammonia! i am sure she will still love the liquid latex but it is disappointing that it has ammonia in it. i will not repurchase this.
i normally just clean my mat with soap  water, but this method tends to make the mat too slippery, which is unsafe. this cleaner comes with a microfiber cloth, and it only takes a quick spray or two to cleanse the entire surface without losing grip. i would recommend this product to anyone who regularly uses a mat.
this could have a been a nice desserty protein bar, coming out of your dessertsnacks calorie budget instead of the main meals. unfortunately the various mass market ingredients they put in it give it a not so pleasant after taste. an after taste i never get with protein bars that use only 34;real food34; ingredients.so while it tastes fine while you eat it, and tempts you to forgive the long list of ingredients, the after taste is a reminder of what it is  maybe they can make 34;real food34; version of this?the 6pack is stored in a sturdy compact purple cardboard box which you can easily repurpose for other household uses if you open it gently.nutrition wise, it has plenty of vitamins and minerals. protein 34;wins34; 1514 over sugars. itt is a product of canada.sweetening in this is done with, among others, glucose syrup, sugar, glycerine, high maltose corn syrup, evaporated cane sugar, fructose, dextrose, etc.this is so frustrating because it is a promising taste combo with 15g of protein but you get all kinds of corporate food crap including carrageenan.
sleep....too much noise around here!
accurate description fast shipping
too tight
did nothing for me
just as described. holds to basics.
i heard about these a few years ago, how great they are for your teeth. well, after finally trying them i must say that they did not disappoint. first of all with these, each one is individually wrapped and they look very sanitary. i did not feel uncomfortable at all peeling off the outer bark and chewing on the stick. it does have a flavor which is sort of indescribable, but bits can come off in your mouth and they are much like shredded coconut. anyway, after softening and chewing the tip in your mouth by gently chewing on it, the fibers fan out to form a brush. while the stick is long, it is impossible to get the inside of your teeth, but as you use it up it is easier to get your hand in there.so, i would not use these as a replacement for my toothbrush, but they are a wonderful accompaniment. my teeth feel great after using it. it brushes all the plaque away and leaves you feeling super clean but without any mint. each stick lasts quite a while because you only use half an inch each time, and then use a scissors to snip off the used part so that it remains sanitary.if you have never tried these, all i can say is that my experience was pretty good and i would definitely recommend them. i hope this review and the video has helped you to decide if you would like to invest in these.
i do not know if the good reviews are paid to say what they are saying, but this item certainly did not work for me. a waste of 20. i have wavy hair, and its not hard to manage but this brush did not straighten it at all.
get the same results buying the ones in target.i would not purchase these.
my two cats often get runny eyesallergycold side effects. this helps tremendously.
i purchased the 34;got milk34; straws on sale for 1.796pk at target, and my kids loved them. i was not going to target for a few weeks, so i decided to purchase these since it is a mix of flavors.  my kids so far have enjoyed them.  they are a bit more expensive, but the container is very nice, and the lid snaps on so they are not in a ziploc bag or just laying on a pantry shelf.  i think it was worth the purchase for the container alone!  they look just like the 34;got milk34; straws, but that is nowhere on the package.  this definitely is a mix, it is not a single flavor, which is nice and exciting for the kids.
i buy these monthly and i have no complaints.  i do not mind the boost of energy these give you.  the only thing missing is iron which i do not think is ever contained in a daily vitamin anyway.
bought these for my husband and he loves them we use them about three times before throwing away.
easy to carry. and works perfectly.
weird texture not so good
lathers nicely, convenient pump, moisturizing, but smells like a cheap pina colada you wish you had not bought.
works well with all smoking parts. worth the extra 2 to get the cap holes for stems and bowls.
great addition to shaving cream! this glycerin really helps shaving cream retain water in its lather  this seems be the secret to a thick and rich shaving cream that one whips up with a shaving brush. the quart size is a great value. i only have one minor complaint  the bottle does not have lid that lends itself to controlled dispensing. i addressed this minor quibble by using an old squeeze bottle with a dropper top.
i have cspine injury i am treating with decompression therapy in doctor's office.  this device allows me support and decompression like therapy at home and is easy to use. adjustable tension to fit your needs. a little uncomfortable on the ears takes some getting used to.
it is fine. i have my preferences over this. this is a nice blend of various collagen sources bovine, marine, poultry, eggshell and therefore a wider degree of collagen types 1, 2, 3, 5, 10. hence the elevated price tag i do not rate on price, but i will comment that it should be compared to others of this ilk. it is with similar price range. some sources are more expensive. some sources do not require as much to be effective. ie, bovine is cheapest, but needs more, marine is usually most expensive yet needs a lot less. this has a good amount, well fair amount, per serving at about 8 grams of collagen peptides hydrolyzed meaning it is broken down to readily absorbable, easily digestible form, and it mixes in hot or cold without gelling.multi forms can impart a slight smell and flavor. i think the ones that use eggshell tend to have a little extra aroma. may disappear depending on what it is being used in. or might be noticeable. not a big fan of it in my plain black unsweetened coffee, but is totally fine in a smoothie, or when i have a coffee that i doctor up with cream and flavor syrup. i do not fault the brand, as it is merely a facet of the composition. i will always used collagen, often single source, but will pepper in multi source as i see fit.this is a perfectly fine product. though i recommend that they actually include a picture of the nutritional information. we do not need to see half a dozen pictures of people drinking it. let us know what is in it. had i been shopping around for it, i would have passed this over for a listing that tells me all that i am getting.though i am pleased to see this"if you are not 100 satisfied with your purchase, well issue you a refund."
these all smell great and worked well! very moisturizing and fun to use in the bath! we loved each and every one of them!!
a bit greasy but works well.
my partner likes to fall asleep to youtube, podcasts, and not the quiet kind either, music, laughter. i cannot tune that stuff out. bought this pillow mat in desperation, not really trusting reviews, but it honestly and truly works. he puts it under his head and i cannot hear a thing. i cannot even tell it is on.  he says it is perfectly comfortable. much more comfortable than headphones or headbands with speakers. some people say the wire breaks after a lot of use. honestly, i do not care. i mean, i hope it holds up, but since this is the only solution that works for us, we will just spring for another one.the only downside is, he cannot use it very well when he is sitting up in bed, so we need both headphones and the pillow mat.
these were great tissues. good for dry noses as well.
nice small and powerful
comfortable fit well good value for price
i have been using this tumeric for over a month now and its a good product.
this is a very cool scale. i have a fitbit zip and i have the app on my android phone when i weigh myself the weight and the body fat percent travels right over to my phone! it took a little while to understand how to set it up but it works great and i love it!
this is significantly larger than most adjustable adult collars, and after having it on for only a half hour, the velcro that the strap attaches to came off. not nearly as good as the ones we used to keep on the ambulances. i am a former emt in one of the busiest jurisdictions in the country, just for some perspective. i am really only giving it two stars because its nice to see one in olive drab instead of blue and yellow.
bought these for my husband as certain shoes were rubbing on ankle bone and irritating. fit him well and cushion stays in place. easy to hand wash and dries overnight. good product would buy again.
this is a great way to get zinc, which has so many valuable properties for health. just a few good tasting drops per day of this readily absorbed form and you are good to go. one less capsule or tablet to take. good value.
the big question  can you tell it is fish oil? not really.  it is orange flavored, which does a good job of masking the taste, and you really cannot tell that they are fish by nature.  not saying that they are a perfect orange flavor  there is something undefinable about the taste that is just a little odd, but if i told you they were gummy candies, you probably would not bat an eyelash.  decent omega3 content, and if you do not like the pill version of fish oil, this will work quite well.
i have had very good results using this toothpaste after a couple of weeks. it is very pleasant to use, with a nice aftertaste, and it leaves my teeth and gums feeling fresh and clean. i have noticed some whitening, as well. three tubes for the current price of 18.99 is a decent deal.
does not work all the time
perfect for variety of holiday gifts.
great product quick delivery very satisfied
as expected . ..good quality  bandaids
i got these as a gift and will not return them, but they are very clunky to walk in. massage barely noticeable while standing and very  i mean annoyingly loud buzzing while sitting. cannot hear tv over the buzz. was a nice thought for a gift i would not recommend them
dear cats decided to hurl my old one off my desk and cracked the lid in half.so i got this replacement. it is the same, but was hard to get together and hard to get apart, and rattled.i got some vaseline, ran a little around the grooves, and now it is easy to open, easy to close, and does not rattle, feels much better. yay vaseline.
not a bad taste at all
the do not scrub like i wanted
when growing up, we often had a battery bag, which contained batteries of various sizes and makes which had been pulled from electronics or opened battery packages and were "still good" in one way or another. i am a creature of order, however, and such slapdash methods are no longer satisfactory to me, especially since there is the possibility of a circuit being created in there between cells of various sizes and charges.this is a far more elegant solution. i have these sorts of holders for every kind of battery i own, and they are all neatly stored in a ziplock bag in a box. i always know exactly how many batteries i have and thus when i need to order more. the cells are kept isolated from oneanother and in tight formation. i even keep a couple in my hiking pack  no digging around the bottom of the bag for a stray aaa attempting an escape.if i am giving someone a gift which requires batteries, i will usually include a holder like this with it, filled with the appropriate type of lithium cells. the presentation is onpoint and it ensure that not only can they use the gift immediately, but can continue to use it for the next couple years or so.the build quality is good, the batteries are easy to insert and remove, and the clear plastic leaves no question as to how many cells are in the holder and what sort of cells they are.would recommend.
do not waste your money.  these are a joke.  they wrinkle up once they get wet and then the center never dries.  its like trying to wash with a wrinkly piece of cardboard.
i bought this  because my dr reccomended,it works great!
these disposable masks are like every other 3ply disposable mask of this type that i tried so far. they have comfortable ear elastics and the mask is pleated and moldable to the nose with the interior wire.  there are 50 masks in this package.  the current price of 8.99 is a great deal for 50 which comes to .18 cents each.  since these are disposable, they are not designed to last, obviously.
the flavour is very good and it keeps me feeling my best with better energy and digestion and i take it daily.
i like this product. it does the job. i just do not like how if you do not wipe it totally off, there is pink residue that sits on your things. i mean, unless you know its cleaner, it ends up looking gross. maybe i just need to do a better job cleaning? i am not sure.
i am thinking that this thing would have been bigger than that tiny thing i have gotten in my mailed box smh but guessed wrong smh i have had kept my money i used it once and did not have my skin feeling flawless right so i am better than using my hands instead of using this seriously omg when i washed my face with my hands it feels super flawless soft and also right with the face washed i gotten from the store makes it is super flawless soft and cleaned as ever hands down seriously!!!!!? god bless
these fit my son's toothbrush perfectly and they work just like the ones that came with it.
i been looking for one of these for a good price and i came across this one. study and heavy and really works. there is different heads and the speed is gradually increased so that you will not be hit with a woop quickly. i like the one with the round tip for specific points to focus one. battery like is good too since i used for about a week without recharging it.
i am always on the lookout for some good mangesium powders.  i use them at night before i go to sleep.how this comesthis comes in a glass jar and is well packed.full?the jar in the photo was taken after i only took two scoops of product.  the fill line is about where the top of the yellow label is.  it really should be a bit fuller than it was.easy to take?this is not difficult to take.  it is warm water to activate and then add cool water to drink it.flavor?i did not find the flavor offensive.  some of the magnesium drinks have lots of stevia which makes me gag.  this one was not like that for me at all.  it is actually pleasant to take uncluttered with sweetners.does it helpthis is really helpful to relax me at night.the bottom linethis powder is pleasant to take.  it is not cluttered with stevia or other additives.my ratingfive stars. i am thrilled to have this without lots of extra flavors and enhancers added.  i only wish it was a little fuller.
very difficult ft tissues
came fast, good enough quality!
i understand the chemistry behind hydrogen peroxidebased cleaners.  but even so, this product seems to work better than it should.  i was cleaning around the door knobs of our exterior doors...you know  the areas that always become soiled on a door.  the dirt and soil just seemed to be "evaporating".  in other words i was not seeing most of the dirt and soil transfer to the paper towels i was wiping with.  it was just disappearing.  amazing stuff...
capsule was deflated. i brought the capsule to my physical therapist who recommended the device. the pt said the capsule was deflated meaning there was not enough gelatin inside it for the device to perform what it was meant for.
always running out of these. now have ample supply to keep a box in almost every room.
works for me!
great product and multiple uses! great on beards  use one for dog massage and hair removal
this was a reorder
70 alcohol was hard to find and somewhat expensive due to covid scare.
i have reviewed a lot apple cider vinegar gummies and these are my least favorite of all of them.  the flavor is just o.k. and the texture is not very gummylike.  i like that these have the mother, but that is about all they have going for them except for a little b9 and b12 vitamins.
there are two slimprofile sixcell travelsized pill cases in this package along with 54 labels. each of the cells has a good clasp that snaps tightly shut. in my photo, i was able to fit 20 of my 50mcg d3 tablets into one cell. their portability and slimprofile are the best features. note that it will not store more than a couple of  "horsesized" pills and may not be able to store any depending on the size of the capsule. the cell covers do not fully stay open when removing or inserting the pills, so be prepared for it to stay only partially open.also note that there is a right way and wrong way to insert the case into its holder. the side with the finger nubs on the case is the correct faceup position to insert the pill case with the lids facing up. it does not go in correctly if the case is flipped.the current price of 8.99 is competitively priced as it comes to 4 per case.
solid, built!!  i wish the handle was a little longer.
great buy  very happy
i have used these in the past and like them very much for buffing the ends of my nails that are currently having a tendency to chip.  for the price these work very well and i would recommend them.
when the puppy has an oops, i usually use a product with enzymes in it to break down the odors and any oops that needs to be removed. this i have been putting on the patio, where both go to potty to remove that odor, too. i have been using this all over the place. it takes a while to dry,  but it works.
i have extremely low blood pressure. my cardiologist recommended that i eat more salt. unfortunately, i was unable to eat enough to raise my blood pressure. the pills helped a little more than salting my food. now i am taking a prescription medication to raise my blood pressure to normal so i do not fall if i stand up quickly.
kind of difficult if you have thicker hair like i do. personally, i still prefer my round bun maker. thin hair may be able to use this with little to no difficulty.
i purchased the petals to use in a ash scatter ceremony.  the petals were beautiful, looked just like the picture and smelled wonderful.  there was a large amount and it was definitely worth the money. although it was for a sad purpose, the petals added a pretty touch. very happy i made this purchase.
used on 04 bisque. let the wax dry overnight and glazed my pottery the next day to 6. worked great. keeps most of the glaze off the waxed areas. easily wipes clean the excess glaze which had beaded up on a couple waxed spots with a wet paper towelcloth. melts away leaving the unfinished clay after fireing. i will buy it again when it runs out.
these pretty gloves are durable and versatile. the two pairs of purple ones are lined while the white and yellow ones are unlined. both are comfortable and strong. they are great for any number of tasks from household cleaning to gardening to shampooing the dogs. the palms and fingers are textured. they do not contain latex. the scalloped edges are attractice and they come up over the wrists. great gloves.
works great for the price!!!!! i wash my face with it twice a day gets thru that great...i message my husband forehead  back with it be loves it everything i do, i do it so very gentle...it can not withhold very much pressure...but it 150 works for sat i got it for at great price!! the stone attachment and other 2 are beyond useless though wish it had another brush!!!! anyhow i cannot beat that price!
not great direction on how to specifically use, had to youtube it, got stuck in hair a few times that hurt and tied a not, but after youtube,  i was able to figure it out. battery does not stayed charged for 60 mins as stated did 6 strands and 50 battery down.  why do not products with usb cords come with outlet plugins? cannot do my half head without it dying, not worth buying only if you have shirt thin hair.
does not really clean anything..
fabulous stuff for your everyday needs
this made my skin feel so smooth and look so clear.
the upside is that this is a very well made little lamp.it is easy to start and produces a hot and steady flame.if you need a light duty flame hot enough to heat a test tube or sterilize inoculation needle it is just fine.if you need a bigger flame as standard wick based lamp is better.i use everclear as fuel as i needed non toxic vapors.over all a well made product.
i have been mixing this powder into my morning smoothies.. not part of a workout routine.. just for added energy and nutrition. i really like it and cannot taste the powder at all! i highly recommend this powder. my old gripe is that the packaging is a little small.. or smaller than i expected.. and there is no measuring spoon or tool included. given the size of the container, this is to be expected, but i wanted to let buyers know.i disclose that i have received this item as a free gift or at a discount. when i accept invitations to receive items to review, i promise that i will post my unbiased opinion with the intent of helping amazon customers make the right buying decision for them and also to increase awareness of the item that will help reduce returns. if i do review a gifted item and the giver of the gift prefers my review to be private between them and i and not posted on amazon publicly, i will honor that giver's request. please note that if this review is labeled verified purchase, the item came from amazon stock and you can be assured that what i received is representative of what you will receive when you order from this listing.
mixes well with anything. helps digestion. i use daily mix with cucumber.
these are comfortable to sleep in, and i like the ones that are connected, so i do not lose them.
these inserts are great ! they were recommended by my dr. and have been a great addition ! i will continue to use them.
this toilet paper roll will be funny when opened.  but for the size of the roll, i found it to be very expensive.
my 7 yr old granddaughter wears the masks every night, and she loves them.  she used to wear a plain black mask, but no more,  sometimes during the day, i see her with the mask on top of her head!
use these in home security system seem to be just as good as duracell
this is great to get that extra blood flow going and definitely more affordable then some of the other brands. if you play sports or engage in high activity i highly recommend this product. i use for weights and jogging. l arginine is always a good supplement to use.
does a fair job whoever  iif you are supposed to prick your finger, you need lancelets
these are great! measure your calves because it makes a difference. if your calves are wide then order accordingly. great colors to choose from, too.
easy to apply and remove. they can get slick if your face gets sweaty or oily. they are nice and thin so they do not affect the way your glasses fit tremendously other than to give them a little more stability.
pretty expensive, but does the job.
these are delicious, to the point that its hard to just suck on them and not eat the bag. they did not do much for my throat, but they were tasty enough to take my mind off it. they are overpriced though, not worth a 50 cents a lozenge.
they are pretty basic and work fine but there are a lot of them so it is a good deal.
these are the same ones they sell at my gym for 50 cents a pair.  they are a bit awkward but considering you wear them for 5 minutes and then toss in the trash, they work fine . plus, they eliminate any tan lines around the eyes like the aroundthehead eyeprotectors.
good valueprice for glass cleaners.
right on!
this is my third order of this.  we both like them.  the taste is good and even better when mixed with a little orange juice.  this is a good way for us to get added electrolytes and also get vitamins.we like this and are happy to have it.
nice and heavy duty. was perfect
cannot live without it!!
my 6yearold loves wearing a sleep mask to bed. this one is so cute and comfortable she loves it. the material is really soft and it stays on all night long. the fact that it is disney makes it that more special and loved.
i have been adding collagen powder to my coffee for over a year now. i really like this one. it is undetected once in my hot cup of coffee. it dissolves very quickly and leaves no clumping. i have noticed improvement in my knees and lower back since using collagen. i will keep taking it for as long as i can!
using it in my car has helped tremendously with pain running up the backs of my legs! thank you!
this is probably pretty gross. i purchased a burn brush to clean out my coffee pot and remove seven years of build up inside of it but it was still a little unsettled but maybe the inside of the pot was not 100 cleaned. so i purchased this and put some in the pot left it in there for about for five hours and then poured it out and then looked inside the pot and it was shiny include stainless steel which was excellent. i rinsed it out twice. this morning i had my 1st cup of coffee out of the pot and it tasted great well i have been missing over the last couple years of not having a totally crystal clean product i recommend the strongly i will definitely repurchase this in the future and plan on using it on a regular basis to avoid seven years of scale that was disgusting.
thumbs up
i have taken this product for years and i have watched the price rise from 40 to almost 70.  since i never wanted to run out i order a few in advance and they come wrapped in a plastic you cannot see through.  the instructions have always been, 2 scoops a day.  but now, without every saying a word, they doubled the size of the scope but did not increase the amount of product.  it is literally twice the size.  so now you are getting a crap load of filler and using twice the product, so twice the price, without you ever noticing.  i will use up what i have because it is too late to return, but i will never buy from this company again.  what a total bate and switch.
best wrap made
these are actually really tasty.  i use them for a quick breakfast on a busy day and honestly they keep me full until lunch.  i also like these for those exhausting workout sessions.  perfect for and all day hike also.  taste is like a peanut butter cup with a smooth chew texture.  easy to break into 1 hour portions if your on a grueling day and want to portion this out.  great protien content and calorie ratio.  this is a real winner
i suffer from a chronic pain condition and sadly have found it necessary to buy a seat for my shower because i can no longer stand up long enough to shower without intense pain. i am on the younger side and the idea of having a medical supplies looking seat in my shower embarrassed me so much well having a seat at all embarrasses me but we do what we have to right? so i was thrilled to find these cute little bath stools. i was worried it would not hold up as well but so far it is really perfect! it is comfortable, does not take up much room in my shower and it is cute! people think i bought it to get a spa like experience in my shower which works for me! ha ha.  the legs look thin in there photo but it has zero issues holding me up and it is perfectly sturdy. claims to hold up to 300lbs and i feel safe using it. thanks to the company who makes these, giving us more stylish choices for products we really wish we did not need.
seems like a quality product. i mixed a scoop with water, ice and frozen banana for a quick protein smoothie. it tasted great and was filling and satisfying.
good product.
this is the 3rd different brand i have tried, and this one stands out.  it is greener, tastes fresher and seems more alive.one small complaint, and it is very small is it is a little hard to get the lumps out. no big deal, really.  i just put about 12 cupcool water in a glass and stir in the barley and wheat grass. i have to smash the lumps against the side of the glass, butthis one tastes so alive....i would not trade it....
very practice and useful tool, use it everyday!
simple to use, works awesome.
i use it on sunglasses that do not have grip on the nose part. it works just as advertised. need to bring a few extra pairs during travel since at some point you may need to change them due to sunscreen usage, continuous use with activities.
needed for back pain and its been working just fine.
as it turned out, i have not used this product yet.  it was suggested that i take it on a vacation but i encountered no blister problems.  however, another person borrowed it and said it helped their foot feel betterl  the blister never did fully develop.
my dentist recommended this type of tooth brush. i like the feeling of the brush on my sensitive mouth.
perfect for my bedside comode
the oil does not absorb too quickly, but i really like the scent and how it makes my skin feel. the smell reminds me of sensual jasmine.
awesome kit that i keep near me at all times. i keep one in my belt and one in my bag at all times. these things are literal lifesavers.
works much better than i expected and i adore the handle... i can reach everywhere!
these ear plugs are great at keeping out noise but not so great for sleeping. i find them a tad too hard of a plastic to be comfortable in my ears when laying on my sides. i also find my ears itching a lot as well, so i have no idea what sort of material these are made of but for sleeping, no, i would not purchase these again. for outdoor work, yes, they would work just great if they did not make your ears itch.
these hanging witch were a fun addition to the house. my wife picked up this one because it was so ugly, it was cute. she has a habit of doing that lately.these witches are pretty well made. burlap makes the dress, hat. the hair feels like paint brush bristles, but it works. the face's are well painted and there is a decent amount of detail in the face, hands and feet. it is all tied together with a bit of twine and there you go. sit it on a broom with a welcome board attached like swing and there you have it.i thought they were so great, i bought her two more she is hung in our room. they are have slightly  differentshades of burlap to separate one from the other. but they made her smile and that is what i was going for. i definitely recommend this for the it is so ugly, it is cute person in your life. enjoy
promagnetic closure works wellwell madegreat valueconscannot think of any !!
this is a perfect addition to some walkers.  comes with liner that can easily be cleaned up without having to remove the tray from the walker.  however, pay close attention to the product images . . . this will not work on all walkers.  there must be a crossbar atnear the top of the walker for this to rest on when in service.  there is a different version of this tray for those walker without the upper crossbar.  this one will not work on most 34;drive34; brand walkers, but the other one called the 34;pivot34; probably will.
these help the bursitis in the elbows because they prevent you from accidentally hitting your elbow and feeling the pain.
i got this because my physical therapist used it to hold my knee cap inplace while i exercised and made the knee stronger. the cap had 34;fallen off34; the track it is supposed to be on. the tape , lasting about 3 days even in showers etc, held strong and was placed below my knee cap as support and around under it.  like a  lift.  worked well, after 23 weeks of usage and changing every 3 days, the cap is in place now and no pain!
best tongue scraper i have found, and the company is super nice!!  would definitely purchase it again!
not sure what kind of aliens we stole this material from but if you have an enamel tub and or tile shower especially white, your first mission is to spray some tub cleaner and without letting it sit, wipe it with a wet mr clean eraser and prepare to be amazed!
i bought this for my husband and he raved about it! uses it every day.
as expected, no concerns
it was a rainy windy day while i was loading my car with groceries from the cart.  the cart took a slow turn and rubbed against the entire length of my passenger side audi!  there was a black line that stretched from back to front.  with light rubbing, this product removed the marks!  thank goodness!
strong, soft, perfect size for me
i thought these would be perfect for selecting my favorite sneakers and playing golf in them. you have to be careful what sneakers you use for this and anything with air bladders is not recommended due to puncturing and also your sneakers are design for a sure footed response with their current soles so when you add these cleats they can be very uncomfortable on your feet when the ground is hard and dry. not so bad when its wet and soft. overall. i lost more than i would have liked and so i have to give these a clear thumbs down
good to add to my 1st aid kits
i travel and camp and this product makes life so much easier. i can clean clothes on the go and carry this in my pocket.
works great
when i make a mug of coffee, if i do not use powdered mct oil, then i use this handy dandy convenient single serve mct oil. i still get my kick for my coffee. it is an oil, and it does not emulsify that easily, but i just stir and drink and ignore any oil sitting on the top of my coffee.
ok product low rating due to small loops on belt
it was good for a week and rthen it broke. my son plays soccer and has longer hair. he needed something to keep his hair out of his face and decided on these. he is 11 and they did fit well. the bad part was they started tearing after a week of use. we did try  and they worked much better. they are thicker and made from stretchable fabric. we like these much better.
this product has ingredients that support natural testosterone production and increase libido. the effects are noticeable, although i doubt my actual testosterone levels are increased significantly. the noticeable effects are more likely due to increased dopamine.some of these ingredients you need to be careful of, specifically the ldopa and dhea. too much of these supplements can cause anxiety and aggression. to my knowledge tribulus does nothing and it is the dominant ingredient. the pills have a funky smell, which is from the indole3carbinol. i3c coverts to dim in your body, and dim is in these as well, which is redundant.another supplement that seems to work is daspartic acid, but this is a bulk powder not a pill.none of these easilyavailable supplements will have a huge impact on your testosterone levels compared to more powerful compounds that are harder to buy, but they should help slightly.the current price is 50, which is 0.83 per serving. you might only want to take one pill at a time instead of three.
stable high quality stand for the pelvis and spine.  there was one review that said it was misleading because he thought it came with the pelvis.  if you have been shopping for skeleton models most models cost over 100 dollars.  this is a very good price for this stand.
this mct oil powder taste ok. it needs a few days to get used to it but eventually it works ok.
great product just as described and the same thing as in stores
just get it, not cheap but i see it as an investment on our health!
i cannot remember to take it as required so no results to report... but if this continues i will not re buy.  thanks!!!!!!!
appreciate quality products delivered to my door.
these are not your typical gift bags  they are sturdy and can stand up to wear and tear. they are not made of paper so they can be reused  in fact, if you are giving them out, your gift receipent can easily reuse them numerous times, so they are ecofriendly. i love how glittery they are and they come in a variety of colors  silver, gold, rose gold. i love how they look and they are ideal for gifting small items like jewelry. the only thing i did not like was the gift tags  only one kind is offered, "thank you." i wish they came with a variety of tags. as it is, they seem made only for "thank you" swag bagtype gifts.
still have cat probs, did not work too good
seems to do what it is supposed to do.
this is great. i am going to physical therapy right now for knee pain. the physical therapist uses one of these on my thighs and calves. now i can do it from home or have my husband help. i like the grips on this. they are very comfortable. the rollers are very smooth and do not balk. it is a perfect size for me to use on myself or for someone else to use on me. disclaimer i received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
another spontaneous purchase based on recommendation.find it thoroughly useless.  makes too much noise and after having it on for multiple days in a very small walk in closet, i saw no improvement in quality of air whatsoever.thumbs down.
a great alternative than using bleach tablets.
my ability to put on some of my shoes is compromised by arthritis and other problems in my knees and back.  this product has made shoes i quit wearing now fully available on a daily basis.  this has been a fantastically useful tool for me when i want to wear shoes that do not have a stiff heel.
case is well made and safely stores heady glassware at a bargain price.
trying to use to cut my own hair.  did not work well.  kept slipping.
o.k, so it is been 3 weeks and 4 days since i have been taking these breast pills. i am seeing a difference but not in cup size, i am seeingfeeling a lot of firmness and more bounce.when i touch my boobs they fill like they got bigger but when i look at my before picture i do not see a difference in size but just straight firmness. i do not know, but i will purchase one more bottle and see if i see a difference. i mean if you want results you have to commit on taking them every day.i will for sure reveal the truth  to as if this product works.one thing i do hate are scammers. i will be your proof.all i know is that if this s do not work in a month i want my money back. look for luz zuniga for me to keep you updated.
love this product.  received what was described and it worked perfectly.  i will definitely order again.
using alcohol and salt works just as well
material is a little cheap and unfortunately looks it. it is fine, but is not the best looking. like the ombre color, but that is a little cheap looking too.
fits perfectly and i am a chunky gal. holds the sensor in place. i thought the green would be more tealish, but it is a bright green. not horrible though.
now i can finally carry my epen with me and get to it fast, case is made very nice and durable, i love it
i have used this product for 20 years and it is awesome.  it is great for the "just got out of bed" look and the sexy "i did not do anything to my hair to get it to look this cool" look.  and as i aged and my hair got thinner, the tancho stick gave me the appearance of fuller, thicker hair.  it is one of the strongest hair waxes i have ever found.  the only thing i would change about this product is to have it without the lavender scent.  people have come to associate this smell with me and i no longer smell it.  however, if i had the choice i would rather not smell like anything.
this provided a nice relaxing bath. i personally prefer traditional lavender scents. this one smells more floral than lavendery. it did bubble and fizz, which created  an inviting bath.
it is a straw and as long as liquid comes up it is good! color is pretty too!
fantastic cafe latte flavor, mixes up smoothly, tastes incredible! i was disappointed to find that this contains sucralose, better known as splenda, which i do not prefer to consume. but this tastes so good and packs enough of a nutritional punch i might overlook that! very satisfying.an hour later woke up from a nap with a horrible taste in my mouth. brushing my teeth will not get rid of it. gaaah. the artificial sweetener in this otherwise tasty product is just not acceptable, which is really unfortunate. i wish they would either left it unsweetened or used plain sugar.
prosi like the scentfeels like a highquality oili am able to sleep after using thisconscannot think of any !!!
could be just a tad larger.  i have a small face and they just fit.
i have been using the skidmore products for years and have had only superb success with it. as an example, years ago i bought a butcher block dining room table. it had a natural light "oiled" finish. something other than polyurethane. i got the "bright idea" that i should recoat it with a popular semigloss polyurethane coating. what a disaster. it looked ok for a few months then went downhill from there. probably something i did in error during application to be honest. after looking at it for years i sanded off the poly and phoned the ownerinventor of the product who is more than willing to give one on one advice that is very nice. got simple instructions and i followed them. now the table literally looks better than the day i bought it. this is great stuff for sure. and, a little goes a long way too. i am absolutely not a carpenter or cabinet maker, but this product makes me look like one. you cannot go wrong as long as you read and follow the instructions. my highest recommendation!
my daughter has some blood sugar issues that seem to be resulting in dry mouth. this toothpaste has made a difference.
this is a quick and efficient way to get rid of stains.  it works very, very well.
great value and really nice sponge that has substance to it, not just a piece of netting tied together.
my wife uses it as our white noise machine for sleeping. we hadhave a previous model that is about 15 years old. my better half was afraid that it would die any day now. knowing that she could not make it through the night without her machine, we had to order a backup...we love it.
i ordered a few mini snaps by mistake and was going to return them but decided to maybe get something to go with them.  this bracelet is perfect!  i have the large snap necklace so i have started collecting mini and large snaps.
i am very pleased with this sponge. the price is excellent. the only issue i have is that it does not seem to lay the makeup into my skin as well as brushes or fingers. i do not contour, i just wanted something that would apply foundation faster than a brush. it is really easy to keep it clean and sanitary. i would do 4.5 stars if i could. i gave one to a friend and they are pleased.
all of the liquid liposomal vitamin c products that i have reviewed have all had a strong flavor  not bad but some people might like to dilute in water or something. i take it straight out of the bottle but the sweetened citrus flavoring is strong. i most definitely prefer a liposomal form of vitamin c whether it is capsules or liquid. liposomal vitamin c stays in your system much longer than the water soluble ascorbic acid which is excreted quickly by the body. liposomal means the ascorbic acid is wrapped in a fat blanket sunflower oil and is therefore carried much further and longer in your system fighting cold and flu viruses. this bottle of liposomal vitamin c is nearly the same as all the others i have reviewed so there is a lot of them to choose from. i can find nothing negative to say about this liquid liposomal vitamin c.
i like these bath bombs they actually smell like cotton candy  really beautiful coloring in the bath water
would not recommend, this are about as cheap of quality as i have ever seen in reading glasses.  broke the first day,
excellent blood pressure monitor. no more spending money on batteries.  charges quickly. accurate like the battery operated monitors. great price too. very pleased.
very good results with a pleasant scent.  there are so many biting insects here at this time of the year when the monsoons are present.  am not outside all day long as it is raining, but while i am there and using this avon product, the insects stay away.  i can actually sit and watch the hummingbirds without being bothered!!  i am pleased with this lotion and have purchased a second one.  would recommend.
this stuff is great! way better than any other brand even oxiclean! highly recommend!
it is a little hard to explain the feeling after using this. it suppressed coughing for momentarily. i did not use it long enough to say it provided longlasting results. my package came disheveled. the salt package was open, and salt was everywhere. there was a tiny crack on the bottom of the inhaler. watch out for that! i contacted amazon, and they refunded my money right away.
not as good as the aquacel extra ag, but these are much less expensive and work just fine on their own. save the super pricey ones for mrsa and stuff.
i started seeing a podiatrist about six months ago for horrible plantar fasciitis. i purchased these powerstep protech insoles from his office for about 50. these are the same ones i got at his office, and they are less than half the cost!these are firm, and great to add to any pair of shoes. it is important to note that they are covered in fabric, which will wear if you wiggle your toes inside your shoes, or if you put extra weight on one side. my doctor said i would need to replace my insoles in one year; i have actually needed a new pair for about two months.so, i am glad i have found these. i recommend getting properly fitted for the correct size, and getting a proper diagnosis from a podiatrist, as no insole is for every foot. but i am pretty happy. i will definitely order these again.
this product actually works.. i do not have back issues, i am 130lbs and i do commercial construction. i use to come home, most of the nights with an achy back, working plus wearing a tool belt, with this product i have not had an achy back besides when i do not wear this product and it is also half way decent. it is a bit bulky but to save the lower back it is worth the sweat
where has this been all of my life?! this thing is awesome! i used it tonight for the first time and it got all of my blackheads. i first washed my face, then used a hot wash cloth to open my pores, then powered on the vacuum on the lowest speed and tada  nose, chin and forehead is smooth and soft. i recommend this to anyone who has larger pores andor trouble with blackheads. you do not need to spend tons of money on one of these, this one is decently priced and does the job effectively. great purchase!
great quality and price
do you have extra energy for the holidays? looking to spend that energy in a special way that will put you on santa's naughty list? well look no further than this lovely toy that is great for all levels of enthusiasts!first off, the toy comes in a standard amazon box. once you open it up, it is right there, and it is not too discreet. so if you are not living alone, be sure to try to get the mail first when it comes. granted the packaging on the outside does not let others know what may really be inside.once you have got your toy unwrapped, you are going to want to wash it off first with some warm water to get it heated for some play. also, it is important to note you will need to already have some waterbased lube on hand as sadly the packaging did not come with any.getting your toy ready for some play is as simple as applying a generous amount of lube to both orifices, and then a healthy amount to yourself. what you will first notice even sticking your fingers inside of this toy is that it is beautifully textured inside. various bumps, ridges, and ribs will make sure from the first penetration, and to the heavy pumping in, and out will feel amazing in all the right places.after you hit your high note, and you are finished, clean up is as simple as step one. wash your toy out with warm, soapy water, and leave to air dry. you may even want to put on a bit of corn starch to leave it super fresh, and ready for use the next time you want to have a go at it.overall for the price point this toy is wonderful for anyone whose curious about owning their own special humping hole for the holidays. or if you are bold enough, and want a good paper weight on your desk. this lovely eye piece will catch anyones attention as it sits near you. believe me, you will want that weight because it feels great sinking down on you. this will also make a fun gift for a friend that will sure to make them blush in front of a crowd too if you are looking to embarrass somebody. i am looking forward to using this toy quite often, and i am happy i have it in my own personal collection for when i have got extra energy to burn over the holidays to keep myself busy. thanks for reading!
this is a very cute item with a lot of great potential.  the trees are adorable and made very well.  the little clothes pins are so cute and come with one for each tree, so there are no extras in case you lose one.  it comes with burlap string so some assembly is required.  the lettering is good, but not perfect.  the last letter s is coming off on my set, and some of the letters are glued onto the trees a little crooked.  the good thing was that while unpacking the trees, they were in order, so it was easy to assemble the words merry christmas quickly and easily.
this set is made in china and does not have specific brand labeling.  so it could be sold as any brand.  for that reason, you will want to look around to see who is offering the best price.  i find the current price of twentyfour bucks to be quite expensive for plastic rods and brushes made in china.the instructions show that you will probably want to use duct tape to secure each section together after you screw them together.  this  is certain true, as sections could unscrew as your working the brush backandforth. . . especially if using a drill.you may also wish to use super glue or some other glue to attach the brush head so that it does come unscrewed.the rods are not that flexible.  the more rods you attach, then the more curved it can become. . . but. . if you that some tight turns, then this may not work.this set comes with two brushes.  the bristles are a good combination of flexible  stiff.  the  brush is 4inches across, and about 1.75 wide.  the brushes must be used separately, and can to be attached together.i wish that someone would invent a dryer vent cleaner where you could attach some kind of hose to a vacuum cleaner.  because once you use such a brush. . .  you are going to have to get the lint out.  if you have such a hose, then you could possible attach it to this brush  pole set.
great curling iron
smells nice but total ripoff 7.99 for a 2.5oz....when you can get a 7oz bottle for a dollar more. my fault should have read teh description. plus the picture with all the bottles is misleading, you would think you were getting 67 mini cans for 7.99.. but again my fault..
this is the best product ever made for mosquitoes and flying insects!
over the years, i have tried all sorts of conditioners, creams, serums,  sprays,  everything new that comes out.  i am finished searching for the perfect repair serum. this natural repair serum answers all of my problems. frizz control  shine is important to me! i  also color my hair so this serum helps with the dryness. my hair looks shiny  healthy. i love to read through the ingredients of natural oils. i actually have heard of the oils! and i have used the oils before. to have these oils all together in one easy to use serum is great! i did receive this at a reduced cost for an honest opinion.  this bottle will last quite a long time  i will let my friends try it also. thank you!
i use a lot of stain removers. i have a puppy, an older dog and older husband and myself. we are all stain collectors. for me, just fixing a mug of coffee will result in coffee on my clothing. a nice amount. and if we go out to eat, i will surely get something that falls on me from the transportation with a spoon or fork. my husband always spills his food. the dogs leave stains all over the furniture and the floor  especially the puppy. he is about all done with going in the house, but i do not trust him to always go in the back to go potty. so, we have stain removers and use them darn near every wash.
this all around and only muffles slightly
other than the color, i love it!  really helps with pain
i have purchased professor amos drain cleaner for years.  it has always worked.  i may have to use more than one treatment, but it will clear your drain.
good product smells like curry
it is so much nicer to take a shower with a scrubber brush like this one. it is really soft and feels amazing. it is really easy to.hold onto even when wet. it is soft bristles provide a nice soft scrubbing massage to get derp down dirt off from skin. the ability to reach hard to reach places makes it feel like you have superhuman stretchability. great value
this is an ok performing toilet antiodor spray. the scent is rather weak compared with other similar sprays i have used, but it is reasonably strong. it is a generic floral scent  not all that different from a general air freshener type of scent, but not bad. it is certainly better than the odor it helps mitigate.as with other similar sprays, you need to use it before the toilet is used for maximum effectiveness. it has limited benefits if used after the toilet is used. a fair amount is needed 4 or 5 sprays for good results.compared with other similar products this is not as potent, and just an average value at best. three stars.
great buy however note the expiration date on the are nearing much sooner than if you buy direct from dr gundry himself, which is probably why its cheaper to buy on amazon. says good for use upto 2 years beyond manufacturers expiration
we needed this little battery for our security system.  could not find it anywhere.  price is reasonable and i will be reordering more soon.  if anyone needed this type of battery i would recommend this panasonic as it does last very long!  we also changed out the battery in our fire alarms as it is very important to make sure your fire alarms are working for your safety!
this is the best! i will buy more when i run out.
looks exactly how its pictured.a little pricey but its nice!
i bought this shower bench to be able to shave my legs or sit to take a shower when sick. it looks great in my shower, is the correct height for shaving legs and very sturdy.
just needed the clip but it does not open
great toothbrush. soft. my dog tolerated it very well.
these are nice files for the price. they file well, leave nails feeling smooth, and they are washable! i have had them a few months now and my file has not dulled or lost strength. excellent purchase!
i bought two of these. i have an expensive one at home and needed something smaller and less money for work and for when i travel. though it may not be "as powerful" as my expensive one at home, it does the job. i keep the one at work in a cosmetic bag, with toothpaste, toothbrush and a small mouthwash and it is perfect to tote to the restroom after lunch and keeping my teeth clean. the other is in my travel cosmetic case, so when i go out of town  i just charge it up and off i go. for 9.99, you cannot beat the price.
i am a big fan of generic stuff, including tissues. until i actually have a cold and then i want the real deal  kleenex. these are just softer and smoother with no shedding compared to the off brands. sneezing or just a runny nose means lots of tissues and these do not make your nose sore. this 8 box batch means we can keep them handy in every room.
it is what a expected. scent is not very strong but it coats well and does the job. keep it in plastic bag so it does not  dry out. glad to not be buying plastic throw always. will buy again but waiting to see how long this will last so far good over a few weeks.
order the ones for fingers and toes, got the ones for toes only.  returning!
i need the natural skin healing for my eczema spots that will itch and be noticeable if i did not have clothes over them, but then you have to itch through your clothing. i can use this on my face for the scales and also on my body. double duty! smells good too.
i really like these wipes. they are small i keep a package in my car and work great to clean up your face or other parts. not just for kids
do not waste your money. if looked great when i received it but it will not fit on any of my cabinets.
i did not really know what i was getting into. i have been discovering all sorts of new beauty and health tools  mostly good  and was especially excited to see this might help my hair. i did not really know what i was getting into here. thankfully, i read the instruction manual before starting and saw the warning about using this if you have metallic implants. i messaged eternal clear and received a speedy response that it was safe to use this as long as i stayed 1.5 away from my metal rods. yay!so i had already noted that everything arrived safely, neatly boxed and sealed. i was worried the bulbs were defective at first because they did not light up right away. i was not even sure if they were supposed to, but i persisted and eventually they all lit up. i do not know if it was a coincidence, but one finally lit up when i moved my hand closer toward it. they all seemed to light up much easier after the first time. the electric buzzing and smell is kind of scary, but as soon as i was told i could proceed, i plucked up the courage to try this on the lowest setting. i am not even sure it was a setting because there is a pretty wide range between on and where the dots indicating intensity start. i am slowly working on getting used to the sounds, smells, and feel first. i found the dial easy to turn. i am proceeding cautiously but optimistically.
my favorite of all the wen i tried.
very difficult to use. very hard to get out of the tube. a caulking gun would have been easier!
very thin ...does not feel the same as brand name
look no more red nose! but, no more money for the love of tissues please
easy to install and easy to clean...good value
i have ordered these twice and really like the soft packaging.  it is perfect for the car and any other place in the house. the quality is great and the price is great.
a little confusing to maneuver.
bought the dogthemed matches for friends; bought these matches for myself.  cute.the matches themselves are low quality but the dressedforsuccess cats are purrrfect meow.
my son loves it! good taste!!!
i initially was concerned after opening the package when i realized that this device is intended for the outflow port from an hvac system. while many people have the "vac" portion of the hvac system, my house is equipped just with the "hv"  heating and ventilation.after looking at my setup a bit and pondering, i reached out to the manufacturer, mammoth, and asked for some guidance on installing into my system.after sending some pictures back and forth we came up with a good solution to attach the unit to the sidewall of one of the heating unit which would purify anything entering into the system.the quality of the parts are great  the lights give a satisfying sound when connecting to their receptors, and the status lights that indicate when it is safe to service the equipment or not are a great added benefit.the included template for cutting into your system is very important, as without it this task would be substantially harder.
great item, cleans your contacts really good
item as described. good cleaning item.
i love this product as a night moisturizer. takes a jiffy to get the amount right but it is so absorbable its really not an issue. think you will love it.
makes good party joints, almost two zigzag papers long.  too long for my daily use, and no extra belt like the smaller raw rollers, but a fine machine none the less.  colorado approved.
this set has all the basic scents to get you started. you can use the different scents and blend them to make your own scent to have in your home. many people use these in the humidity type diffuser and others use the diffuser that does not use water. i do not use water and i get some times scents in my home.
great product.
bought for a xmas present and she loves them!
the rice was delicious.
super cute and be warned that these are a bit time consuming to put together but well worth the time!
now is a great time to take care of your immune system. it helps you fight off everything from colds and flu to cancer. these gummies taste great. they have a blend of elderberry, propolis and echinacea. they are all known to boost immune function. the gummies are very easy to take and are soft and chewy. i highly recommend this product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
indoor air quality has become of the utmost importance these days. most people want to do everything they can to keep their homes safe. this gadget is a novel approach. it uses uvc light to sanitize the air in your home via the hvac system. it is something that can be used in combination with an air filter to improve the air quality in your home. the unit is small and easy to install. the bulbs can be replaced when they die. i think this is an excellent invention. i highly recommend it.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  i hope the information that i have provided helps make your decision a little easier.
worked twice second time would not even come on for five minutes so it really worked once. then no lights no heat made in china garbage!  in the process of moving i do not have a printer to return so this is beyond inconvenient and with a stiff neck. running to print labels and return. second time this week.i guess i am just frustrated with being the best nation on the earth and having the crappiest products on the planet because of china and the terribke deals we have made in this county. i am done shopping online because of this
this is a really coollooking shaver! my son is into skulls and thinks this is the neatest thing ever. he says all of the shaving and trimming functions work quite well, which was a bit unexpected for a seemingly novelty device. but, when it comes to the brushes they do not clip into the base and stay there. therefore, once turned on, they can fall out at any time. the instructions do say to attach the brushes, place them against your face, and then turn the shaver on. so, maybe they are just held on by pressure. the instruction booklet is a good size and readable, which is a plus in my book.aside from the brushes not snapping into the shaver as all the other attachments do, this shaver looks cool and also functions very well. i would definitely recommend it, especially for skull lovers and teenage boys just starting out shaving. 4 stars
great teeth  gums supplement.  after only 4 days use my gums are pink  redness has cleared up. i like the clove taste  numbing effect. teeth feel stronger  set firm in gums too! they seem to be whiter even though i drink coffee  tea. yay!!
i was expecting a three pack from the picture....note to self always read what is included, especially since this indicated 90 capsules and that is what i got. i got to this review too late in the day to try it. but tomorrow morning...watch out. i am back and it is the next day. i took the diet capsule and now waiting to see if it curbs my appetite.
flavor is the first criteria i review when reviewing energy drinks, and i have reviewed a lot of them.  it is still too much on the sweet side but almost all of them are.  i do not know why they have to be so sweet, i usually add limelemon juice to them to cut the sweet.  that said, i play two hard sets of singles yesterday in the hot sun and had my water bottle filled with this energy booster.  i felt o.k. for the most part. playing in the sun really saps my energy so knowing that i was still going pretty strong towards the end of the match tells me this stuff must be helping.
this is basically a heated pad with a removable shield to keep the heat in. it looks like carpet in the pictures, but it is a plastic like material. that is not a bad thing since it is easy to wipe off, but i wanted to note that it is not a soft carpet. the heat is concentrated in the center of the mat but my feet stay warm on the edges too with the shield on. it is a welcome addition to my chilly office.
from what i have heard described about other rolling machines of this type, they break easily.  this one, which is made of hemp plastic, i am sure, will last a very long time, and it is very easy to use.love it!
this double sided brush is decent for dogs my only issue is that after a few weeks the bristles start coming out it is not a very durable brush.
steps are clearly numbered and stated on the items so there is no confusion or mistakes. best i have owned
was hesitant to buy cordless, as my other cordless esp. for cats did not cut through mats easily.  by the time i pulled his hair 2 or 3 times he bit showing his irritation...and then i was irritated too.  this holdog cordless pet hair clipper came today and my cat was been quickly dematted.  it had a 60 charge and i waited a couple minutes to get 100 charged very quickly.  i love the lcd display.  the blade was easy to take off and reassemble, so i oiled and cleaned the clipper before and after use.  this time i got a kitty kiss.  we are both happy. love it.  and for the price, amazing.
took care of arm pain nerves that was result of shingles.  was able to go to sleep.
good cotton balls, used mainly for removing nail polish.  they held together well.
worked great!
did not mean to order this, but i am glad i did. works as advertised. i like that it folds around my straighter too. chi approved
this package came with two silk sleep masks and a pair of foam ear plugs. one sleep mask is black on both sides and the other has purple on one side and black on the other.  the fabric is smooth and soft against the skin. the elastic band that holds the mask on is doubled over and is adjusted by sliding the fastener rather than with a bulky snap or velco closure. i find this closureadjustment method more comfortable than my current sleep mask. the mask is thick enough to block light, and the mask does narrow as in, has a "cut out" in the nose area for a somewhat better fit. but there is no molding or pillowed area to hold the mask above your eyes or fill the gap created between the cheek and the nose, so light does get under the mask. the mask lies directly against my eyelashes, and i do not really care for that. the stitching is neat.the mask measures 8.5" across by 4" high or 3.5" high where it dips up at the nose area. the elastic can be adjusted between about 8" to 15" of length, for a total mask  elastic length of 16.5" to 23.5".
this smells different than their other dreft i have got in the past and i love the update. it smells so good and not too intense. the box reduces plastic waste and is recyclable, easier and more convenient to use than a pour plastic bottle. just a warning to turn and open the spout slow because it will come out fast if not. i have been using this on our daughters clothes and cloth diapers and it cleans very well and makes everything smell great!
i cannot tell you how much i appreciate the wide flat bases of these ziplocs! i like to make ahead and freeze meals, and it is often awkward to fill them without someone else holding them open. these stand up by themselves, and make it so much easier! love them!
as many others have said, these are 2 oz cups. they are also poorly packaged  just shrink wrapped so at least a dozen are crushed or otherwise damaged.pity because they are a cute pattern. might keep, have not decided yet.
this is a great quality brush that i got to make the difficult  job of straightening my daughters hair.  now it is a little less of a chore for us both. this is easy to use and does a nice job in half the time and alot less fuss from my child. it can be a bit of a problem when she wants to play and not sit to have it taken care of for any length of time. this is a nice way to get her hair done quickly and painlessly so we are both happy. it works so well and does a great job. it gets hot fast which is great no one wants to sit waiting. the handle stays cool so i do not have to worry about my hand burning while i am doing her hair. the controls are easy to use and the directions explained everything thoroughly. the screen is easy to read. her hair brushed right through and it did not take long for it to look smoother and straight. this is a great brush that does a good job i am so glad i found it.i was given this brush in exchange for an honest review.
no instructions. i have no clue what those handle things are for. however i did use the stickies to keep the balloons holding together and the long ballon holder.
i have purchased for international s. america and vietnam travel.  when it pours the lotion separates from the insect oil and i have a tough time getting to two to meld.
this product made my wife's legs go numb.
my wife has major knee issues.  i purchased this and installed per instructions.  if you are a handy man type, this will pose no problem for the installation.  the white color matched the white porcelain of the toilet.  the base of the toto drake is longer than toilevator's 22.3 inch length and extends off the platform 1 inch in the back.  it does not effect stability.  i know it can hold just over 300 lbs. without structural failure, in the 2 months we have had it.i purchased the item because there were no ada or otherwise round toilets available 3.5" taller than the drake and this toto has been great operationally and for longevity of parts.  with the toilevator's 3.5" lift, i kept my original toilet, and my wife's knees are much easier to extend when she stands up.  i was rather concerned about the weight, but it said 500 lbs. was the limit.  it has proved sound.  it has been easy to clean.  the toilet has not shifted or slid on the base.  the bolts extended higher than the top of the toto toilet base.  i just purchased a deep cap rather than cut them.  all needed items are in the kit, except for the deeper bolt cap covers.  i also needed a new bowl gasket seals the tank to the bowl as i took off the tank to make handling much easier for me.the only issue for me were the closet bolts that were supplied these connect the toilet base and the toilevator to the sewer flange at the floor.  the heads of the bolts were round, not flat, and appeared to be galvanized.  they should be stainless steel.  they would not fit under the flange.  i simply ground the head and sides down a bit till they fit, and applied plumbers grease to the threads to prevent the bolt and nut becoming rusted together.  years of experience have taught me to think ahead.......
these insoles are made from eva. they are not as durable and give less cushioning than insoles made from polyurethane. the insoles i received were much larger than my shoes, so i had to trim them down which is a hassle compared to insoles that are properly sized.
very comfortable and soft
i love the glitter! the mask is comfortable and light enough so it is not overwhelming. i wear it to my doctor's appointments if they are not virtual. anywhere i need to go it is appropriate. and cute!!
3 years later, there is a leak.
fit my device and now i can charge it, woohoo!
review after one week of use had some doubts that this would work as well as stated for the incredible task  at hand  a laundry room that is the nighttime spot for 3 dogs. every morning we open the door and gasp at the horror of the stench. a good thorough mopping might clean the floor but the air is rank with stinky dog that no aerosol air freshener can conquer. plugged this in as soon as it arrived and within an hour, it was pleasant. even when the pack comes in wet, it has made a big difference. now to see how long it lasts.update after a month, the dogs are winning. it no longer clears out the smell the way it did in the beginning. if my laundry room were bigger, i would purchase another larger unit like the one we use for the whole house, maybe that would work. for now, we might just have to invest in face masks.
i got these to wear to my chemo time. they are super soft around the eyes, they wrap around and velcro keeping the maximum amount of light out so i can sleep. i am so very happy i found these. my friend recommended a memory foam style and i never thought of it. so i was excited to buy them. overall, great comfort, great sleep quality and very soft on eyes. i highly recommend these to anyone.
these innocheer 2434; wind chimes with s hook are literally music to my ears. i love the sound that they make. i moved them earlier today on my front porch so that they would be closer to my bedroom. they sound like christmas music to me and such a pretty sound at that.i would buy again.
i did not attend my expectations.  it did not make my feet smooth at all.  the motor sounds very cheap.  i am in the process of returning this product.
this really gives a nice stretch.  i use it on my office chair daily.  ever since i started using this the lower back pain i would have at the end of the day is gone.
we are big fans of this flavor and the coconut. wish they were less expensive but they are not.
i use this form of curcumin more for its ability to cross the bloodbrain barrier neuro protective. having said this, i also find it to be an excellent antiinflammatory.
these are great.  best i found so far.
this is the biggest piece oh shiiiiiiii i ever bought ! it does not even work
i love that this has a sturdy stand and wheels. they roll very easy. the drying power is very good. it dries up rather than down which i think dries the hair faster. it was easy to assemble. very professional type dryer.
great nail file.  the 34;sand34; does not rub off.  this is good quality.
saw one bottle sitting on a shelf, bought it to try out since i get dry mouthed at night but do not want to drink anything. this worked well and i just ordered 3 more bottles.
i have only taken it about 4 days and can already tell the difference.  thank you.
nice product, but over priced, i found it at a big box store for half the price.
reading all these reviews and they look and read like the same reviewer.... do not ya think? strange .... so....be cautious.
cannot get the protector off the brush, going to have to send it back..
the first time i ordered these i fell in love with them because they where perfect for work but this second time around i found it be a different type of glove as if they changed the product .it felted and a different color
i love these bars!  they are a bit chewy and can get really hard if they are cold, but i still give them 5 stars because they are one of the best egg free paleo bars on the market.
my posture is excellenteveryone says so. smile including multiple physical therapists. but, i began to have some irritation in my clavicle collar bone area, and a new curved car seat back was killing me. combined ... just awful. this gentle posture corrector helps hold my shoulders back. that is retraining my back muscles and relieving both issues. it is easy to don and very adjustable. comfortable. remember, only 30 minutes at a timeespecially to start.
i love these nail files as they are the only ones that i will use.  thank you so much.
i bought hoping to block husband snoring, which did not help well with that.  but took with me on a plane ride and it work amazing keeping light from overhead plus helped with using to try to rest.
that strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing did not really work for me. i think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and i am not sure this is designed for americans. also, it does not really stay in place. but the straps and lanyard thing or useful. the rest? depends on your face.that strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing did not really work for me. i think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and i am not sure this is designed for americans. also, it does not really stay in place. but the straps and lanyard thing or useful. the rest? depends on your face.
better then 3.00 dollars a box
taste nothing like salted caramel it is nasty tasting and i have tasted way better flavors of whey then this. i am a caramel fanatic when i am looking for a good whey that does not have hidden sugars and was disappointed that i spent 50 flats on something i expected a way better taste. i have to down this drink pretty fast because it is not anything i can discribe. just not caramel of any means. do not waste your money extend has a better flavor then this brand of carmel and you get way more for your money.
its heavy duty, works well in the kitchen, any surfaces that needs cleaning
these suffice for the small amounts of trash i generate. the size is good for small to med waste cans. the price was right and delivery was fast. they do tear easily if heavy or sharp objects are put in.
i filled up the soap container and it was very hard to squeeze it out, so i just put the soap on the brush and showered that way! i like the brush part, soft and felt like it was getting the dry skin off, but did not like the fact that the liquid soap was hard to squeeze out, it is okay, but not as easy as it says in the ad..... i bought the three pack so i will not be buying it again...
like the title says, i stuck them to the back of a pair of boots with worn soles to restore traction.  there was a maximum area for the pad to adhere, and i carefully cleaned and slightly roughened the area to maximize its ability to stick.after just a single wear the pads were starting to come off, and after 2 they were completely gone.  while they were cheap, they were a total waste of money.
maca powder is a superfood from peru. you can mix some of the powder in your smoothies and you can also add some to your baking. it is good for giving you endurance. it is very nutritious but also has 20 grams of carbohydrates per serving.
we have several similar products in the house.  during this covid19 we try to take our vitamins and stay hydrated.  this is a very nice item to have around.  my wife and i are actually both drinking one now.my biggest complaint is the salty taste.  i know, i know it has salt for electrolytes but my other main one we drink does not have this salty taste.  i just chugged half the bottle and then refilled it with cold water.  i like it better when it is diluted.  next time i will just use 12 of one tube in my bottle of water.i do appreciate the vitamins and will continue to use this.
i really like the idea of this device. the vibrations themselves are soothing. but because i purchased this to help with long haul covid issues which stem, to my understanding, at issues with nervous system regulation, i did not consider the fact that one of my symptoms is scalp pain. and when i am experiencing the scalp pain, the location of this device can be somewhat aggravating. in addition, i had a hard time getting it to rest comfortably behind my ears. it had a tendency to move off of my left ear in particular. i am not sure if its not as suited to certain headear shapes.i did find the vibrations to be comforting, but it was offset by the discomfort of the pressure on my head aggravated by long haul scalp pain and proclivity to headaches.another issue was that, for a product like this; i would like to use it more than 2x a day. one charge lasts about 4 sessions, so it requires frequent recharging if you want to use it more regularly. and also, using it more regularly, i felt more discomfort from the pressure on my headears. so not an ideal device for frequent use.i only ended up using it a few days before deciding to return. i really like the idea, and i did enjoy the sensation of the vibration, but it was not wellsuited for my needs at this time.
love it. so fresh and coconut is wonderful
if you know and love sangre de grado, this is a good one.
supplements were a great deal, cheaper than the local nutrition store.  plan to order again in the future.  no complaints at all but just so everyone knows, amino acids taste terrible!  they also give you terrible breathe while you are eatingdrinking it.  just a heads up, i was not aware of this until after i started them.
i have only used the high heel pad for the front of my feet. and they were amazing. so comfortable. heels that i could not wear for more than an hour. i wore all night.
these are the best nail files and buffers to use. i am a nail tech and i always use these files since i can clean them after i am done using them and put them in my clients individual tool containers. love them. a must buy. make sure you prep the edges of the files before using them on your clients or on your self since you can cause cuts since they are sharp.
although not the most durable, it did the job.  but if you plan on mailing items using this, i would not get this.  if it is just for gifts that you will transport locally or at your home then it does a decent job.
my right foot has a bunion growing bigger and have been looking for something to help ease the pain. this bunion corrector does okay but by it being so squishy, it is not really correcting anything. all it does is provide a cushion between my big toe and second toe. i have turned it go horizontal between my toes and that seems to help better. still on a hunt to find something other than surgery to correct it.i received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
probiotics are important for digestion and immune health,  but they can get pricey.  these are reasonably priced and seem to work the same as my regular brand.
pain in my limbs have greatly lessened  from taking this.  i can finally enjoy walking again.
very impressed with this stop and squat foot stool. it is made of great quality plastic that is sturdy and has a decent weight to it. it is great for people who are shorter than 6 feet and really uncomfortable for someone taller. i am 5'5quot; and it works great for me. my significant other is 6'1quot; and finds it really hard to use. it allows me to have a productive bowel movement, and it takes some adjusting for your intestines to understand what is going on lol but i am happy with it and recommend to those who want to have a bm the way man was supposed to have it. there is a gap in the middle for you to line it up evenly in front of the toilet. great bathroom experience nonetheless.i received a free product for the purpose of my review. opinions are 100 my own.
i have used it twice on wet feet and it works perfectly at getting dead skin off and smoothing .
niftalicious!!!
ok. does not straighten curly hair completely.
love these things; cannot live without them.  others have posted they do not work, but it takes at least a couple months of constant use to get the full benefit; i have tried many other tabs for my joints, and will not go back to anything else; these make me able to move and not be in such constant knee pain.
i love this, my son is autistic and so it is a great sensory bath toy for him, he loves to hold it and feel it, its really flexible as well and he likes when i rub his back with it, a great buy!
according to the manufacturer, "fresh aid toothpaste is packed with quality ingredients that target gum diseases like gingivitis and plaque. it prevents tooth decay and gum and tooth pain. it is also the best toothpaste for those with sensitive teeth and gums."this toothpaste has ginger root extract, which i can taste and may partially account for the tingling sensation that stays on after you rinse your mouth out. the toothpaste has a yellowish color and kind of reminds me of lemon filling. it leaves your mouth feeling fairly clean but there is a lightness to this toothpaste that other white and chalky toothpastes like crest do not have.i question whether the lack of fluoride will be effective in the longterm at protecting my recessed gums and preventing plaque from taking hold. i usually use colgate total, so only time will tell if this toothpaste will be as effective. i have been brushing it now for only a week, so i will update this review if anything changes. for now, it is an ok toothpaste for those who are concerned with the amount of chemicals in their toothpaste. because of my gum issues, effectiveness is more of a priority for me, so if you have overall healthy teeth and gums, you may love it.
this product is easy to use and leaves my granite countertops very shiny and looking great.  it also has a nice clean smell.  simply spray it on and rub with a dry cloth.  the can lasts a very long time and it is a great value.
just like all the other comments that i did not listen to the liquid will never go through this tube! it will not work.
this is a very nice, modern scale.  it take 4 aaa batteries and were easily installed in the scale.  this is a very nice scale and it looks great in my bathroom.  love the glass.  seems to be accurate when it comes to weighing on it.  overall i am very satisfied with this scale.  it has met my expectations and does not look cheap.i received this scale for free for testing and reviewing purposes.  this is my honest unbiased opinion and have come to this conclusion by using the scale myself.
my family constantly has problems with ear wax build up. it seems like i am constantly cleaning them. i got this product in hopes of making it a little less scary than scooping it out. it does an okay job.  i think i need to work with it more to figure it out.  bottle worked as advertised.
seems to put more of a strain on the oral b .to move the brushes ,than the factory brushes.  i think i well go backto the oral b.
i have been using the aria for about a month now and i am really pleased with it. i like that it takes a new measurement every time you step on. i have had some scales in the past that did not seem to budge unless you lost or gained a pound or two, and sometimes that big jump was quite unwelcome. it measures quickly, identifies me and syncs right to my fitbit account immediately. i was initially concerned because the bathroom that it is located in has the worst wifi connection in my whole house, but so far i have not missed a single reading on it.the bodyfat  definitely does fluctuate, but as i am familiar with other devices that measure bodyfat i also know that things as simple as whether your stomach is empty or full and how dehydrated you are can cause this to fluctuate quite a bit. the percentage itself might not be extremely accurate, but if you weigh yourself at the same time and under similar circumstances daily ie. first thing in the morning before you have eaten or had anything to drink, then it is accurate enough to let you know whether your percentage is increasing or decreasing over time. this is not a professional bodyfat measuring tool, and it is unreasonable to expect it to work as well as one.i am the only one currently using my scale so i cannot comment on the difficulties some people have with multiple users or guest users. setting it up was extremely simple and now i do not have to wonder if i remembered to log my weight in my fitbit account or not. in fact now i cannot do things like 34;forget34; to log my weight after a rough weekend. i like to know where i am at on my journey so i do not find myself avoiding getting on the scale to avoid having the weight logged, which i was actually worried about. overall it has just become a comfortable part of my routine and caused me to have to be a bit more accountable to myself. i am quite happy with my aria.
i have been using it and has a nice flavor. very effective
given as a gift. much appreciated and comfy for patient.
it was a gift they loved it
no! do not use magic erasers on anything! i cannot believe they are even still selling any of these things. they serve no purpose and will damage anything they touch. if you care about the surface you are about to clean, keep these things away or the surface will be damaged.
these adult diapers are soft and comfortable to wear, also quite absorbent.  my only issue is that the cute design looks like baby diapers.
not the same as the picture
this are super colorful great gift giving holiday bags and tags. i always give smaller gifts to neighbors sometimes home made baked goods, sometimes a bottle of wine. these bags are perfect for this. the drawstring is made of ribbon and seals the bag well. these would also be great for packaging teacher's gifts or for family gifting. highly recommend. nice variety, nice colors!
fits great
i love this pillbox with fox hunt theme
in the clouds! god bless
returned it.  did not work for me
i just cannot seem to wear any other type of nose pads than these selfadhesive soft pads. i have tried at least 5 or 6 other kinds and i always come back to these. they are so much more comfortable on the nose and i have a very small nose bridge. these come in different colors and have been the only ones worth the expense!
i like these bags. they do clear odors in  enclosed spaces.
i am not going to be ugly  but this was the worse 9.00 i have spent and that is all i have to say about it.
i have bought several of these kits, and i finally figured out why this is not working for me. a lot of the breakfasts and lunches are very sugary bars, which later make me feel like i am starving  i think it is the sugar. for one thing, a granola bar, in my opinion, is a pretty lousy breakfast or lunch. not very filling, and not much nutrition. then after you eat these, you crash from the sugar high and are starving. i ended up eating eggs on the days that i was supposed to have the bars and i have bars left over. weight loss was zero.  i lost on nutrisystem before, but that was when they had artificial sweeteners. for those who want to know, this is low fat, low calorie, high carb, high sugar.  i do like most of the dinners.
last minute gift for a 15 year old hockey fan. arrived on time  he appeared happy. cannot comment on the game as we did not play.
while it is not a new neck, it does help keep the existing one freer from strain and tension. it fits right at the bend of the neck and if you lay on it regularly it helps ease shoulder tension. i put it on the floor and just relax into it and it works the best. if i am trying to watch tv or something it does not have the same effect but just relaxing or listening to an audiobook, music, podcast it is very effective.
bought as part of a gift for a soap making kit and it was well received. a little bit makes a lot of soap so this was a great value!update still 5 stars! made soap regularly for 6 months with these before finally having to order more! fantastic lather and has made great soaps.
exactly what i expected! thanks!
nice strong pumpi have two one purched from here and one from another online vendor. moves more coolant than i had anticipated. right now i have the pump maxed but i will be taking it down to a lower setting. i do not need the flow that it is set on now. i have two of the pumps tied in a series using the koolance rp452x2 dual 5.2534; reservoir. had a aio pump die on me in the past, so this series setup should allow for redundancy.
unfortunately, it did not remove the odor as i had hoped.
i use only 14 to 12 tsp. if i have leg cramps, this works the best! my dad had hand cramps and within 15 mins of giving him 12 tsp, the cramps were gone. i love that i can vary the dose.  check out dr. carolyn dean.
loved the variety
please use vinegar for weeds and not poison!  as a cancer surviver i would never use poison when vinegarworks!  i add dishsoap also and it works great.  spray when weeds are small and you use much less product and nip it in the bud before weeds get out of hand.  i always use vinegar 30 straight with added dishsoap. perfect, safe and simple!!
best natural 0calorie sweetener out there imho.  absolutely no aftertaste, and tastes just like regular sugar.  it can be cooked with, but if the item is something like a jam, best to add at the end of cooking.  with baking, you are supposed to add 14 more but i like it a bit less sweet, so just add the amount in the recipe.  perfect for adding to dry cereal.
looking forward to using these with our cloth diapers.  durable and waterproof!revised review we have been using these for awhile and they are wonderful. the drawstrings are not super helpful but we do not need to use them that way. amazing quality and great use! we are nearly a year in!
perfect size. leaves residue on hands after handling.
product did not work! do not waste your money!
great case! you will not be disappointed!
the mats are very easy to use, they fit together and separate with ease.  the thickness is great, my pins do not poke through.  they also allow for very fast drying time. overall, these are excellent.
i have used quite a few keto supplements and this one is nasty. i could hardly even get it down. did not bother drinking another one. its really bad. and did not get the energy the same as the ptks. disappointed
i cannot remember the last time a purchase made me this happy! does not matter what season it is, my feet develop thick calluses and crack open and bleed not just on the heels.  i have used all manner of graters sponges, files, microplanes, etc. and while they make my feet smoother, i cannot get rid of the calluses.  the emjoi did what all of those other methods could never accomplish.  my feet are indeed smooth and soft after using it just a couple of times.  and oddly enough, even though it took the calluses down more completely than the other methods, it seemed to be gentler on my skin than the other tools, which often left me with sore or bleeding feet.  i will sing emjoi's praises from the rooftops, lol.
works really well.  one application was all i needed for a pair of older stinky sneakers.  will definitely buy again.
after trying a ton of different metal nail files, these are the only nail files i buy!
i love this thing. i have a messed up foot from a call several months ago and this really helps when it gets tight or painful. the pressure is greati vary it depending on needs. i use it approximately once a day and have had no problems. i use the heat occasionally and it is meh.
this is useless.  you have to place your entire mouth over the opening and then exhale.  i do not see how you could use this while driving or anythingelse
i hate how so many supplements use artificial sweeteners that make everything so sickeningly sweet. this protein powder is actually not as sweet as many that i have tried. definitely more of a natural amount of sweetness that i really appreciate! tastes just like a sweetened, creamy latte. i add this to my morning coffee and it is just perfect!this does not state whether it has caffeine in it or not, but i do not believe it does despite the cold brew flavor.the reason i took a star off was the packaging. i was super excited to receive a bagged protein powder because the super large and usually half empty containers of protein powders take up so much counter space. unfortunately, it just does not seal back up very well. did not feel air tight at all. i did not want it to lose freshness so i just put it in a different container. wish the sealing strip had worked better.
heavy duty, caps fit tight, could be larger.
this tiny pill is super easy to swallow and does not contain ingredients that would exclude its use for people with celiac disease or dairy or soy sensitivities, though it did not mention anything about being vegetarian. they are also chewable.
dmso is a carrier product, to be applied on clean skin away from cut sores and only to be used externally.apply a little with sterile cotton, let dry and apply i.e. icy hot or pain medicine, may give a licorice taste in mouth.this should only used for severe pain, check with your health care provider.
best deal . will buy again
got  the clay model and i found it very difficult to warm in my small microwave . i have got a turntable and this wrap is large and difficult to pack inside. you end up having to fold it over and then it never heats evenly.  once i did get it warm enough it was awkward to wear because the weight it at the bottom so it ends up pulling downward and  choking you.there is a rather flimsy strip of velcro that is supposed to hold it together but it looked like an amateur job. i expected this to be much nicer based on reviews i had read.
this is giving me alot of relief on my back and legs do not fall asleep
i have referred this product to many clients.  all of thiers have worked very well. unfortunately mine has never worked.  the company has not responded to my calls to ask questions.
slow results. strong chemicals.
been taking this stuff daily for a couple of months and have noticed a sizable difference in the reduction of lower legcalf cramps. from what i have found, this is the only supplement where you can get 1000mg of potassium in one scoop. otherwise it is sold in 50mg pills, which would take forever to get to the minimum recommended 3,500mg a day and you need more if you are nursing.i put this in with about 14 cup warmed water 30 sec in microwave  it seems to dissolve better in warm water. and then i mix it in with 20 oz of flavored water. it does alter the flavor a bit, but you get used to it.
these have a great taste but after about 2030 minutes i have the nasties belches. cannot say if they are working but i am still taking them.
i take this for sleep, regular bowel movements along with one dulcolax every now and then since i have diabetes and my bowel has slowed down. i take two every night and it really helps the heart. read up about magnesium! it helps a lot of things including muscle cramps.
does it work? probably notdid it have some placebo effect? maybe a littlewould i buy it again? definitely notthanks for coming to my ted talk
the only cleaning solution to use!
love using these on my contacts. they always feel so refreshed in the morning
works great.  very easy to use
nice product but the extended button causes it to pop open in my pocket a lot. oh well
i bought this to catch the few stray hairs missed by several rounds of laser hair removal on my legs. the epilator requires multiple passes on some patches. i feel it pulling, but it does not get everything. i have not used an epilator since the 1980s so i am not sure if this is how they all are or if this one is weak. in any case, having the electric razor option is nice for the few i cannot get. i have also tried the heel sander on my feet. seems okay, but i did not buy it for that.
i love my little witch.she is perfect
thank god they make a liquid version of astaxanthin!!! my husband can not swallow pills and this is the only liquid astaxanthin i have found antwhere! it is pricey, but it is the only one around so we continue to buy it! astaxanthin is very good for your health! it is a super antioxidant! wish they made a chewable gummy for kids!!!!! we take our astaxanthin daily as part of our everyday supplements! my husband has not complained of any taste aversion...i mix this in with his liquid fish oil and add it all to a small shot glass of juice...he drinks it every morning... poor guy! but what can you do when he cannot swallow pills!?!?! he does not complain, just drinks it down!!!
i love the portability of the individual days of this "pill case attache." it is great for 2x's per day doses. however, i have a few dislikes.loves each day is portable. each side is large enough to hold about10 pills as long as they are not super large i find it easy to fill the pu carrying case makes the pill compartments easy to carry. dislikes the pill cases are tightly enclosed in the case making it a bit difficult to remove each day. there is no am pm written on each cell; instead there is a moon and sun. the days written on the side of the case are only one one side. since the cells move around in the case, the day of the week is not always visible.in summary, even though this is large, i like that each circular day container can be taken in a purse for one day and there is no need to take the entire container. they also hold a sufficient amount of pills for me. unfortunately my dislikes have me rating this case 3 stars. the current price of 10.99 is reasonable for this and a lot cheaper than the same case in black that is 5 more by another vendor.
very happy with this!  i spent a lot of money 3 years ago for a teak bench which eventually rotted out and took up too much space in my tiny shower stall anyway.  this is lightweight and comfortable; i can shave my legs!  probably best for younger folks not afraid of falls.  a frail person should seek something sturdier, but it is exactly what i needed.
i bought 2 in different colors.  one holds a nebulizer and all its parts in one place.  the other holds personal home medical equipment.  no more bulky boxes.  the different colors helps separate things.  and family members can easily find home medical supplies.
if you are looking for both a great maintenance wash while including nano ceramic protection, look no further. excellent cleaning power and will leave your paint glossy and fresh.as the instructions say, do not let it dry on the surface and be quick to either washrinse off per instructions. this is definitely my goto wash, and its quite concentrated so you can mix down as a detailer as well. great product.
great product.i will never be without this product.it works.
wonderful set for self or as a gift.smell amazing and so relaxing to soak in hot tub with.box it came in was wonderful and i have to say i will be ordering these again for gifts for sure.
granddaughter really likes it
absolutely did not help or feel comfortable at all.
i am doing a 5x5 stronglifts program, and my squat weight is getting pretty heavy for me. i weigh 185 and probably around 240 i started to feel a little pain in my knee at the bottom of my lift. nothing super bad, but just a little instability? if that makes sense. anyway, these things are amazing. they provide that little bit of compressions that just makes everything feel right. i am up to 260 now, and squatting 45 times a week. super nice product. cannot go wrong. i also used their sizing chart and it worked perfect. went with the large for my 15'in pattela measured right around the center of my knee with my leg straight.
shaves well.  the first one i ordered stopped working after 5 months of use. however the seller was kind enough to provide a replacement.
works as expected.
this is exactly what i was looking for and what a great price!!!  these were much more expensive in the store.
cheaply made
perfect. i bought these on the recommendation of kelly starrett from his book ready to run.they are exactly what i wanted. sturdy and well made.
since we are at 6 million deaths as of today precaution prevails these are great for slipping inside of decent paper masks and probably regular ones i do not know but i put them inside of paper masks when i do not feel like messing around with heavier cloth ones for example at the hair stylist. my only complaint is that is actually a compliment, they have a little bit of stickiness to the edges so occasionally you will peel them off your face but i have yet to break out or had any residue but i find an unobtrusive and living in a building with long hallways, fire doors, and non maskers it is better to be safe than sorry i can recommend
great scent to the deodorant, but this brand was not a good match for my skin type resulting in regular breakouts in my underarms. i do not normally have sensitive skin  never had issues with deodorant or antiperspirants in the past
these masks are, in my opinion, as effective as standard n95 masks and at least as comfortable to wear. they foldup very nearly and tend to last me about a week each. the ear strings are comfortable and stretch easily. they are a bit sharp on the back of my ears, but not unbearably.
qgel is made in the usa but, unfortunately, it contains gelatin, which is not vegetarian or vegan. it is manufactured in a certified good manufacturing practices gmp facility and is laboratory tested and approved for guaranteed potency and purity.this supplement indicates that it contains both vitamin e as alpha tocopherol and coq10 aka ubidecarenone aka ubiquinone. coq10 is a biologically active compound similar in its chemical structure to vitamins k and e. research has indicated that coq10 and vitamin e work synergistically as powerful antioxidants, exponentially multiplying the positive benefits of each. see reference below.this supplement also includes lecithin, which additionally helps improve the bioavailability of coq10. see reference below.coq10 is particularly well known for its function within cells in the mitochondrial adenosine triphosphate atp cascade, a crucial aspect of energy production within the body. because cellular functions are dependent on an adequate supply of atp, coq10 is crucial to the maintenance of health in virtually all tissues and organs in the human body. see reference below.coq10 is of particular benefit for cardiovascular health, especially for heart patients who have been prescribed statins, which have long been known to dangerously decrease levels of coq10 in the body. symptoms of low levels of coq10 due to statins can include muscle weakness and fatigue, high blood pressure, and mental fog. in the extreme, symptoms can include chest pain, heart failure, and seizures.coq10 has also been found helpful in the treatment of chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia, no doubt because of its raising of atp levels in the body, as described above.research has found that selenium makes an important contribution to the body's processing of coq10 in that it is required in order for the body to fully utilize coq10. see reference below. however, selenium is not included in this supplement. therefore, it is a good idea for anyone hoping to maximize absorption of a coq10 supplement such as this one to add a selenium supplement to their nutraceutical regimen.because it is fatsoluble, it is recommended to ingest coq10 with a meal that contains fat and to take it at a dose of 30200 mg per day. the dosage of this supplement is 100 mg per each softgel. that is a pretty standard dosage for persons such as myself who take it to promote good health and not for a specific health condition.relevant researchalehagen you, et al. still reduced cardiovascular mortality 12 years after supplementation with selenium and coenzyme q10 for four years a validation of previous 10year followup results of a prospective randomized doubleblind placebocontrolled trial in elderly. plos one. 2018 apr 11;134e0193120.saini, r. coenzyme q10 the essential nutrient. j pharm bioallied sci. 2011 julsep; 33 466467.xing, l, et al. cosupplementation with vitamin e and coenzyme q10 reduces circulating markers of inflammation in baboons. am j clin nutr. 2004 sep; 803 649655.zhou h, et al. improvement of the oral bioavailability of coenzyme q10 with lecithin nanocapsules. j nanosci nanotechnol. 2013 jan;13170610.
this body wash smells wonderful. the foam makes it feel luxurious too.
all of the ingredients in this combination are well thought out and researched, and patented, potent forms of them are included. there is no magnesium stearate, etc. in the capsules. i find that this combination helps keep me focused and yet less stressed. sometimes i take in the evening but it is equally good in the morning. the cost is relatively high for 2 capsuleday use but during a particularly stressful period it is worth it. i find taking 1day works for me, but my body weight is not much over 100.
have to have helps with copd
love this product and that it is offered on amazon!
honestly i do not know what i am doing wrong. but once i put it in. it just stays in place with no effort on my part. no matter which one or two i use. so did not work for me.
god product
pretty rock necklaces with a nice box, great deal. however did have to replace the chains with more sturdy tangle free chains.
this vitamin product works great, and i would purchase this item again
nice size, noise level soso, do not work worth a darn though. waste of my .
colloidals and nano particle minerals are great, wether you are an alchemist or not.. be careful using them with any medical issues, especially copper, but if you utilize them correctly you can expect amazing results. read up on them,  there are plenty of good knowledgeable people  actual doctors and scientist on youtube, that provide a plethora of great information and proven research on the different ones available, and the one or ones that are right for your personal situation.blessings..
during allergy season my nose used to get so sorenow it does not.
i have used and loved this product for years but it was a little green pill.  did not notice when i ordered but these new ones are capsules.  they do not seem to work as well for me and wonder if the ingredients have changed?
this is a "feels" review and as such you should seriously question the results. my name is paul, i have been diagnosed with vitamin d so low it wins limbo contests. i have been on various vitamin ds for years, every time i get my blood tested it is low. every doctor's like "oh, well take 5000 a day you will get it back up in no time." and for the past 15 years or so i have been taking more than that daily. i just burn right through it.i also get severe insomnia if i take it later in the day... that is generally how i know it is working. as i have absolutely no method of testing whether this worked other than the feels, i took it later in the day than i normally would my globule d3 dose and discontinue that. i had severe insomnia for the two nights i tried it later in the day. my assumption is that means it is either d3 or speed.on the feels spectrum it feels at least like what i take for 5000iu. i do not know that my body can tell the difference between 5000 and 10,000 however.the pills are interesting. not particularly bothersome. no nasty burps post pill.i would say these feel effective, smell fine, take easy. as i have been on d3 for over a decade and on these for 10 days it looks like and it is now gloomy and falllike out, i would say they are working. i will update if i feel they are not but it feel about right.man, i hate making "feels" reviews... anyone has a d3 testing blood kit around let me know.only thing of negative note was there was a sticker over the ingredients when i received this. not sure if that was the mfg or amazon's warehouse but considering it covered ingredients, manufacturer, etc i peeled it off. attached pic with and without sticker.under the sticker is that it is formulated in the usa, but nothing to indicate that the formula is actually grown, combined, packaged in the usa. the karamd, inc address corresponds to a commercial office space in cleveland but there are no clear markings from street view.i checked out karamd on the bbb as i like to know who is producing things i am about to ingest, seems like a fairly low rating generally involving sales tax issues, some supplements that did not work, couple of complaints but resolved. bbb will always have low marks as a note, nobody thinks "let us go there and rate this random company highly!" all but one show a response, which is a good thing. appears you will get a response if it does not work. they have been around and are responding in, at least publicly a positive fashion.i should note i am pretty sure 10 days ago the description claimed it was 5,000iu in the description text, 10,000 in the header, and 10,000 on the product i ended up receiving. what i am reviewing says 10,000 for one pill.
exactly what i wanted!
it has an small buckle that sit in your ear when you sleep in your side.
these are great for overnight wear, but the thigh band rolls down during the night and can get uncomfortable.
impossible to use. the area for the battery is blocked. impossible to remove. waste of money.
this is like protein isolates on steroids. extra healthy. extra protein for muscle fuel.. plus, joint support and soft tissueall in a great taste mix.trust you found this review honest and helpful
this mct oil comes in a fancy wine bottle and it is packaged like a fancy wine bottle. it has a slight taste of coconut oil, versus other mct oils that have no detectable taste.you are paying a premium for the presentation of this oil, not for the quality of the oil. the bottle looks fancy and like a premium product, if that is the look you are going for. maybe you are buying this for a bar or restaurant where the appearance matters. for the oil to be the highest quality, it would be better if this was 100 c8 oil. other brands try to stand out by selling organic mct oil.i drink mct oil daily in coffee, and i have tried many of the brands. another brand i have in my kitchen is the inexpensive horbaach mct oil that costs 0.15  fl oz. this genesis mct oil has the same ratio of oils and costs 1.48  fl oz. premium 100 c8 mct oil is cheaper than genesis mct oil.many mct oil bottles suffer from a pouring problem and drips. this bottle pours like a wine bottle, which is fine, and it has the problem with the last oil drip running down the side, like many other bottles. i keep my bottles on a paper towel.this mct oil is sold in clear glass, versus nearly every other mct bottle being sold. i am unaware of any issue with mct oil degrading if exposed to light, but it is something to take note of. many places caution to keep oils out of sunlight. the now brand sells their mct oil in dark brown glass.the bottle says high octane on it, which is silly marketing. they are likely trying to play off the pioneer in the field of mct oils, bulletproof brain octane c8 mct oil, which is higher quality and less expensive than this oil. octane, the hydrocarbon, has a c8 molecule in it, which corresponds to the 100 c8 oil in the clever marketing of that competing product.
fit perfectly in my ears and i got the best night sleep as i did not have to listening to my husbands loud snoring!!! have not gotten to use the other ear plugs in the set yet but i am sure they are just as great  thumbs up ear joy
you will need to buy a rubber insert or gaskit because it does not fit any scooter post no matter how much you tighten it, its too big. i had two different scooter brands and birthed fit it without the rubber gasket i bought at a hardware store. so your basket twirls and eventually starts to scoot down on your scooter. otherwise i love it. i cannot carry my cell, purse, tv clicker anything!!
very strong massage gadget. does not replace a great hands on massage but it does what it says it can do knead muscles.
could not wait to apply this oil to my face and body.  my skin felt so smooth like it use to and the itching stopped to.  added a dropper to my bath wash, it was heavenly showering.  added a dropper to my shampoo and for once my scalp was not itchy.  added a dropper to my body lotion.  finally i feel like i can live in my own skin like i use to.  it did not make the eczema go away but it soothed the itching.  this oil is a god send.
i do not have any kind of beard it is painful to use, when i tried to shave my neck, it was pulling my hair out rather than cutting.
this is not a lifesaving tourniquet. it should not be used in a reallife trauma situation. the materials and construction are woefully subpar. parts of it started to break immediately. it looks like many wellknown tourniquets, but it is not onpar with the real thing.that said, it is inexpensive and mimics the cattype ones close enough for training purposes. i used it at a class this past weekend and was pleased that i did not need to put my real medical gear through adverse use conditions. a box of these would be fine for something like a stop the bleed course if budget is a concern.again, this is not a lifesaving tourniquet. training use only.
will buy these again and again.
though these gauze packs are nonsterile and a bit thin, they are still a decent deal at this price point for backup use emergencies, disasters. i would not use them in my main first aid kit for my home or car, but for my backup kits and emergency bugout bags i am okay with taking the chance on nonsterile gauze.
i typically drive 1015 hours a day for work. i bought this cushion to help with the pains i was experiencing as a result of my work. not only did this cushion do nothing to ease my discomfort, but it actually increased my discomfort into pain.before using this cushion, i took 5 minute stretch breaks every 34 hours and i worked 1215 hours. after using the cushion, i had to take a stretch break every hour and i could only sit for 810 hours of work a day.seriously, i am super disappointed in this cushion. if i could give negative stars, i would. i contacted the company to let them know that i was displeased with this product, but they would not refund me. now i am stuck with this overpriced, lintmagnet gel square that is good for nothing.
i have been washing dishes a lot, since the dishwasher was not doing its job!!  but,  i believe i got the medium size,  and they fit good, but not tight.  i have small hands,  and the medium is not tight,  and not loose.  i can take them off easily and put them on easier.washing dishes is tough for rubber gloves!  knives and forks often make holes.  and,  these gloves are still going for me.  i like them.  they last long,  and no holes after many uses.  i have several pairs of these for the bathroom and kitchen!  strong gloves,  last long!
the grapefruit scent is nothing like the description  just smells like cleaner.
the cutting head broke where the hinge joins the base.
i seem to have a problem with fatigue.  i am older and i can be sitting for an hour and start yawning to the point i nearly fall asleep.  i can get up and move around a little which does wake me up for a few minutes, but if i sit back down the yawning starts again.  i have taken these drops for three days now and have not had the yawningsleepy problems like before.  not sure if i "use up" b vitamins more quickly or what, but a couple of squirts of this raspberry flavored liquid and i am good for several hours!  it is a bit sweet, but considering i am only taking a little and the flavor disappears fairly quickly, i am okay with it.  if you suffer from fatigue, these drops may help you, too  they sure are working for me!
following the directions it was easy to apply and seal up my new granite vanity top was easy !
i do not really know how to review a probiotic. however i will say i was on antibiotics for a bit, and it tore my digestional tract up, and these help get my body back on a 34;normal schedule34;
amazing...love these. thank you.
i can not describe the immense pain i am in after using this contraption, it seems to have all great reviews but i am here to tell you i can barely sit much less stand after using this.
by far the best supplement i have ever used. vegan or not this provides so much energy, helps get your appetite down, and just makes you feel great...and tastes amazing too!
it was the business lol no but really it was very easy to use and comfortable.
i really like these wash cloths. whenever my aide does not come to give me a shower, i use these and they are wonderful. they have a nice smell to them and they warm up nicely.
skeptical buyer but went for it after watching you tube videos on how incredibly clean this product transforms your mildewmoldydirty vinyl siding and decking to like new condition. we were amazed. our ups driver delivered an amazon box to us and we showed him how clean this makes the vinyl siding. he could not believe it either. in fact, he took a snapshot of this product and repeatedly thanked us for showing him as he does not have the time to climb ladders to clean his house. we purchased this product's pump sprayer too; the sprayer reached the highest pitch approx. 25' of our garage so we did not need to climb a ladder to apply it either. amazing product; will use every year for certain!
good product
this product is okay.  the steam is nice, but i think i was hoping for more straightening power.  i must be used to the flat iron.  this is not it.  however, it does do what it says it will do.  maybe my issue was user error...?
hubby suffers with pain in the back and legs.  he has just started using this.  according to information we looked into, it takes weeks and perhaps months for significant relief, but he thinks there has already been some relief. the directions are easy to follow.  we are looking forward to the increased results with continued use.
description says 4pairs, but only 4pcs 2pairs in package, feel cheated,returned. and found 4pairs with the similar price from other seller.
it is what is ya know i do not really care for it ...small can
i love what evridwear has done here!  3 pouf balls, each with a different exfoliating level white light, blue moderate, dark blue heavy.  you get to try each pouf  all and choose your favorite. ! i love the white pouf, my husband likes the dark blue.  the variety is not the only awesome detail.  these poufs are very well  made. they are incredibly  strong and durable, with  tight bonding that ensures the pouf will not quickly stretch out or fall apart.  each does a great job washing exfoliating skin all skin types!  and produce a nice lather with soap or body wash.  i have terribly dry, sensitive skin and these poufs do not irritate or scratch my skin in any way.  all 3 are comfortable to use.  they even have small rope so the pouf can be hung up when not in use. the colors are nice as well.  i love the plastic zipper bag the poufs come in.  it serves as an excellent storage bag to hold the poufs until they are used. i was seriously shocked at the price. for as high quality and well made as these poufs are, i would have expected them to cost far more!  there is a pouf for everyone is preference. i just love that evridwear thought to do the 3 different levels. what a fantastic idea !  evridwear even offers a 60 day quality guarantee. your skin is going to look and feel great  thanks to these poufs! definitely recommended!
i like it but too long squeeze pump inflate.  i had injury my neck and spine. i feel like support sort of some my neck helps inflate.
boring. no color to know what you are having and flavor is weak. would not recommend.
these are basically candy... with a small amount of elderberry and vitamin c. the dosage of elderberry is quite low and they are pretty much straight sugar. they also do not look anything like the picture and are coated in sugar. they definitely are delicious, but if you want something with a higher amount of elderberry and lower amount of sugar i would probably get something else.
smells so clean. not a strong smell.  i will buy more of this. i love it.
mounted into waterpik base perfectly. only quibble is a slow drip where hose goes into handle for a short time after use. reviews show it is a common complaint.
great buy!!!! i would recommend seller ant time.thanks.
finally, something that does exactly what you would hoped it would. 20 min use after 10 years neglect and all the calluses are gone. no more useless pedicures with some tiny girl using an emory board just that just smooths my 1234; thick calluses. this thing is easy, gentle and amazing!!!
i needed a new small travel jewlery keeper and this works well and fits the stuff i bring on vacation. i like the compartments and the quilted zipper case. good purchase and the price was good too.
this is a great way to boost your immunity add a little into your foods for both health benefits and flavor! i love the convenience. i usually prefer using fresh foods, but when something like red reishi mushrooms are hard to find in my area, this is the secondbest way to go!
this oil has the classic sandalwood fragrance. kind of woody, with a powder and incense base note.it seems to be one of those things that you really like it or you do not.it is a wonderful addition to homemade soaps, especially for gentlemen.
i will pass this on to my friends and family.
worked well to keep my jewelry together while traveling.
very pleased. seems to me to be the real deal. used it for years a long time ago. there was a little mix up on my order and they took care of it, so i would buy from this source again.
the best beard trimmer i have ever owned.  long battery life! easy to change and control trimmer depth.
the selfie stick is easy to use and easy to hold.  i love that it has the bluetooth remote.  so much easier than setting the timer for selfies. it extends to a good length and the tripod is a great bonus!  love everything about it!
the good.i absolutely loved this thing until it came apart.it was easy to install and adjust to my 2004 colorado taking only about 10 minutes. with a wrench, ratchet and socket sitting at the car door in my wheelchair. it could have been done with two pair of pliers though. once adjusted it simply lifts out of place when someone else needs to drive the vehicle and is easily returned to position when i am ready to drive again.it was only a short learning curve until i was completely comfortable driving with it.it was the only left foot gas pedal accessory that i found that did not have to be bolted to the floor.the bad.after only two months the glue that held the plastic base that has the spikes that hold it secure in place by engaging the vehicles carpet, completely let go as shown in the pics. i would return it but for two reasons, i do not want to be without it and i am afraid that the glue on the new one will give out in two more months.this is a potentially dangerous problem and you should be watching for it if you already have one or intend to buy one.conclusion.i am not saying that you should not buy one but you should be aware of this fatal flaw and be aware that you may have to reglue it. furthermore, for 300, there should be some thought at the manufacturers level as to how to fix this serious problem.
container  stiff, pretty, fits in car cup holder, no lid so after use you just have a tall cylinder with a hole on top.tissue rougher than kleenex, softer than hospitalhotel tissue. works for wiping nose, but rough cold or touch up on makeup.... no. also smaller than kleenex comparison in picture. so softer prettier hospital tissue. also because it is rough and stuffed so tight it is really difficult to pull only one out. i ended up pulling out a lot and tear all of them. very frustrating.overpriced. for the quality these should not be more than ten in my opinion....
at first i loved it because i could breathe more easily but after a while it did not feel that comfortable  kind of pressed against my nose, not painfully, but  i was just aware of some pressure.  also when i took off the mask i had to find a place to put the shield, it  would not stay inside the mask so there were now 2 things to keep track of.  i am on the fence about this  it does keep the mask cleaner, no lipstick stains, and it does allow you to breathe but i felt i had to keep adjusting it to try and make it pleasanter to wear.  tried it upside down and right side up but it always seemed to press against my nose .  it fit nicely inside most masks  both homemade and  disposable ones.  i will be so happy when we do not have to wear masks any more.  it is hard for me to hear at the best of times and the mask straps get caught on my hearing aids and sometimes pull them out of my ears .... but i digress.
it says its not waterproof, but i use this in the shower all the time and it still works great! i have seen my acne significantly decrease since using this brush. i love love love it! and the price is just the icing on the cake!!
quitting smoking is probably one of the hardest habits to break. any help you can get is great. this system kind of combines rewards and therapy. the sensor helps you track your levels so you get positive reinforcement when you smoke less. there is also access to an interactive community to share the journey with others. it is okay to get help when you need it. it does not make you weak, it makes you smart. good luck!!!thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  i hope the information that i have provided helps make your decision a little easier.
does the job accordingly
its antifungal and helps itching  crawling
bit big and bulky for smaller people but is sturdy and cushioned.
this is one of the nicer sets, having had one in the past that was chipped and cracked when brand new, and another that literally fell apart after the second use.the stones are nicely polished, and rollslide over skin easily. so relaxing, although if you are looking for this to remove wrinkles, prepare to be disappointed. puffiness yes, wrinkles,no.boxed nicely to make for a thoughtful gift.
simply did nothing for me!!
the sponge heads come off almost right away. they are not glued to the plastic well at all.  you go through 5 heads when you normally would go through one.
excellent toner, though i did not recognize that what i am buying is a toner when i add it to my cart; i thought it is a facial wash, i do not know i just did not concentrate well. but i am still satisfied. the toner is wonderful, it gave my skin that fresh glowing clean feeling and look, its perfect to wipe your clean face using it before makeup too i did not breakout afterward. the seller sent me  collagen wash gel as a sample and i was impressed with the result too, i am going to buy it for sure. deserve the 5 stars. thank you
absolutely love these!our whole family are doctor who fans, but i got these dalek socks for my daughter for back to school.she was so thrilled with them! in vibrant blue and orange, with one pair in a nice grey shade, they will work with a variety of outfits.they hit just over the heel, and the socks are soft and comfy. my daughter wore them and loved the fit and feel, as well as decoration on them!any doctor who fan will love them!provided for my opinion and review
my husband says these are his most comfortable socks. they are thick like boot socks, and stretchy and nonbinding. they do not leave dents in his calves and they stay up.
i bought to replace a broken chain. very good for the price.
found ourselves babysitting a mature cat which had to stay in our tiny bedbath combo.  no matter how frequently i scooped the litter it was bound to accumulate odors, esp,..."smelly cat, what are they feeding you?" remember pheobe's song on the tv show friends? the litter box was against the wall right in front of where you sit on the toilet.  yikes.  we keep this deordorizer plugged in.  it is all but silent, but you can hear it circulating the air.  i am here to tell you, i always know when someone has forgotten to plug it back in when they have used the socket this occupies.  it makes a huge difference to our nose.  to us, that means that it is not only working on germs that hit the nose, but also those lurking around which we want nothing to do with!  germs from potential moldmildew, any escaping septic gases, germs from morning sneezes and so on. if you have a semitighter area where you want to have the air cleaned and smell better, this is worth a try. it is assuring to know this technology is working for you.
this oil has a mild scent to it. it is what i think of as a classic baby smell. i think it is lovely.i do not really use baby oil for my skinother than for insect repellant, since i do not care for the oiliness it leaves behind, but i like to have it around. it is handy! it is a main ingredient for many "doughssandsslimes", which my childrenand myself like to play with. the scent of it is relaxing. it is also great at removing sticky things, like gum and stickers, and for removing paint from brushes and hands.
this thing is amazing. i do not know what i was doing with my life before it came along! i use it for my shoulders and my neck mostly, but it also wraps around my waist and doubles as periodpain relief when needed!
cute bag. barely zips up and not that strong, so i will use only occasionally. good for the price. jars as described. fast delivery
yecch, do not like this one, seems pure enough but leaves a bitter, bitter taste for me.
i have used heel tastic for over 3 years and it keeps my heels and toes from cracking.  you have to make sure it is heel tastic that you order.  i ordered one that i thought was heel tastic and it was useless.
the parts fit together well but the squeegee is too flimsy and too narrow if you put even a bit too much pressure, it is almost to the metal.  squeegee does not work very well.  not worth the hassle of returning but would not buy again or recommend.although you can take it apart to make it shorter, a full telescoping of all parts would be more convenient also
if you want to buy the best carlons has been in the fish oil business ages before the fad began.
the easiest opener i have ever used.  it takes much less hand strength than others of its kind.
i sent them back
no product can work perfectly for everyone, but this has been great for me. i have always carried my tension in my neck and shoulders and then i hurt my neck about three years ago. snce then, i have woken up with a crick in my neck that will not go away for a week or two about once every 4 to 6 weeks, sometimes more often. sometimes it even happens if i just move the wrong way  throughout the day.i began to use this device about a week ago and it loosened my neck right up in about two days. i am trying to get in the habit of using it almost every night for 10 to 15 minutes before i go to sleep, and my neck feels freer, more relaxed, and more mobile than it has felt in a few years.
these are inexpensive and a decent value for product. you get exactly what you pay for and what you expect.
really good quality, arrived in perfect shape, loved each and every scent in this box! highly recommend.
these taste great and make us feel wonderful!  you can feel a difference.
these clippers clip nail very quickly and efficiently with leaving any jagged edges.  i still have to smooth the edges down some but i do that with all my nail clippers, not just these.  these come in a nice tin to store them in.
after i figured out how to take out the center shaving head, it became a 5 star.
i have the month disposable contacts but i am meticulous about cleaning them.  i feel by using this at least once a week along with regular multipurpose solutions in my storage case i can at the very least double the time i wear my lens before disposal.  there is no material difference between regular lenses and those that are disposable, it is just the kind of care you give them.
these did not help me find the pet urine. maybe my color blindness is the problem.  the kids love them to play with. my uv lamp helped me much more.
they are life savers for my feet
my wife likes the color, fits and stays in place..
this is great but i suggest getting on and off a few times and take the average.. also check where it is in the beginning to make sure it is at 0. it is nice for a cheap scale.
it is alright.
i wish i had known about this product sooner...i already supplement with flaxseed oil for my rosacea, use ecological formula's trisalts daily... and now this has nearly relieved my nervevein damage pain from blood clots in legfoot ...instantly. i can live better as a 20something ... thank you so much environmedica!
this fish oil has a very pleasant taste, so it is easy to take.
i cannot sleep without eye pads every night.these are hands  down my favorite and now the only ones i will wear. they are adjustable and so comfortable.
as expected. tastes good.
helped greatly. he refuses to get a hearing aid but this has enabled us to quit screaming all the time. i can also have the tv at an acceptable level before i go deaf.
very heavy and thick thank you bags. they have crisp, clean folds and a reinforced bottom. i am confused as to why the handles are not put in for you. the handles are almost like a grosgrain ribbon. they have plastic at the tip. you will need to push the tip thru both holes then cross your fingers that they hold up after something heavy is in bag. though it seems like plastic tip is enough for them not to slip thru.
bristles are not sturdy enough to brush teeth and the bamboo feels like its going to give me a splinter... waste of money
these are the very best! love the packaging too. but, way too overpriced on amazon. these are whole foods' brand and cost a 3rd in store of what is priced here!
i am really enjoying the bottles i recd. will probably order more soon
i have been using this for years now if i switch it to something else my teeth becomes sensitive.
cleans very well and does not leave a sticky residue. i ordered the rose scent and it is lovely  not too powdery or musky. the company also followed up with instructions on how to use the spray. will definitely repurchase and recommend this product.
great around the house!!!
i will be buying these again!
i had high hopes but really unimpressed with this product. i feel i get a better effect with dollar store triple antiobiotic ointment.
my husband likes these they run wider and feel more comfortable
not good at all,tasteless,like i am eating cardnoard. will never order this product ever again!!
broke at the seam completely while putting it on once. also, the 34;heavy duty34; velcro flaps to hold the oring cracked. all this within 2 months. very disappointed, especially since i bought it at a store and paid way too much for it. granted, i do not use these things lightly, but it makes it sound like they are for real, hard, heavy use... it is not.stick with the simpler harnesses. go with what works.
this will help restore your ph and will help get your gut and urinary probiotics and prebiotics in check. this will help keep your vaginal health balanced and help to  prevent bacterial vaginosis. this, in turn, will help reduce yeast by balancing vaginal ph and support overall intimate health by using this probiotic for 714 days. in women, the urinary tract is not really in a good place and we tend to get more infections than men. but this will help keep them at bay.
received my first container on time. however, i am still trying to pick my jaw off the floor after opening it only to find less than a container of powder.  i included some images along with a tape measure to show the depth of the plastic container.the contents is a very fine powder that looks thinner than cacao powder if that helps understand the consistency.it has a sweet yet bitterly aroma to it.since mine is missing the scoop, i used a teaspoon full into my evening coffee.the taste is not overwhelming in my coffee. as i am using unpasteurized honey to sweeten my beverage.i have taken capsules of lions mane the past few months . however, due to a quicker delivery system the powder is supposed to have, i am trying this.maybe my container was  at the end of the line getting a fill up?i will update my review asa i can feel the effects of the powder verses capsules .
does great job of cleaning floors,easy to use...
i love this kit. it comes with a wide variety of file textures. it works great on bare nails and on acrylics. i had never used glass files before, and they worked great  much better than i expected. they are also attractive, which is never a bad thing. grin  i recommend this kit. very nicely put together and everything you need for trimming and filing a variety of nail types.
love my bags now i can tie up my garbage.
these are great for keeping the mask straps from bending your ears.
i used it once, did not seem to do much.
love the size. it can be crammed to the gills with everything a home medical kit could need. its great to have for traveling. in it i have pain and fever reducers, aspirin, acetaminophen, naproxen  sodium, allergy relief, gloves, masks, scissors, band aids, wound patches, laxative pills, gauze rolls, cough and cold syrups, peroxide, antibiotics, antibiotic ointment, antiitch cream, boil ointment, petroleum jelly, rubbing alcohol, cotton balls, antibacterial hand soap, hand sanitizers. i think that covers everything. and there is still a little more room for more soft type products. so, even though when you get it, it might look small, once you fill it up, it makes a super portable and travel ready kit. the price is right and it is made very nice! recommended!
kinesio tape is great for many physical body scenarios.  i have tried other brands which are not as effective as the kinesio tex gold brand. it is very adhesive and generally lasts at least three days. you can shower with it on, swim, sweat, etc. it is also easy to take off and little adhesive is left on your skin. i learned how to apply the tape for my injury from my physical therapist, i recommend talking to them before applying on yourself.
the band is fantastic! the material is a sort of malleable leatheri'm not sure if its real or not but it is strong like real leather.the purchase yields three difference colors brown, black, light brown,all of which come in a small package, wrapped around a piece of sturdy cardboard.all around, super product!disclaimer free for review.
they nice for soap makimg, but when cuttin with a serrated knife, it really is not easy. i found it difficult in cutting the loofah sponge.
my favorite toothpaste.
worked perfect, my stem had a broken screw and this part repair d it like new.
bought to put in a large 3634; across tub; works like a charm.
i did not like this at all.  there was no flavor and only bitter residual at the bottom of the shaker.  yuck !  cost too much for something like that.so i sent it back.
my grandkids enjoyed this probiotic. i tried one and its has a very sweet fruit punch flavor that seems similar in texture and sweetness to a pixie stick.
this did a good job with my hair. it worked as it was supposed to. it seemed like it was good quality. my hair came out looking nice after i used it. it also seemed durable. it was easy to hold and handle. i was pleased and would recommend it.
this is very moisturizing and protective with hardly any scent  which is perfect for me. will buy again as needed.
when i first got this, i expected it to be brown like other products from these sources.how this comesthis comes in a large plastic bottle.  there is a seal on top that needs to be removed.what is this like?instead of brown like other products made from these sources, this is clear.  there is no flavor or scent.  shaking it up does not seem to change that.flavor?no flavor.how to takei take a teaspoon of this once a day in the morning in a small cup of water.does it do anything?i seem to see a bit of support in energy, sleep, and overall.  i am taking this in the dead of winter where it has been near zero for almost a month straight.  i am usually dragging and very tired and worn during this period.  i have been taking this along with a few supplements and i am doing remarkably well.the bottom linethis supplement seems to be supportive through a very difficult cold and dry winter.  i am usually tired, but taking this, i am not.my ratingfive stars.  this seems to be working for me.  i am not sure why there is no flavor or color, but it is helping somewhat so i will finish the bottle.
i bought this directly from the manufacturer. i must say, for the price, it was not at all worth it. yes, it is a cushion, but it is a 60 cushion? 34;best in the world34; ? no. my cushion moves around on my chair all day long, and i usually find myself doing the 34;one cheek lean34;. my computer chair is already cushioned so i went with this cheaper, thinner version if i had paid 100 for this, boy would i be disappointed. by the end of the day, there really is no difference, i feel like i have turned or re positioned as many times as i normally would. at first i felt like i would need to get used to the new cushion but after 34 weeks or so, it is still uncomfortable. the company reached out to me for my review, i gave the same review i did here, but have not heard back. return policy is... meh... funny because i live in utah and they are manufactured here in utah.
good, saw results in about a week
they can be used vertically or horizontally. great for christmas cards.
cap leaks.hate the taste. i hope it us as good as you say.
could not take this not sure why but did not agree wme
plates and napkins are nice, thick, and high quality. kids liked them too. we had a small party for our kiddo and they were the perfect number for the kids attending in a package of 8 of each item. received quickly and in perfect condition.
i used this straightner for my 5 year old hair. she has been suffering from lice for about a month now. i heard heat killed them, however she has beautiful wavy hair and i did not want to damage it. this product is both gentle and effective. the brush combined with the heat gives a smooth look. i used this combined with a lice comb and i got rid of alot of them. i would not recommend to replace your hair straighter. i would use it after straightening to create a soft look
perfect fragrance for my kitchen.  quality product that lasts and does not clog my diffuser.
with the fastening at the front, this wrap is uncomfortable. it is difficult to line up the velcro so perfectly that you do not get scratched.but with the wrap at the back, it is fine. works very well for what i wanted. it is soft and seems to be a nice quality.
this does not foam up and works well for cleaning carpets.  i like that there are no harsh chemicals, but more so...i am glad it cleans.  it did a great job on my carpets and i will begin trying it on more things as well!
tire broke while installing. requested replacement or refund and was told i could only get 11 and would have to return and pay for shipping and handling. damaged goods, poor customer service and still cannot use my wheelchair with no tires.
been using for almost two weeks now and so far i love it. love that they are individually wrapped. will continue to keep using!
i have taken 2 pills in one day and felt no energy or boost. i will continue to take since i purchased them, however i hope when it is in my system it will do more than this first day.
good protection
lid can half broken, then completely disconnected within a week.  did not talk to seller.  thought it would be better quality.
good product works
my joints are slightly better with this supplement.
i did not try these yet but so far i am impressed with the product.i actually bought them for my mother in law for christmas. she likes her air fresheners so i thought she would like this as a gift. plus they will probably save her money and reduce waste.they are prettier than the plastic ones, bigger than expected, and they also seem durable, and heavy!i will update after she uses them. but i really think she will like these!
great pre and post workout mix. yes, it has aspartane but then again, the last thing i want in my diet is more sugar. i thought the taste was a little sweet, so i did dilute this more than the recommended mixture you will probably need to do the same depending on your taste. high in electrolytes and protein, this is great for my florida workouts with the heat and humidity and i lose more water sweating than in probably any other area of the country. i was previously a gatorade drinker, but i honestly prefer this science in sport and will be buying more.
these work great!  i am allergic to many of the dryer sheets and these do not because me any problems.
very nice and comfortable mask
"easy to use", "easy to remove" and "adhesion"  removal of pet hair
these are ok. did not provide a ton of warmth but are comfortable.
as a husband who recently picked up the heated sleep eye mask by carefor for my wife, i am happy to say that she absolutely loves it! this eye mask has been a gamechanger for her nighttime routine, as it quickly heats up and stays warm for a long time, providing her with the perfect amount of relaxation and comfort.one of the things that stands out about this eye mask is its 3d ergonomic design. it perfectly contours to her face, blocking out all light and allowing her to completely relax. the graphene material used in the mask is topquality, ensuring that the heat is evenly distributed and that she remains comfortable throughout the night.the magnet suction wire is also a great feature, as it keeps the mask securely in place without any discomfort or slipping. my wife also loves how breathable and soft the mask is, which helps prevent any irritation or sweating around the eyes.overall, the heated sleep eye mask by carefor is a musthave for anyone who struggles with migraines, dry eyes, or just wants a more relaxing and comfortable sleep. it is also perfect for nap time or travel, making it a versatile and useful addition to any routine. highly recommended!
i have never used anything like this before, so my dissatisfaction may simply be user error. i will try it again and update if i get it to work well, but they say to only use it twice a week for no more than 5 minutes, so it may take weeks to figure out what works. i got this when i had a blackhead that is not on my face only to learn that this is only supposed to be used on the face on skin that is not thin. so i decided to try it on my nose and around my mouth, where it tends to get greasy and clogged. though my skin was left red with increased circulation, i did not see any pus in the chamber.there are five suction heads to choose from, and the directions detail why you would choose one over the other. they also describe how to use the different heads most effectively. the heads are easy to snap on and pull off. they included several sponges that you put between the section head and the vacuum to catch any pus, and these sponges are washable and reusable. to clean after use, you remove the head and the sponge and clean them.i got a washcloth steaming with hot water and held it over my chin to nose like they suggested to help enlarged pores. i then dried off the area as they do not want any water suctioned into the machine and immediately started using the machine on the preset vacuum level. i thought it was level 3, but it turns out it was only level 2 out of 5. still, this seem pretty strong to me. you run the vacuum head over the area, lift, and repeat for 1 to 2 minutes. the head also has tiny led red and blue lights that shine at your face while you are doing this.you longpress the power button to turn the power on and off, but shortpress it to change between blackhead vacuum mode, cold compress mode, and hot compress mode. there is also a button to change the vacuum speed. the cold compress reaches its coolest temperature 20c68f very quickly, and you are supposed to use this on an area that has just been vacuumed to help close the pores. i feels pleasantly cool. the hot compress is supposed to reach a temperature between 38c and 42c or 100.4f to 107.6f. it got up to 31c then started dropping, then it turned off automatically. this was not warm enough to do anything but feel pleasantly warm. i do not see how it could help open pores when hot steam did not noticeably work.
the best part of this sound machine is that an alexatype voice speaks to you as you set the timer "15 minutes." press button. "30 minutes." "60 minutes" etc. it has a soft foreign accent that i cannot place but it is cute. most sound machines do not have a human voice saying anything. i guess it is needed because there are no light buttons to tell you which setting you are choosing.except for this, i felt this device feels cheaply made. the casing feels cheap hard, brittle plastic and the buttons on the interface are not sensitive to touch. you have to press really hard sometimes to get it to change settings. the volume control is also confusing  there are actually two volume controls  one to raise the volume, one to lower. i was pressing one volume control the loud one thinking that i could lower it but i was mistaken  you have to press the "low volume" button.on the positive side, the night light works well  the colors are neon bright and you can keep a steady color going all night long or cycle through the different colors. the timer like i said has a human voice, which is kind of cool. the weak parts are the button responsiveness and some of the sounds. the lullaby function is good and the sound is sharp and clear. the nature sounds are relatively good  the best are the chirping bird sounds and thunderstorm but the "water" sounds i.e., ocean, babbling brook sound muffled and are not particularly sharp. the "white noise" is also kind of indistinct and the "fetal heartbeat" sound is just plain crude  not so much a heartbeat but like someone else noted, it is like banging drums.so...it is a serviceable device but i would not pay too much for this. there are so many better ones out there.
i ordered this shaver for my husband to try, and we have had nothing but problems with it. it was not charged at all upon receiving it, it was completely dead.  we put it on the charger for several hours as the manual recommended and it worked.while charging there is a red light next to where the cable plugs in, and the light stays lit all the time  even after the shaver is charged. so you never knew if the battery if fully charged and whether or not it will overheat.the shaver manual is not much help and in fact makes this product more confusing. the printed manual and writing on the shaver box have conflicting charging instructions. the manual says to charge up to 8 hours and advises no longer.  the box says 1 hour for 60 minutes of shaving. this is kind of confusing because my husband was never able to get 60 minutes of use after charging.  he was only able to get 2 shaves each at about 7 minutes before the battery went dead and had to be recharged.so.... my husband will not be using this shaver since the battery keeps going dead. and the rotary blades are weakening from pressing the shaver against his face.  this shaver is a nogo.
as a true nerd, i really enjoy the packaging that looks like a beaker. it gives you the instant impression that what is inside is very effective. the toner addresses several issues with one easy treatment. it calms irritation, balances oil production, smoothes texture and brightens skin tone. it kind of straddles the line between toner and essence because it also moisturizes. it is ideal for oily and acneprone skin. use twice daily for maximum effects. i highly recommend it.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
the small roller handle came apart withing 2 seconds and would not stay put.  the larger roller handle is very thin and will bend when using it.  i was gentle with the rollers, but these are no good.  returning.
poor construction!  i have 3 other grabbers different makes and this is the first one i shall call crap.not sturdy.  the  fold in center of length,  does not hold well;  let us it weave  wobble.  too much trouble to return.grabbers are required in my life since spinal  fusion from t4 neck  to pelvis.
item was opened and looks to have had something stuck in there. will not use. waste of money.
i think this is a very good d3k2 supplement. it seems to be very reasonably priced as of this review a bottle of 60 veggie caps costs 16.19 giving you a 3 month supply. one capsule delivers 125 mcg of d3 and 100 mcg  of vitamin k2. 210 mg calcium is also included which is only 16 dv. i take at least 5000 iu of d3 each day and usually more since it is such a powerful antiviral and is so good for brain health. and in combination with k2, needed calcium is stored in bones and being 63, i do not want to get soft or brittle bones as i age. i think this is a very good supplement.
you know, i did not expect miracles, but this is way better than the big orange things i used to get at walgreens.  i wore them to see flaming lips at bill graham in sf on halloween.  at first i though they did not do much, but my ears were not ringing after the show, so they must have done something.  my major complaint? they are hard to hold onto, which means they are easy to drop and lose forever in a crowded show.  the canister is nice.
no good sharpness
been using a berger lamp since 1989 and love them.. beautiful scents. beautiful containers lampes..
bought this for my grandpa for father's day and he will not stop talking about how much he loves it!  we tested it out before delivering it to him, just so we were familiar with how it works in case he calls us with questions later.we were surprised that it came full charged. we thought it was pretty cool that the led on the front actually displays how much power is left; in our case is clearly said "100."the bag it comes in is convenient and nice, but i doubt he will need it much. since my grandpa's dexterity is limited, we appreciated how easy it is to plug in to charge!  we also appreciate that it comes with another set of blades.i will be happy to update how well it holds up after my grandpa abuses this one over next three months.
study, perfect for any first aid kit
i think i can see a difference but maybe i do not see a great difference. i am only using it now because i paid for it and do not want wasted money.  guess my morning routine is busy enough
the numbers were not complete. very hard to read display. i sent it back.
great for sever's disease . my son said are very comfortable and are helping a lot with the pain.
these sheets surpass any sheets we have ever bought in the ten years we have been married. my husband is extremely picky and vocal about each set of sheets we have tried from walmart, target, and lots of brands from tj maxx. they are very soft! the wrinkle resistant factor is nice too! they fit our pillow top mattress with a little extra room.
perfect for putting brother tze tapes in.
these masks are comfortable to wear. the material is soft and slightly stretchy. these do not have filter pockets, nose bridge wires, or adjustable ear straps. i like the polka dot prints!
oddly, stevia is not listed as one of the ingredients! the ingredients listed are maltodextrin and silica  that is it! the product is sweet however, and performs as i expected. other on products i have used contained the full list of ingredients...this must be a labeling error.
this is exactly what i was looking for.  easy to use right out of the box, comfortable to hold.
best product for stage ii pressure ulcers and moisture related skin breakdown incontinence related dermatitis. would not use as a barrier on intact skin ad or zn based product better if skin intact. as a wound certified nurse, this is one of my favorite treatments.......because it works. this particular product is the medline version of lantiseptic
the extended length of this shoe horn alleviated back pain my mother was experiencing  using a shorter handled shoe horn.  great length for anyone with back issues or inability to be as flexible as they used to be.
this is a super compact little light that i about blinded myself with when i was learning to use the controls lol. i absolutely love the size of this, it can fit on even the smallest, most cluttered of desks, as it is just a flat screen with a removablerepositionable kickstand. nice long cord, easy to understand and control. the light temperatures were one of the selling points for me as i despise white light, and this does not disappoint. it is warm light is perfect, and has different brightness levels. the timer is also quite nice. i will be ordering at least 1 more for my adult son. well worth the price, having this in front of me, i would pay much more.
i have an old paint gun and these are getting hard to find.
read reviews on this for 1 week on youtube and when i tell you....my stools are great. no issues. no stomach issues makes you feel great. this product is also good for people who might have hpv. just fyi. it helps clears it.
obviously you get what you pay for. came in a timely manner but i put the batteries in the tool and switched it off. it did not go off it just kept spinning. i had to take the batteries out of it to stop it. i only used it once and it never worked for me again
do the job
fit my z2 travel cpap perfectly.  admittedly i was using it in a more tropical climate, so i cannot attest to how well it works in a drier area, but it seemed to help with dryness that i have experienced without it.
wet charcoal goes everywhere, so beware! and, it takes a lot to get it out of your teeth and gums. even after brushing with toothpaste i had to floss twice. have only used once so no results yet, but so far i am not impressed.
helpful supplement that i will be adding to my daily regimen. as with all supplements, check with your doctor first. for me, with continued use i see improvements and will continue to take it. it arrived with a quality control seal, and inner protective seal. they seem to help me, i hope they will help you as well.i received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. i am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. my goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that i would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. my remarks are sincere and true. i work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. my goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. my opinions are my own and i thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. it is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. i received no monetary compensation and i am not required to give a good review. just looking at my public profile and you will see i do not hand out many 5 star reviews. they need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price i paid.kindly click 'yes' below if you found my review helpful.
reliable over the years, long lasting, wash cloth of choice. 4 stars.
helps with inflammation
the denture bath is nice but it is too small.
presently, the best on the market, but get the pro formula as it does the job, as i have tried them all.
product is exactly as described.
these are a perfect fit for the scotchbrite dish scrubber and they work much better than the name brand refills!! the quality of the materials seems better, the green scrubbing sponge seems thicker and more durable, and they do not appear to sit and leak soap everywhere like the scotchbrite heads do. i will buy again!
fantastic sponge! durable and great feel to it. the band help keeps your hand in place.
it is really small and hard to apply. i have calluses from crossfit plus my hands rip now and then. this is no different than rubbing coconut oil on your hands.
great buy!
i liked that they are transparent so i can see just how much water is in them. they do not leak and retain heat pretty well. would buy again but they seem well made and i do not expect to have to.
so i have these flats that are just a little too big, my heels always come out everytime i take a step. i put the black pads on first and my heel came out as soon as i took my first step but then did not the rest of the time i walked. they still felt a little loose so i doubled up and this time i put the nude one on over the black incase you would see a gap and i tell you what, they fit perfectly now! i gave 4 stars because i feel if they were a little thicker they would be perfect. it is a great deal and i am so happy i came across these! i definitely recommend them.
this product works pretty good for upper shoulder muscle issues, and it has a nice menthol smell that reminds me of vicks.  this is a cream that absorbs well into the skin, but i do have to use quite a bit so do not expect it to last very long.  having said this, it is priced more reasonably than some of the other pain creams out there and in addition to the topical analgesic also has ingredients such as aloe, arnica, boswelia, bromelain, and msm.  all of these other ingredients have antiinflammatory properties, so overall this product has a good combination of ingredients to combat muscle pain.
cute, lightweight, fits well.
i bought these for a baby shower gift.  they are excellent quality and look exactly like the picture.
wonderfully odoriferous. good value, timely shipping!
i love this product, totally recommend to anyone. will purchase again.
i have tried different electric toothbrushes over the years. it is particularly nice to have one that is so easily portable.  this works almost as well as my sonicare brush, but the added convenience that comes with its size and being able to take it with me is much appreciated.the toothbrush pulses at 30 second intervals and shuts off in 2 minutes.  the toothbrush has 5 different modes and 3 strength options, so the brush adjusts to the strength and power that you need.
i am very happy with my purchase of these hot socks. my feet get cold very easily in the air conditioning   i am not a happy camper with cold feet at all. i have used these during the day while on the computer   just love using them at night going to bed. you just pop them in microwave, slip them on those cold toes   feet. oh my what a warm fuzzy feeling. i cannot wait till winter, my feet will be very happy this year after playing in the snow. i like to apply  lavender or roman chamomile essential oils to my feet also with castor oil ,cover your feet with a plastic bag  then put these socks on. it does double duty for warm,soft  smooth feet  a better nights sleep. i received this product at a discount or for free for giving a review.
great product... good price... love the multipack... will definitely buy again in the future. once you go scrub mommy you will never go back! i also suggest that you purchase the scrub mommydaddy while round holder that you can mount in your kitchen sink the one that is createddistributed by another company.
i suffer from consistently low levels of vitamin b12 due to a pancreatic issue that i have.  i already get monthly shots, but my levels remain low, so i decided to get this liquid version for a quick pick me up outside of my daily vitamins.  i will admit that i noticed a bit of a pick me up from these, when added to my diet.  the raspberry flavor is pretty strong, but i always follow it with a drink of something else that has a strong flavor and it is fine.  i am very happy with this supplement though and will be picking these up again when i run out!
works great!
almost the same, well buy more
this toothpaste worked great, leaving my mouth feeling fresh and clean, and not too dry i tend to have dry mouth. as for the ingredients, they are vegan friendly, and the materials used in the container are ocean safe and recyclable. bonus made in the usa. good toothpaste!
seems to work great. have only had it a month now so i will see how it endures.....
these taste horrible.  they have an oragano flavor that is just gross in a gummy.  they are cubed shaped as well so swallowing them whole is a chore.  i am sure they work well enough, but i just could not get past the flavor.  maybe i got a bad batch or something, but too gross for my tastes.
as advertised
first... i purchased these directly from the manufacturer  thus it does not say 34;verified34; purchase for me.  i went to the manufacturer because i wanted to try a smaller set 1 month set which was not offered on amazon when i purchased it.1.  a 34;one month supply34; is really only a one week supply  the 34;effects34; are supposed to last one month.  misleading to say the least.  should say it is a one week supply.2.  i took pictures that show no difference to my eye.  note  i used exactly as described on instructions.  also... my front, top 4 teeth are 15 year old porcelain overlays.  supposedly this system is safe and effective on dental work as well as natural teeth.  i did not see it.3.  it is messy and a two step process... tube  1 is the a super stain treater and then tube 2 which you apply after using tube 1.  the pic i have included was after tube 2.  note  the tubes themselves were a serious pain... most of the time they were extremely difficult to get open even with 34;careful bending34; per instruction.  i think i had one tube that actually opened without considerable force, which causes the swab to be displaced making it more difficult to apply the treatment.  they also include a tube that you are to use while you are out and about and have eaten or had something to drink that could be potentially staining.  it has a soft brush like tip.4. initially the solution did not really effect me one way or the other, however by the end of the 7 days my gums were very sensitive.  i have a sonic toothbrush with an all purpose name brand toothpaste and brushed my teeth prior to each treatment, which i chose to do in the mornings.5.  it is obviously a peroxide formula of some sort.  you can taste it.  with a bit of mint or something mixed in... but there is no hiding the peroxide flavor.6. in the end, photos do not lie.  i do not see any improvement at all.  photo number 1 is before... feb 17... photo number 2 is feb 23.  the rest were photos i would like to see if i were considering a purchase.  hope it helps.in my opinion these are a waste of time and money. i included the photos so you could make your own decision.  i never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful, but honestly, i will not be buying these again either from the manufacturer or from amazon.
while i did not get much from it, the wife loves this product.
this leather cleaner works very well both for shoes and for leather bags.  i tried it on a small spot before using it on the full bag. it was easy to apply as i can control the amount of cleaner. it just requires even application and careful rubbing and it moistens and revitalizes leather.
magnesium is an essential supplement for women.  it makes a noticeable difference in my everyday life in many areas from lessening anxiety to keeping me regular.  i am happy with this purchase because its a good deal for a quality product.  thank you!
i would have to say it is the first time i have reviewed a product works as advertised but still only gets 1 star. the manufacturer does not try to hide the fact that it will keep your bong cleaner, but not clean. honesty is refreshing.however, i have a triple honeycomb disk ice bong and rezblock seems to create a film of its own above the uppermost disk where it only receives liquid during a hit. when not being hit for a while, that section sits and dries, leaving a pink tinge to the resin buildup in that area. being that it is an ice bong, i cannot access that area from above to clean it separately. to be honest, it is pricey considering i still have to break out the rezcaps, pickling salt, and isopropyl every three days anyway.no one shows off a new, state of the art bong that is nearly clean.
i love sweetsation therapy products and this one is no exception! usually, i order directly from their site, but this go it was cheaper on amazon. go figure? i purchased this after trying the honest brand sunscreen, which i bought from costco. that was 34;honestly34; the worst sunscreen i have ever purchased. it was so greasy and oily and never absorbed in their skin. they were walking oil slicks for the day, and even with it slathered on, they still got sunburned. not good!! needless to say, i returned that product, and do not recommend it at all. horrible! so, in my quest to find a new sunscreen, i decided to bite the price bullet and purchase this sunscreen from sweetsation therapy. i am sooo happy i did. it is a wonderful sunscreen, not greasy or oily at all. more like a cream that goes on and absorbs wonderfully. it also is great at protecting them from the sun, especially now that summer has arrived. no burns yet. very happy with this purchase. i will be buying again. oh, and it does not because any allergy issues with either children, especially my daughter who has very sensitiveallergyhive prone skin issues. and, it smells like chocolate. how can you beat that! a little bit goes a long way, so the heftier price tag is worth the money, in my opinion.
great little roller balls, and i love the color.
sorry but not the best cleaner. leaves mat with a film that i cannot get rid of without running a hose on my mat or putting it in the shower. does not work as advertised. seems to be a little t of false advertising these days on amazon.
i love how they feel and help my persistent dry and splitting heels, however, i am reacting with a rash to the silicone against my skin so i have turned the socks inside out to wear them and put my regular sock over the top so i can slip into my shoes easier and keep my feet warm in these winter months.
i like the taste of this one. i like the clove and mint taste. and it really cleans your teeth well.
this was an unexpected little surprise.  i will admit upfront, i purchased this free to review it.i do not end up purchasing everything i am offered, i do not believe in purchasing things, or taking things i will not use.  this, however, was intriguing to me.  i have long hair that is past my waist and i already use hair straighteners and curling wands.  i am 43 and with long hair, one must be careful to not fall into the category of having old lady hair that should not be long.  i love my hair and love good hair styling products and hair products in general.the brush registers in celsius, but the instructions tell you what settings to use, so, getting past the learning curve, it is easy.  the thing can get hot!  and i would not just set it on the counter.  the back of it gets very hot, even when it is cooling down.a con is where the buttons are located.  when i am using it, i keep turning it, either, off, or hotter or cooler.  the buttons are in a very, very, bad spot.i have used this on slightly damp hair and dry hair and i say it works best on slightly damp hair.  small sections also work the best.i have not had any problems with melting plastic or anything.  no weird smells.  no hair burning.does it make my hair straighter?  actually ... yes!  and softer too.  that was the pleasantly surprised part.  do i like this better than my name brand hair straightener?  i do not know.  i think i like them both differently.  i think this straightener is faster.  i think my name brand straightener makes for smoother hair.  i guess i am also afraid of damaging my hair and since this is made out of country, i do not know much about the ceramics used and so i am very conservative and cautious when i use this.i have attached a picture of before and after use.  this was damp, just showered hair.overall, a good purchase.  i plan on using it often.
no relief from pain this local medication
i love these pads. i purchased two packs, one for my beauty needs and one for my dog's! i have a boxer and apply an antifungal ointment to clean his wrinkly face daily. these are perfect for both our needs. i wash them in a small garmentlingerie bag and air dry them. these make great gifts!
these are great qtip swabs. my toddler really disliked getting his ears cleaned but these make it a much more tolerable experience. he is even wanting to do it himself now and i can let him knowing it is safe he cannot push it in too far.
this is an absolute perfect gift to give my 19 year old grand daughter. she just loves everything that is bling and sparkly. this si a great size of 7 inches long and will fit perfectly in her purse. there will be no more waiting on her to do her hair because now she can do it in the car on the way since it has a car plug in. it is great that this is dual voltage as it will allow her to travel in the military. it is very light weight and comes with its own carrying bag. it heats up fast and works great on my trial run with it before i give it to her.
i was very surprised how amazing of a job this product does.  i have tried it on the dirtiest of pipes and some very hard to clean pieces and had great success with any attempt. instructions were easy to follow and even a friend's pipe that had not been cleaned since he got many moons ago was able to come clean with the recommended time did not even have to sit for hours like recommended for dirty pipes. i have also found no residual flavor after a simple wash out. this product is very well worth the purchase and now i am a lifelong customer.
i bought for work to check pull forces on material handling equipment.  works just as well as the professional ones that cost 1000.  you cannot calibrate it, but it gets close enough for what i need it for.  excellent purchase!
love this stuff
i got this for my daughter who is almost four years old. we cannot find any bigger swim diapers anywhere for her and i am so glad i found this! she is not potty trained due to disability and i am glad there is something out there for someone like her so she is able to keep swimming practice since the pool does not allow those disposable ones anymore. i would imagine that there would be many out there who could use these big swim diapers too. i like the basic colors. we can pretty much use this on her with any cute swimsuits over it. cannot even tell that this is underneath her swimsuit! thank you pool pal!
very nice and workable bottles for making oil blends. i love the cobalt blue also!
the tool itself is great but it is almost useless because it will not stay on the floor. the suction cups come off easily. it is a shame because it could be brilliant.
i had a good buying experience. items are what they say. only 3  because they unfortunately do not work for my hubs. maybe its just him  not the products.  there is a chance it may work for some  not others. for the price, it certainly does not hurt to try.
the cloth liner did not even make it through one house cleaning
these are so easy to open and close and stay closed too!  they are so cute and convenient for carrying pills in my purse.  i could not ask for a better product.  price is great too!
this lotion is a must have in my house. i have insane foot and calve cramps that wake me up out of deep sleep. i rub some of this on and within a minute they calm down and i can fall back to sleep. sometimes i just out it in my feet before bed because it relaxes me and helps me get a good nights sleep. there is no smell. its not overly greasy or sticky. i love this stuff and have recommended it to multiple people who now also swear by it. its something i do not mind spending money on because its a necessity.
this set of toothbrushes is terrific especially for those with sensitive gums and teeth. the brushes are soft and almost sponge like. they are effective at cleaning teeth without causing irritation. they are comfortable to hold and use. the cylindrical plastic cases make them ideal for travel. one of the caps is perforated to let moisture out. the four different colors help family members easily identify theirs. very impressed.
love the fit and style
one broke after about two weeks; i will see how the next one lasts.
followed directions and takes some time so hoping it worked! not easy to know if it works for money but will try. not sure i would buy another unless i feel it does help to seal my granite from smelling!
i like the toothpaste no fluoride, it cleans and whitens however it has sodium benzoate
this product is great, especially for the price!!  its easy to use and my baby girl does not mind it at all!
i cooked two of the eight burger patties i got off amazon magic truck yesterday.  little shrinkage and great taste.  happy
cute militarydressed dog matches. gave away with candles during the holidays.  i like them. price was too high though; i purchased on a whim.  none of those who received them as gifts mentioned how adorable they were; guess i will have to choose my friends better in the future!
what an endearing book. it is as pleasant as drinking tea in the garden and kitchen with a good friend. this book is helpful, practical and fun. i would recommend it to anyone. even though i have quite a few herb books, this was was a good addition. it has a clean feeling to it, simple and nice.
this toilet spray does do a good job of killing odors, and is quick and easy to use. the scent, however, is just ok. granted, pretty much any scent is better than the scent this is meant to cover up, but the sea salt scent is more floral than i was expecting. it is an ok scent, but not 100 to my liking. the other issue i have had is that the sprayer does not always spray properly. instead of a mist, it sort of splatters the liquid at times, making a bit of a mess unless your aim is perfectly true. it is only happening with one of the containers, so it seems that the sprayer is defective. given the price point, better quality sprayers should have been used.the scent plus the sprayer issue lowers my score to 4 stars, but it is otherwise a decent product that does what it says it will do.
i buy these because i like that i could just dispose and they are not plastic or styrofoam but they are expensive
these keto electrolyte drops have helped me to get back on the track to losing weight. they do not taste the best in the world but they do not taste horrible either. they are better taken in something to drink. the bottle is good sized for the price you pay. the keto salt is not strong tasting which to me is a good thing because i cannot hardly stomach that taste. these work good and are a great value.
works and you do not get sick on this.....only it is a little too much money......but if you need it . go for it
i was so happy to see something pretty for an 80 year old birthday party.  these were reasonably priced, very soft and quick shipping.  definitely use them again.
i have slouched my whole life and have always had bad posture. after having this product for only a week, i am standing up straighter and people are commenting that i look better and healthierjust from standing up straight. it comes with instructions that are easy to follow and i only keep it on for about 30 min to an hour a day while i do household chores. such a game changer.
the fit works, very snug. not as much force, its a slight notice of power as the brand name replacement heads but just as good for the price.
it works fine!
tastes great. i used it in smoothies frozen fruit, milk and ice and it mixes really well. not sure it would mix well if you are just trying to use a liquid definitely better to blend it in a blender. i have had this container for months and still have half of it left, and it is just as fresh as ever. the price is a little high, but it does seem to last a while.
could not sit in at office chair all day without it. so comfortable, i could sit on it 247!
oh my gosh.... this is so comfortable!!!  my back is so happy...thank you!
almost makes tie shoes into slipons.
my husband is 60 and is dealing with new health concerns that he did not have when he was younger. two of those concerns are decreased testosterone levels and a slightly enlarged prostate that has him getting up at least once a night to urinate. his doctor recommended that he take saw palmetto to help with his prostate and he wanted to increase his testosterone to find a natural product. helix prostate support complex helps him by combining saw palmetto for prostate health with vitamin b6, zinc, copper, selenium, vitamin e, plant sterol complex, pygeum africanum, red raspberry, graviola, green tea, cats claw, broccoli, tomato powder, stinging nettle, stinging nettle, maitake mushroom, shitake mushroom and reishi mushroom to increase testosterone levels. saw palmetto is a natural product extracted from a plant that is native to the southeastern united states. it has been shown to shrink prostate tissue relieving the symptoms of a slightly enlarged prostate.taking helix prostate support complex with saw palmetto has my husband sleeping through the night instead of getting up at night to urinate. this has allowed him to get a complete nights sleep and he does not get tired during the day.i received this at a free cost in return for my honest review. my opinions are always 100 honest and reflect my own experience with this product.
good for getting accurate circumference measures on yourself and others. the plastic portion on the end of the tape keeps the tape from retracting into the container and being lost forever. this portion of the tape needs to be reinforced as the tape is useless once it breaks.
this are huge. i tie a know on one corner and they do not fall out when the trash is taken. you can reuse them until they get really dirty and smelly.
i have used this for years now, it gives me the feeling that my back feels better, not sure how it works, but i use it on my back.
excellent product for neck pain
high quality capsules !
these little bags are the perfect size for portion control. they work great!
for the past couple of years i have hardly been sick at all. i take my vitamin c daily and i think that helps. but recently i was around someone who was coughing and touching everything and spreading their cold everywhere. it was very frustrating to realize that i was probably going to get sick.well i had one day of feeling like i was getting a cold and i took this four times a day as prescribed. wow i am not sick. this stuff really must work. i found the taste inconsequential. in a glass of water i could not taste it at all. one dropper full in water is the recommended dose. it is about 25 drops of liquid. i counted it to be sure.buying this may seem expensive but how much is your health worth? to me it was well worth the cost and this bottle will last a long time as you use so little. when they say you will be well in a day they really mean it.i was very impressed with this remedy and will keep it on hand at all times. it works better than anything i have tried before. i even told my nurse practitioner about it and she thought it was good.who wants to be sick for a week or more. i just do not have the time. as with all herbal remedies do consult with your doctor before taking.the rebecca review
these are classic ziploc gallon size bags with a nice slider closing. they are durable  hold a lot. a great find on amazon for a loved ones favorite nfl team! fabulous price to pay for an unexpected special gift to receive in the mail! i definitely recommend!
expensive, but excellent product.  if you can afford it, buy it.
i bought this hoping to increase my fiber intake to help regulate me.  it turns out it is only soluble fiber, which did not do anything for my purposes.  the product itself is easy to take.  it dissolves fully after a minute or two and is completely taste and texture less.  it is easy to take, but it was not any use to me.
it really does pull the gunk out of your pores.
these are very convenient. the box looks nice enough that i can put them on a side table.
these do what they say they do. they are very easy to swallow. i have had no problems with them.
i personally do not like this product. it contains caffeine, i took two pills and i could not sleep for an entire night.the concentration of vitamin b12 is too high. it does not make any sense to take all that vitamin b12 every day. your body will discard the rest with urine and you will have a peak of vitamin b12 in the blood. despite b12 does not induce cytotoxicity, why wasting money in something you do not need.additionally, they put in optimind lgaba to compensate the effect of caffeine. so why putting caffeine in the first place?this is an extremely expensive item.please be careful because they are very sneaky if you cancel the free trial subscription period on line on their website. in fact, you click cancer and you see a message you are almost done. however, you have to wait a few secondsminutes to display the final please cancer now. only then you will receive an email confirming your cancellation. this is a very sneaky way to induce people to forget to wait and continue with cancellation and charge them with an additional charge.alpha brain is, for example, a superior product. more cost efficient and with no caffeine. if people want caffeine they can drink a coffee.
these aminos taste so damn good! i have bought these twice now and i do not know if i am placeboing myself to death but i could swear that i am recovering much faster since i started taking them. i have always had a few workouts that have left me sore and spent for the next 2 or so days and that has stopped. just had to take almost 3 weeks off from the gym and i came back with no soreness inspite of an intense workout.the only issue i have is with the packaging. the bag is way too big and the scoop way too short for the amount you get. you have to stick your hand completely in the bag to get anything out. my knuckles always come out covered. a shorter bag or a small plastic container is really needed. bag also reads about 40 servings. i got closer to 30 by using the included scoop.edit i asked rem one of the company owners about the packaging and he said they are going to make the switch to smaller tub containers. so no more dusty knuckles. he responded almost immediately. a customer service.
love this stuff.. it has alot of health benifits.. and i do not have and issue with the taste of vinegar but my daughter also uses it  and she likes the taste too.. it took her about a week and now she even puts it in her water and like the taste.. the best part is it is natural!!!
great replacement for my favorite running shoes
these are pretty sturdy. can be washed and reused easily.  they dry quickly. they are too thin to be washed in a washing machine. i plan on using about a sheet a week to clean my kitchen counters. these are way better than using a towel or sanitizing wipes. as these are biodegradable and better for the earth.i ordered these in two colors, magenta and fuchsia. they are basically the same color. and the color dosen't bleed off the fabric.
these cup are just odd. the gold rim looks cheap and it they break easily. i do not like them and i would not use them anywhere.
i have a pair of duck boots and i have a few pairs of tennis shoes that have developed a smell that is somewhat gross!  i sprayed them with10seconds disinfectantdeodorizer and the smell has either been reduced to a minimum or removed.  i have applied this product at different intervals depending on how often i wear the pair of shoes.  it does a good job!
perfect! just as described!
i wanted a nice looking set of clippers but also needed them to be functional. i also wanted both a fingernail clipper and a toenail clipper in one set. the clippers arrived quickly and when i got the set home i wanted to try them out right away. they came together in a set in a small cardboard box. there is not a carrying case, but i will just slip them into a small makeup bag for storage.these clippers felt solid and balanced in my hand but were easy to cut with. the clippers are easy to grip because they are ergonomically correct, and they cut smoothly every time. they cut through the nail very cleanly with no jagged edges or pulling too. these clippers open wide enough to cut well, for i am sure even thick nails,and are curved on the ends for an even cut. i had absolutely no problems in using these clippers. the clippers are made of strong stainless steel that allows me to sanitize them without worry of rust or corrosion. they should last a lifetime. i received the product for testing purposes. i have no complaints or problems and the product i have tried is working very well for me. this is my personal opinion and i am in no way required to write a review. i will leave honest feedback that i base on my own personal experience with the product i receive. i am in no way affiliated with any supplier or manufacturer of goods.
yeah, i know.  strange thing to purchase and talk about.  here is the scoop ... we are owner operators and so we own our own trucking company.  every once in a blue moon, i go with hubs in his truck.  i also have a baby bladder.  i inevitable have to urinate when i should be sleeping at night.  who wants to get out of the truck and go into a truck stop or otherwise in the middle of the night.  do not want to have to wake hubs to take me.  also ... the current health situation in our country ... who wants to use public restrooms?this one is cumbersome. it ends up leaking. too much tubing. the gasket thingie falls off. i do not loke this at all
easy to make and great tasting
not sure after using it only one time so far
it does not work for gymnastics activities.  34;it stays34; seems to work better.
the texture is just right; not too much hard beeswax or too much soft olive oil.the price is reasonable compared with the big name brand.the taste of olive oil is ok  i would rather have that than petrochemicals on my lips.i am not happy that the useby date is only 2 months after the date my order came.so all the unused tubes will have to be stored in the refrigerator or freezer door until needed.
not enough iron to keep up with anemia, even taking double during the one week a month.
these are pretty good for general noise cancelling  mowing the lawn, sporting events, etc, but i would not recommend them for shooting. none of them felt like they protected my hearing as well as my over the ear protectors do.
i used this only once since it arrived yesterday, but i was really pleased.  it is very lightweight, which surprised me, and when i was finished brushing my teeth, my teeth were actually so clean they were shiny!  it is much more comfortable for me than my former electronic toothbrush since it is smaller and reached all of my back teeth.  and just for fun, i loved that i bought the pink one...
a nice fiber pickmeup, for no guilt snacks, andor light meal replacement. they taste healthy not real sweet but pleasant.
i do not mind taking these, they taste good and easy to get your fiber
fast and accurate!
the order came on time undamaged and i am pleased i ordered this product.i never thought being to acidic would cause many health issues,now i can keep myself in check daily,or whenever i want.i plan to order from this company for giving this product as xmas gifts to people in my circle.
ok, so, i never know if the natural stuff works as i have no patience and end up taking tylenol as well to suppress symptoms.anyway, this past week i caught a pretty bad cold, sneezing, runny nose etc, i took this for 23 days  sudafed pe to suppress symptoms and in 2 days i felt human again, my colds usually last minimum a week to 10 days.i also took olive leaf for my throat and i think that took care of that.no natural remedy ever worked on me .... i think this is a winner so far .... pricey, yes, but have been uing it already for months i think it stopped a cold at the very beginning a few times and still have some left.
did not do anything for me
these are amazing. i use them to drive through the canyons. and they are extremely helpful they also help you to stay calm and not get anxiety because you cannot see the oncoming cars with their bright lights i recommend these to anybody especially truck drivers or anybody who has to work during the night
perfect. just what i needed to cut my husband's hair and mine
these cleaning sheets do not come with instructions re how much water to use. i used half a sheet and a bucket and gradually added as i needed.  the sheet dissolved easily and the detergent worked well.  i like that it is so easy to store and such a space saver, thus ecofriendly.  i was not sure if it would work as well as regular cleanser but it was effective and did not give off the toxic fumesscent.
i have never used a water flosser before but wanted to try one. so glad i did. this flosser has a good size reservoir for one cleaning. has all the attachments you need for various purposes. works great and happy with this particular product. it is also easy to charge and can be transportable.
these wipes work great for cleaning lenses. they are easy to use and i like that you can simply throw them away. i would buy them again.
their orange cream flavor tastes so much better.
good product... thank you.
this is a bit stronger because it does have alcohol...which is what i prefer as it works best for me.
product packaging was poor, with no protection for a thin box. product itself seems to be undamaged. quality of product is fine.
i forgot i had it. but, mut say. fewer lasting odors now. plugged in all the time.
i was very pleased on how much this belt helped with back pain and belly pressure, especially for the low cost.
never have seen such small pill boxes!
i was very pleased with these rinsefree bath cloths by nurture. they are larger than i expected, thick and soft. with just a little bit of water and a couple squeezes, they produce a nice lather that for me, was enough to wipe my entire body. the lather is not so thick that you feel you need to rinse, and it dries comfortably without feeling sticky or stiff. these are handy for camping, for travel, for those who are ill or recovering from surgery, or for a gym bag. very versatile, very easy to use.
this is a good idea in theory, but poorly executed.there is not much in the way of pros, and many cons.pros   1. washable and reusable   1. as others have mentioned, this opens up the sides of the mask so so much that it effectively means that you are getting unfiltered air coming in.   2. these do not fit an adult face unless you have a small chin. to get the mask to cover the nose, the bottom edge of the mask will press into your skin above your chin and below your bottom lip. it is not a super sharp plastic edge, but it is enough to make a mark when you wear it for a while.   3. there is nothing to attach this to the mask, so when you remove the mask, this will fall off onto the floor or the ground unless you remember to catch it as it falls.   4. it does not work with regards to preventing your exhalation from fogging up your glasses  it does reduce it a tiny bit, but not nearly enough to be useful.i really wish this worked as described, although it might work for children. hardpass on this particular mask insert. we will see how some of the others work.
this is ok but not great.  it says not to use your finger but it does not have an applicator so i guess you are supposed to use a tissue?  it burned a little when i first put it on.  later when i had to wipe it felt a bit numb, so i guess the numbing property does work.  i do not really like it as much as some of the name brand ones i have.
great purchase
not long enough.
needs to be more evident what the scent is i am going to
so far so good. they are placed in the lawn and hopefully protecting from gophers.
trinova grill cleaner spray for bbq  works great. just spray and let it still a little while. then you have to scrub at it a little bit. makes it a lot easier then just trying to use water with the scrubbing tool!
we have already happily gone through two sets of these. great simple teether. we tend to keep one in every baby bag to have on hand.
very messy to use. leaking.please take it back
does not dissolve.  i followed the directions from the online description.  package did not come with instructions.  could not see my using it to gift!
hard to lose or misplacethey are hanging around your neck when not in use.  the masks are designed to adjust to your face.  no more ears flapping in the wind.  wonderful idea.  i will not purchase an imported mask to protect me from a virus that was imported.  i ordered a black and a white mask on a saturday and received them on monday morning.
i like the idea of a finger brush to brush my dogs teeth but i think the bristles are too soft to clean anything.
the cider vinegar does seem to improve digestion. not that i have a particular problem. the cider vinegar gets me through the day without noticing digestive nuance.they taste good at the end of my supplement taking session. i like them. try them for a week, and you might notice a benefit.
you now, there is no getting around it. a half hours worth of basic research on the internet will prove that them fields have minimal, if any, effect on humans health. however, if the conspiratorial side of you is dead set on protecting itself from the evils that are wifi signals, microwave emissions, etc, then this is the product for you.all judgement aside, i have to say that shortly after applying the product to the underbelly of my laptop, i began noticing extreme lagging on my pc. i am talking snails here!does the product work? well it shot my pc to heck so i am assuming, yes. and if that is what you are going for, than five star!as for me, i am peeling it off now.i hate to be totally negative so here are a few positive aspects of the product. lightweight peals easily does not smell of glue whatsoever easy to cut and mold to your preferred shape actuallylikely does what it says it does can be a neg or poss.please see my youtube video review for a demo and more.disclaimer free for review.
love this product.  tastes great, no chemical after taste.  been sick once in three years, feel great with lots of energy.
i love this brand! these came at the perfect time because everyone around me has a cold. these are a lot more gentler on my nose than the weird off brand my company orders.  these do not dry my nose out as bad at the others.i like that these are thick and do not fall apart and the boxes have an appealing design.
very nice. worth the money
the sponges are what you would expect to buy at a dollar store. the steel wool should hold up for many months  the sponges i expect will last a month.
i have eyelash extensions and this mask fits perfectly without damaging the extension. will buy again in a heartbeat!
i bought one of these for each of my cars and have been very happy with it. it is the perfect size to hold a lot of stuff but not take up too much space in the trunk. i fit every kind of first aid item i might need into it and still have some room to spare. bandages, glove, flashlight, little reflective trauma blankets, pain killers, and a ton of other stuff. has a good system of pockets and dividers to organize things as well. i put different categories of things in ziplocks for the larger pockets and put some things by themselves in the side pockets.
i have been using these for dishwashing and they are little big for me,  but they are workable!  i have used the other pair for bathroom cleaning and same thing.  they hold well enough.  they have long sleeves and seem to be really good quality.  great cleaning and dishwashing gloves!
good fit.  decent backing.  not as plush as some, but nonetheless, a very good liner at a good price.
these are on point!
this has an awesome taste but what i did not love was the fact  that although they said on their website it is third party certified, i did not see the seal on the product itself.
my mum looks beautiful in blue!  everyone is happy with the stand out color and solid construction.  thank you for making this cherished urn to hold our mum.
this sound machine comes with a total of 28 sounds; 18 are under the white noise button and 12 are under the lullaby button. this is a plugin unit and comes with a usb cable but no ac adapter, the unit itself, and a regular instruction pamphlet.operation is simple as per my video. all the controls are on the top front of the unit. i have to "hold press" the onoff button to turn it on and do the same to turn it off.there are seven operational buttons on the top. the timer can be set for 30, 60, or 90 minutes or turned off for continuous play. the unit can be used as a nightlight only or with the sound.most of the sounds are crisp but a couple are a bit staticky and that is the reason i rated this 4 instead of 5 stars.the current price of 23.39 25.99 minus 10 is competitively priced.
worked great for a web
the two buttons are not enough. i needed 3 buttons on each flap side in order to secure it. for both my toddler and newborn.
it works as described, but i bought it without reading the ingredients and it contains egg yolk which i am allergic to it
i waited 6 months to post my review because i wanted to use this iron long enough. i am a seamster . i use my iron every day. i have had many irons in my 75 years of life. listen to me and do not buy this iron. it does not steam but it pours the water in one part of your fabric while other parts are dry. this iron has not been made for even, nice, steam. something is wrong. i use only distilled water. do not pay even 10 dollars for this iron.
easy way to get your fiber and no mixing!
smells fresh and clean. makescleaning the shower easy.
love these, they work just great. my only peeve is that they squeak, but i remedied that by coating the squeaky parts with graphite as a dry lubricant so that it did not collect dust and hair. i have advanced peripheral neuropathy, a nerve condition, so walking is a pain. the cane i used just does not cut it anymore, i needed support on both sides, so i puchased these and can move around swiftly instead of slow.
i am stocking up on all immune boosters from here on out! elderberry gummies are at the top of my list and these gummies have echinacea as well to boost immunity. love the gummies since they taste good and are super easy to chew for the kids as well. i am convinced after using them through cold and flu season that they really do help.
purchased this so that my girlfriend and i could better track our weightprogress as we both work towards getting into better shape. the scale appears to be well constructed, works as intended, and looks great to boot!
flavor not as bad, as described.
these are now something you may need if wearing a mask for  many hours a day, several days a week.  the silicone does not pull on your hair so its comfortable. it can be a bit small depending on the size of your head. my husband has a big head and it can be tight depending on the mask straps.  they worked fine for me and they have saved my ears from chafing.  the ear loops hook easily over the button thingy on the extender.  th extender has a small amount  of stretch so you can adjust your mask for the comfort level you prefer.
like magic, these things scrap away dirt like nothing else. i finally found a product that does not scratch but gets dirt off. my only problem is they really are one shot only, and deteriorate very quickly. they cannot take much abuse but they do what no other sponge can.
these brake after flossing one or 2 teeth. i had to throw them away.
good suction. not super long. with the thickness, not so much for beginners. good buy, though.
these drink packets are perfect for rehydrating after a long bike ride. they are very compact and light, which is nice for being out and about. the drink has nice flavor and is not overly fruity or sugary.
great product thanks
arrive as promised  was as described  nicely packaged
this is an excellent blood pressure monitor. there are only a few minor quibbles that does not take away from how good the unit performs.pluses very well made attractive shape and appearance large, easy to read display well written  informative user guide voice prompts provide start status and read out of results 2 user memory function cuff has instructions that provide guidance on proper fit micro usb power option results were accurate in line with results received during annual physical examminuses 3 aaa batteries not included usb cable  charger are also not includedin a lot of cases with devices that take batteries, you normally get really cheap noname batteries. i do not mind that they are not included, as i would rather spend the money on good quality alkalines or rechargeables. but i can see where not having batteries to get you started would be a bummer. likewise, i am not really disappointed that a charger is not included, especially at this price point.those little inconveniences aside, the unit works incredibly well. it is easy to know the direction when placing the cuff on. the user guide is well written; it was easy to follow the step by step instructions. even though i could see the results on the large lcd screen, it was to have the voice prompts let me know my results. i see this as a great benefit to elderly people who may have a little trouble reading the screen. and you can save your results to memory, for 2 separate users, to recall at a later date. nice.
i have been trying new dental products lately looking for something more natural that works. i will not be ordering this again though. it is not offensive in any way. i just do not care for it. it does not have much flavor or leave my breath fresh. it is crumbly and the bits can easily slip out of your mouth while brushing. i do use an electronic toothbrush though so maybe with manual it might work better. it is just not for me.
slim and well made.  it fits perfectly at the end of my 1234; deep cupboard over the sink.  the installation was easy because of the numerous slots available for drilling and anchoring. the georgia pacific 21000 two ply style towels fit just right and pull out singularly without waste.  this is the second commercialstyle towel dispenser that i have purchased for my kitchen in the last four years.  the first one was a slim roll design that dispensed single ply towels.  the double  ply towels dispensed with this unit are stronger and more absorbent requiring fewer towels for average cleanup in the kitchen.  this was actually a costsaving investment.
i like to use these to add to my laundry for an extra boost of cleanliness. my bf gets sweaty and oily and that transfers to clothes and sheets. i mix the borax and washing soda together and sprinkle a scoop into every load to keep the soil at bay. they help my wash smell fresh and stay clean.
i was hesitant to get this based on some of the negative reviews here  but the positive ones convinced me to try it.  and, the price was good enough that i thought 34;why not?34;first of all, i have fibromyalgia and have severe pains and have been desperate.  i am not someone who is comfortable to get a massage, and even if i was i would be poor if i went as often as i would need to.  so, what to do?ok.  i got it today and tried it about a half an hour ago.  i think that alone tells you what i think of this spa mat!  that i literally came on here to review it right away  i did not even bother with 34;low34; and went right to 34;medium34; high seemed to scare me for the initial setting  i figured it would be similar to a tsunami.  the power of the bubbles was amazing!  gets you all over and was so powerful that the tub looked like a pot of crazy hot boiling water.  and that was on medium!oh, and yeah  while a 1015 minute bath is usually cool at the end, this amazin' beauty keep the water at a nice temp.  regarding the mat floating  it does.  some of the suction cups stuck great and others did not.  frankly, who cares??  this is supposed to make the water bubble and it does that job fantastically.  made me feel good and relaxed   woo!lastly  other people complained about the noise.  the noise of the unit is quiet.  the massive bubbling is noisy!  ;  and seriously, if you are complaining about bubbling noise then why did you get a 34;body bubbles bath spa34; mat?  lol  personally, i liked it and it reminded me of being on vacation and in a big hot tub.and, for storage, i figured that since i will likely be using it 23 times a week the best way to store the mat is just to stick it on the side of the shower wall ;  perfect so the excess water can drain out and it can dry well.
very nice.  looks just as pictured.  i put a yarn project keeper, some yarn and a couple other small items without trouble.  the measurements given were active.  the ribbon is lovely, thick satin ribbon and is white.  plenty of it with lots of tail after closing the top.  the material of the bag is thin, but effective  i cannot see through it.  i would buy again.  it is a lovely, reusable gift bag. it arrived quickly i have prime and in great shape along with other items i ordered.
a word of caution. i am sensitive to stimulants. so the first 3 days this messed with my stomach a bit. after that i am good to go. at 178lbs the recommended dosage is 22 scoops for me. because i am sensitive to stimulants that is just too much. everytime i do two scoops i end up bonking mid workout. shaky hands, starving, have to stop and eat and rest a good half hour before finishing. i always eat an hour before my workout and only have this issue with two scoops. one scoop for me is perfect. makes my face tingle, helps me kill my workout. i love this stuff. so my recommendation is to try it in different dosages until you find your sweet spot. maybe you are a 12 scoop person, maybe you need the full two scoops. ust do not try it once and say it is not for you. give it time, give it a chance. you will love it.
i definitely need something else
not only are these very helpful when you have a sick child with the flu etc.my husband had open heart surgery over a month ago, but when he came home from the hospital his electrolyteswhere still off.i mixed one of these with water, he drank it as his dr. told him too when he called him to say howawful he was feeling. this mommys bliss saved us a trip back to the hospital, but put my husband back on track to recovering.
i like it. its smaller than most pill organizers, which i prefer since i only take a few pills. but honestly, it is not worth more than 34. wait for the price to go down because even paying 5 for this, i thought i was overcharged. if you really love the aesthetic of the rainbow, go for it. but if you need more space for vitamins and pills, get something else.
great for camping or your purse for any cleanups. i do not think it is worth the money though  they are not so high quality that it is worth it. individual packing and natural is why i liked them, but will not be repurchasing.
only thing is, i have a pacemaker and you cannot use this product with a pacemaker. therefore, its useless to me.  my husband loves it for his back and legs though.  so it turned out as a great present!  lol
these drops stopped the stingingitching immediately upon first use. i am pleased.
very convenient and effective product
this provides a subtle, as in very subtle, difference.i cannot say that it was enough to justify the price, but everyone is different in that area. in addition, everyone is body is different, and yours may respond better than mine.i definitely believe in the theory behind it. but i am the sort of person that cannot wear certain watches because they stop, or i touch light switches and get a little shock, even when there is no activity that would cause it such as walking on a carpet creating static electricity.so do give it a try, this is one of those items that cannot hurt and might help. my hope is that it helps you more than it is helped me. best of luck to you.
the flavor is great the price is ridiculous.
bought this for my disabled son i tried it first and liked it so much that i ordered one for myself. finally a brush that works.
i mean its a working scale. works great. looks nice in comparison to my crusty bathroom. love that
my mom love it been using for 30yrs
this lavender essential oil already has 102 reviews with a high star rating so i doubt i can add anything unique to say about it.  it has a lovely lavender scent and i will be using this to scent my hand made soaps.
these are sturdy, lomg lasting arch and heel supports. they are firm but with some give. have a high heel and higher arch supports. the only inserts i will use for preventing heel pain and supporting my unusually high arches.
i have 3 large dogs and it can some times be a chore to brush their teeth every morning.  however, with this full surround finger toothbrush, brushing is so much easier and faster.  my dogs do not seem to fight me as much as when i was using the regular toothbrushes or the other finger brushes.  one of my dogs, she is the youngest at 16 mos. old almost seems to enjoy her morning brushing.  this toothbrush is really soft extra soft, which is my 1 concern.  i wish the bristles where a little less soft. sometimes i wonder if their teeth are really getting a good cleaning because the brush is so soft.  it is great to massage their gums.  this brush has made a world of difference for my dogs.  they let me brush their teeth.  its great!
easy to use and wash nicely. love having the supply of these to grab and go.
i purchased this because i recently started taking online classes again and i will be spending more time in my desk chair. poor body mechanics can cause back pain, breakdown of joints etc. this cushion was just what i needed to help me obtain good posture and prevent a sore booty.
sometimes we often need a fork and do not want to have to wash one up.weighing the disposable factor against the use of water and soap for one fork is sometimes stressful.these forks eliminate that. 100 compostable and disposable.these are more like the salad size fork, but could be for smaller kids who cannot yet manage a bigger fork.durable and better for the environment.pretty happy with these and i know they will last a long time in my house. in the event i need to get more  ill definitely get these!fyi the bigger fork is from a different set. these are the forks on the right.
cute christmasthemed cover with invisible zipper that will fit any standard cushion and liven up the living room. it is soft to touch and kids love it. it is a nice fun splash of color.
great for nails
it is the real deal love it
simple shoe brush.  works as expected. nice cover flap
my husband's nice prescription glasses lost one of their nose pieces and we did not want to go back to the eye doctor so i found these on amazon and decided to give them a try.  they were the perfect replacement for the one he lost and are exactly the same quality as those that came from an optical dispensary.  there are enough in this package, that i probably will not ever have to buy another pair.
bulk supplements are the best i have found! i have been doing alot of research on supplements and i love this company for a few reasons, mostly the purity of the products, no fillers on what i have gotten, and the price is affordable so i am more happy to try new items. i started researching these items for my cats. glucosamine helps cats bladder tissue rebuild. the chondrotin helps prevent damage to the bladder lining.  i only use this company for my cats because their systems are so delicate and having the supplements in powder form helps with dosing and the purity is a great bonus! now i am trying new supplements for myself and i have this company to thank! i will be a life time buyer!
this product was very easy to put together and i love that i can use my own floor product. it sprayed nicely and evenly and did not leak. the pad secured nicely to the base with velcro and you can throw the pads in the wash. it is as pictured and does a nice job.
this snack is really delicious and its packed full of energy
i do not like nuts, so hard to find a protien bar wo them. these taste good and are very filling....surprising for how tiny they are. company stuck some extra samples in the box which was nice hubby had to eat the nut one. the lemon was great and i will order it next.
great prank gift
these are soooooooo tiny and cute and great size for travel, but really hard to dispense from. i filled one each with lavender, peppermint, frankincense, purify, serenity, sunny citrus, and tea tree. none of them would dispense even one drop. i had to shake, shake, shake you do not get a very accurate portion that way, and sometimes i would see a film develop on the water of my travel diffuser so i knew something had come out. but what a pain!!! no drops.  i am at a loss for how to actually use the oils from these little jars. you cannot use a dropper unless you use separate ones for each oil and of course take off the reducer, otherwise you will contaminatemix due to residue of each oil in the dropper., and who is going to carry around 8 droppers? how do you get these to work??? suggestions?
battery connection is.....delicate. be gentle
all three of these broke with minimal ease of use within minutes.  do not buy!!! i paid 10 for pure trash!
i almost wish someone i knew would have a birthday soon just to have an excuse to gift one of these bags! i ordered the "all occasion" bags with balloons and it was much better than pictured  the material is sturdy, better than your typical gift bag found at a 99 cent store and quite attractive. it does not say "happy birthday" but it seems the holiday best suited for using these bags, though the bag could also be used for promotions, graduation gifts, and anything celebratory. note that the handles looking like shoelaces are packaged separately and you have to insert them by hand into each one. i found this to be a little bit of a pain but i guess it made it easier to ship. overall i am happy with it.
i love this, have it at the head of my bed, and i use it every single night. it blocks out noise.
hair drags, concerned about damagedoesn't heat hot enoughdon't buy
tastes yummy and it is good for you. i am lactose intolerant so i cannot drink other protein drinks. i am addicted to caffeine and coffee tasting products
excellent for allergies. unlike the the overthecounter meds, these herbs have no side effects.
not the best but good for the money.
as a healthcare worker i wear masks 14 hours. the straps dig in my ears causing blisters. a n95 mask would be better but all we get all the thin disposable masks.these strap extenders take the straps off the ears. the silicone extender is barely noticeable. finally my ears are getting some relief.
i paid more money than i want to admit for a custom acrylic tub in a 35 year old bathroom.  it can only be cleaned with vinegar.  yeh.  so this hella expensive tub is a pain... until i got these magic erasers. oh them gee, the scum just rolls off the tub and it looks brand new.  i do not know how i would keep it clean without them because vinegar is a great cleaner and i use it a lot, but you need something to 34;scrub34; with that will not scratch.  voila!
these are perfect for home manicures.
i's pretty good stuff and will buy again.  thank you!!
i got the giggles as this thing made my daughters hair and scalp quite literally squeaky clean! her hair is insanely thick, but very fine, and also long. we have been battling dandruff for years, and tried everything. this has been a terrific help, and it somehow does not tangle her hair in the process! i am absolutely stoked on this thing, and so grateful i stumbled across it.
came leaky
this was fine except for two things1.  it is thicker than i thought.  it would not fit in the side pocket of my purse.2.  the one i received, the top open too easily.  just a baby bump against the closure and out popped all of my pills.so i returned this item.
as expected fresh product date perfect
i am sorry but i just could't manage to make this fit in my ear well enough to block sound as designed, despite repeated attempts.
good price and work very well
works well but i do not get why they are using glass which breaks easily and is dangerous especially when you consider that most of us will stand on it barefootedweigh ourselves naked etc. surely luciteacrylic would make more sense..
originally i thought these files would work just like my crystal nail file from perfect formula, a file i have had for years. my nails were all finally strong, healthy and grown out.after using these files my nails are shredding, peeling and down to the nubs! several of the top layers of my nails are peeling back even further. some nails have 2, 3  4 cracks up the nail. i just had a horribly painful crack and it tore to the skin.i thought all these crystal nail files would be the same, but they are not!
this is the 2nd one i have bought. i purchased this because it was dual voltage and we were headed to ireland. i used it at home and i really liked the hot brush but the flat iron not so much....the plates do not touch. when i used it in ireland the digital temp display got really hot, burned out and stopped working. i was about to throw it out and tried one more time to use it and the brush got hot but no digital temp display. i used it for the rest of our trip but when we got home it would not turn on.  so i ordered another because it really does cut down on my styling time. people mention the problem with the button placement but you can lock the temp by double clicking the offon button a couple of times once it reaches the temp you want!
the awesome and perfect cloth mask. here is my longest review ever and why this is the awesome ppe for me.we have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. i must tell everyone these masks rock!seriously, this mask is soft. soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft tshirt that feels so good i cannot wait for it to be washed.made in the usa by americans look up their website!i do not know them but i know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..the mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.the mask is so comfortable. but, here are more reasons why i will wear this mask every time i can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so i can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. no longer having to put it in the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. period. i do not have to look for it when i get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because i simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if its loose. double layer full coverage mask. from bridge of my nose to under my chin. comfortable all day! i do not use the carbon filters. if needed, i would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.i do not think i have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. just kidding; since my iphone.these comes in two different sizes. i wear the xl. i have wide cheek bones and i am chubby. my spouse wears the large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.thank you buttonsmith for your part in helping with covid19 by producing more comfortable ppe. its hard enough as it is.lastly, mine were shipped out a bit faster than expected.i ordered more
the yellow shelf fell apart in my hand as i was trying to install it.  as i tightened the wingnut, it unscrewed itself from the wood.  i will need to get some glue and see if that will fix it.
not just this one but others that i tried just do not work when training a puppy.  on this one.  i cleaned the pee spot and sprayed it on.  puppy went back to the spot and peed next to it.  it would be funny if i was not peeved.
i have spent years making homemade bread for my family and one of my most important tools has been a plastic dough scraper i got from a king arthur seminar several years ago. without explanation, my scraper simply disappeared without a trace and no one knows what happened to it i think it got tossed in the trash by accident. i went about finding a replacement and after looking at a number of products i chose this one based on the price and the positive reviews. it has proven to be a good tool, a little different than my old scraper but still fine for my needs.instead of plastic, this one is stainless steel encased in silicone. there are a couple of important factors here. first, because of the silicone she will the scraping edge is soft and pliable. this is helpful for scraping around crevices and getting as much dough from a round plastic bowl as possible.  because of the stainless steel inside, the whole is stiff though still slightly bendable which allows it to flex just enough to clean the bowl of my stand mixer without fatigue or permanently getting warped or bent. it is stiffer than my old plastic scraper, and while this is a positive thing it does require getting used to it.unlike my old plastic scraper, this one will work on a hot saucepan. that is good news for when i am making candy and do not want to wait for the syrup to cool and harden, requiring a lot more effort to remove. i did not find any statement regarding the temperature limit for this scraper but based on other silicone utensils i have it is probably safe up to around 400 degrees f.and...silicone is more nonstick than plastic so cleanup is a little easier. it was never bad with with my plastic scraper, but it did require a bit more effort than this new scraper just because of the nature of the materials of each.i am very pleased with this scraper. it meets the need i had and it is better than my old plastic scraper that i used for years. it works well, it can be used on hot or cold cookware and it is very easy to clean. its reasonably priced too. based on my experience, this is a very easy product to recommend.
wow, i was not expecting this dual sided silicone body brush to be as amazing as it is. i use the same amount of body wash as usual, and lots of soft foam is produced. the bristles are soft, but very effective even if they do not feel that way at first! the other side is nubby and works nicely for feet, knees, etc. it is a little heavy, but not overly. dries quickly, and i can even sanitize it!
tried the detox via the ion foot bath at a friends house. they had a very expensive machine. being cheap, i looked at various machines and settled on this one. works like a champ and glad i bought it. because of the 5 yr warranty and being stateside was the clincher. have used it many times on a regular basis. 2 days on and one off. easy instructions, cannot go wrong. i threw in ton of salt to see what would happen alarm went off and reset it. use very little salt. great product and fast delivery. worth it.
bought it for my father in law to help with the cancer and it irritated his skin. must find right portion to use maybe?
steaming veggies in bags is absolutely the way to go to get perfectly steamed veggies in less than a couple minutes.  you just stick the veggies in the bag, unzip the adhesive area, flip the flap over, toss in the microwave, and cook for the time you want to get the veggies as you like them.  example, i like asparagus still slightly firm.  i can cook 12 pound in these in about 2 minutes, tops.  follow their time instructions and tinker a bit to get veggies the way you like them.  no pots, no steamer devices, no mess.  i am your basic guy who does not like to cook.  these are perfect.
generic brand of vaseline. seems to be identical to name brand. multipurpose and handy to have on hand. i have tried one other product from solimo, a spray sunscreen, and have been very happy with it. seems to be a quality line of products.
this does what its supposed to . it holds my mask in place securely without hurting my ears.
for some reason the pharmacy we use dispenses our medicines in adult proof packaging. after a real struggle, we take the pills out of that and put them into these little bottles. we peel the labels off the pharmacy bottles or paper cartons and tape them to these.. the lids are easy to open, but stay shut in a pocket or purse. i would not recommend if you have children or grandchildren around.
returned!  small and cheap!
too many wild designs rather 10 of solid colors
love their products
i found this mouth guard several years ago and have been a fan ever since.  i hated the expensive ones the dentist made as well as the boil and fit ones in the drug store.  this mouth guard is comfortable, you hardly know it is there.  it does the job.  i highly recommend it.  mine last about a year.
the ingredients of this fish oil is great! it works great for me and i heard its great for lower cholesterol.
i use this and nonstick pads instead of bandaids. i have bad reactions to the adhesives on bandaids and this tape saves me everytime. easy to cut the shape you need.
has a point not normally found on carbide files
these are cute and my son loves them...i just wish there was more option in style like mario or luigi on the bandaids, not just the 34;enemies34; and more than 20 bandaids in the package.
i consume this in smoothies and it is easily blendable. 1 serving is a small scoop, around a tsp size, so it really lasts. that said, in that small amount you are getting a supplement highly enriched in the daily value of vitamin a and b. it is a cracked cell wall form, so the nutrients are bioavailable. i did not expect it to taste very good, so i try to hide the flavor with fruits for example, but it still kind of tastes like i am drinking a vitamin.
i work in the yard a lot, esp this time of year and my feet would start aching. started using blue emu foot therapy cream and i now have no issues.  also, this cream smooths out the slight cracks in my heels.
i am not totally sure this is helping. this whole pandemic thing has messed with everything but the fact that these are a capsule instead of a powder is a winner for me. i cannot stand the taste of most of those things and just that alone is a turn off. i was totally skeptical but while i am not sure how much of a benefit they are, i can say that they have not caused any negatives so that alone makes them worth a try.
i will not buy this again. for 62 a bottle, there is no way this should not be organic....  i would buy it again if it was
this is the perfect item for those whose vision is impaired.  my stepmom has macular degeneration and this was ez for her to operate.
these work well. inflation is easy and completely adjustable.
the convience , the durability , makes things faster in shower getting ready for work !!!
this is the pill case! i have used lots of these things over the years and this one is it. the rainbow coloring is so cheerful first off. who wants a boring old pill container when you can have these beautiful colors to look forward to every morning and evening? not me! give me a rainbow any day to make popping that fish oil a bit more pleasurable. speaking of fish oil, this container is huge. you can fit a lot of pills in each compartment so you can go to town with your vitamin gobbling without worrying about running out of space. the tops of each pill container pop up nicely with the little levers and the whole thing is like a transformer. you can take off one day, or two, or whatever for traveling and leave the rest at home. very happy with this purchase.
these are some of the best protein bars i have ever had. delicious and no chemical aftertaste. every flavor is great but the white chocolate cookie is my favorite.
the price on these is too high. they work somewhat as intended but are more likely to be worth about 2.
i received this 2 weeks ago and it was very good.  i open and close it 3 times a day.  the hinge is already noticeably loose.  i do not expect it to last long.
very good product that helps reduce symptoms when it is impossible to avoid all high histamine foods every day. i appreciate being able to get two bottles at a time because sometimes i need more than 1 bottle a month. sometimes you need two caps a day, not just one.
they are beautiful and exactly like pic
handle is very wobbly and the manufacturer will not all returns
no, i do not have a baby.  i have wicked dry skin that is also sensitive, so i thought i would give this a shot.  and it works.  i smooth it on in the shower, pat dry, and my skin feels so much better.  it is got a very mild scent which is not at all offensive, and it is easy to apply.  i wish it was a bit cheaper, and that is the reason it is only four stars instead of five.  but it is a good product so i suppose it is worth whatever it is worth, right?
this tastes horrible and does not dissolve in cold liquids.  i tried apple juice and it just left clumps, tried both adding to cup before and after liquid.  i decided to try using it in coffee, and it tasted horrible.  i added some hot chocolate and it still tastes horrible, but slightly less so.  i certainly wish i did not get the 8oz container to start.  oh well.  so far no major herx reactions.  teasel root usually is within a few hours, this has been a three doses so far.
perfect for elipens and the orange color stands out when in the bottom of a backpack or a purse or whoever you leave them!!
this is exactly what i was looking for for my vape "waxshatter" now i just need to figure out who to buy the dual coil dabber!
i purchased this for my sister and she loves it.  the animal covers make this such a cute and practical gift.
these are great roller bottles for using with my essential oil recipes. love them!
great little curing iron!
i have been taking the etana immune blend supplement and i like it. it contains the key ingredients to help protect my immune system. these capsules are standard size and easy to swallow. also, there is no bad taste or aftertaste. well see how it holds up as america reopens from the pandemic!
scraped my shin down to the bone.  i use these daily to protect my shin.  so easy to use
i opened the box and looked at this curler and then read the instructions.  am i suppose to shove the end of my hair into the open end?  does it pull my hair in and around the round device inside the hole?there are no instructions about how exactly to use this and there is only one picture showing end of hair in the open hole.  so i decided to try this out.  the music is cute but not really needed.tried different ways of trying to get my hair in it and finally it pulled it in and stopped.  my hair was jammed around the inside.now i am sitting here and hoping it was not going to burn it before i can figure a way to get my hair out without cutting it.i just kept pulling while pushing the button.  after 10 mins i finally got my hair out of it.  packed it up and will not try it again.i will stick with a regular curling iron.
i have suffered from migraines for about 11 years. technically, i just get the migraine auras plus strong light sensitivity that irritates my eyes. these glasses do help, although they are not going to completely fix your problem. according to medical studies, green light is the easiest light on the eyes and brain for people who suffer from migraines. the green tint is soothing, reduces how much bright lights normally irritates my eyes, and helps to prevent getting a migraine. to be clear, i get some migraines when wearing these from time to time, but they still help in reducing light sensitivity and reducing chance of getting a migraine. i also like that it has the green part of the glasses on the side to protect light coming in from your peripheral vision. i wear them daily at work when staring the computer all day.
who does not like bath bombs? well clearly if you are on here you do and you are in the right place if you ask me. these bath bombs are great. they are a very nice generous size which means they last a nice long time giving you a nice longer experience while you enjoy your nice soaking bath. the fragrances these have are fantastic. i tend to be very picky when it comes to fragrances and love that this one has a huge variety  from citrus to flowers to plain vanilla.you get a total of 12 of these bath bombs for just over 20 which is a good deal in my eyes and well worth it. these come in a very nice box that also lends perfectly to gift these for the holidays but also for birthdays but really any occasion if you ask me. i will probably have to get these again when i am out. the only one i am not a fan of is eucalyptus mint, but that is because i just do not like that fragrance but it will come in handy when i have a cold or flu to clean up those sinuses.
i had not heard of dmannose and cranberry supplement until a few months ago when i was desperately seeking relief from utis every few months. i would been taking apple cider vinegar, cream of tartar, and baking soda, which works well, but takes too long.after the first sign of another uti, i took three of these for 5 days, and i stopped having any symptoms from day one. it never did turn into a fullblown uti. i have been taking one a day ever since.i am so thankful to have found this, as utis are so painful and irritating. it is nice to have something that will help keep them away. though this is a bit expensive, it works very well. i might look for a coupon or shop around when i run out, but i would absolutely recommend taking dmannose and cranberry supplements.
this is not moisturizing but just runny. do not waste your money and get the simple vaseline that we all know..
i agree with first reviewer. too thick does not appy easily, tends to stick to plastic tube applicator tip, not metal like muro 128. very bad product, not well formulated for humans. would not use on the dog, either.
this is a huge spatula.  i like that it is almost straight indeed i was hoping it would be completely straight up and down unlike a turner.  note the picture where i compare this wood spatula to my pink silicone and ss turner that is much more angular.  i wanted to have something with a firm base but a straighter design because a friend showed me that her straight up and down wooden spatula puts a lot less stress on the wrists when breaking up big batches of ground beef and shifting them around.  i tried to purchase a silicone head straight up and down spatula from le creuset, but for my intended use it was a waste of moneynot firm enough and with too narrow of a head.  i am really looking forward to using this instead.  i do wish that instructions for the proper care of the wood apart from not putting in the dishwasher were included, as i am unused to wooden implements.  also, there are a couple of slight indentations in the wood on the very bottom edge of the spatula; this may be customary in natural wood products, but i simply do not know if it is.  but other than that, i am pleased.potential customers may be interested to note that this is large, definitely larger than most turnersspatulas i have previously encountered, that the bottom is almost but not quite flatstraight across, and that the corners of the bottom curve in ever so slightly in addition to the slight angle of the mostlystraighton head.  it can be hard to tell details from pictures.  i received this item at a discount in exchange for leaving an unbiased review, and i count myself lucky, as i had basically been looking for precisely this item.
i used to give out homemade candy for my auxiliary ladies they were a hit
cannot taste this at all. i put it in my coffee in the morning when i remember  but i do like the fact that you can mix it with anything, stir and you are done. no after taste, is not in the bottom of your cup. would recommend..
exstreamly cheaply made
this is all new to me, what a wonderful extract i have used it for a week or so and i feel more energy and overall well being. i purchased this for a discount for my honest opinion.
i like these loofah soaps. these, however, seemed like the loofah was placed too close to the edge. in the past, they were in the middle of the soap bar. but i like the soap, the scents and the price. will try again.
worked great at first then stopped working right after return window was closed !
does a great job cleaning.
great item. good price. fast ship
i got this to mix with water to put magnolia leaves in per things i read.  it worked and the magnolia leaves are not brittle and work and look good in an arrangement.
strong electric motor. quality construction. works very well.
does no work at all! very disappointed. received it over the weekend and added some as directed but it was still slipping.  and to add, the wax got into one of my lens and now the lens is blurry and stained. so technically my glasses got messed up because of this product.
this was easy to swallow.  unfortunately, did nothing for me.
i also purchased this with a groupon and it is a piece of junk. it barely heats up at all and does very little to curl my lashes. wish i had not thrown the packaging and stuff away because i would return it if i could. i like my panasonic one much better, although you have to hold the switch down to get it to heat. i bought this one thinking it would heat while i was doing other things, which it does, it just does not curl very well.
as described. you cannot beat the price. i have used the big name brand ones and this brand does the job well.
not a lot to say because it is so simple, but it works perfectly well and is great for people with fobs or separate keys they need to get apart quickly.
elegant it is and heavy too, just a note to make sure the suction pad is tight before hanging the squeegee.  it hung best against the glass shower door, not so much on the wall.  besides its sleek look it functions pretty awesomely with its long length to cover a wide area and the rubber worked well to pull the moisture off the surface.  a good squeegee
they are adorable
i tried to remove baked on gunk on my cookie sheets but not very successful. these fell apart after use with a little elbow grease. will not buy again
did not feel much change in the fridge
i highly recommend this walk air purifier works extremely well specially if you have a small room
these are so stiff that it takes a lot of pressure to plunge the syringe. instead i end up losing some of the meds before my dogs and cats get their full doses. not great when you are trying to administer meds while holding a squirmy angry pet. plus they are literally single use. they get stuck after 1 use and cannot be used again.
great supplement. quality and quick and packaged well.
a little too high and deep for a neck pillow for me. but works great behind the knees or in front of my other orthopedic pillows to elevate my legs or to ease my spine. nicely made. no smell. soft at the very top, but firm at the core. very comfortable for knees and legs. wide enough for larger than average legs. although very large or very heavy legs may wear it out sooner.  i am a tall gal, big gal, with longer than average legs. it is holding up quite well for me after several months. nice zippered pillow case.  i am happy with it.  i hope they continue to manufacture these, because when this one wears out i will rebuy. if you sweat a lot you might want to cover it with a towel to make it last longer? this material breaks down in damp and humid air, hence it will get flatter sooner. so keep it dry.
this polisher did exactly what i wanted it to do
i have been purchasing and using eo lavender hand cleansing wipes for years.  eo products are the very best quality in overall product generation.  the lavender fragrance with essential oils is beyond amazing!  cannot say enough about how much i truly love and enjoy!
the photo showed a container with 32 onces of hydrogen peroxide but the description is for half of that.  the price is exorbitant if you only get half of what is shown in the photo.
sprayer does not work. very little comes out and difficultgets stuck when you press down to spray.
i admit, i bought these because i could not find my normal disposable wipes anywhere. i did not think i would be impressed, but in 2020  you make do. well, i am so pleasantly surprised with these. not only are they super soft, but they do the job well. thanks!
i tried this out right away on some wood handle knives we have.  absorbed in quick and really conditioned the very dry wood they go through to dishwasher which is horrible to do to any knife let a lone a wood handled.  seems to leave a finish on the wood that should work to protect it from water.  super easy to use and no bad odor.  love the food safe aspect and i am going to use this on the wooden cider press i have.  great product.
i bought this to keep with me on my recent trip to several asian countries. those countries are notorious for not providing soap in restrooms. this travel soap worked perfectly for my needs. i am incessantly needing to keep my hands clean and this helped my mild obsession. i also wear contact lenses and require clean hands for handling the contacts. i never got an eye infection, despite the questionable water supply. i will attribute that safety to the good soap i was using. buy it!
very comfortable hopefully will not have to use one again but it was a. great choice bevause you can pump it up to you are contour it inflates around ankle amd shin area !!!!
i wish they were different grades of courseness, but these are all the same and a little too course. but ok.
i really like this jewelry organizer. it has lots of compartments for all my bracelets to fit securely. it has some zippered pockets too. i cannot wait to travel with it!
this ice pack works on small area like my hand..but comes out of the freezer very hard. i need to wait a while for it to soften and be more comfortable. but i do like that it is not bulky or difficult for me to hold.
if you must save on space, consider these laundry soap sheets.  i will be honest, though... hotel bar soap and baby wash made my clothes smell and therefor feel cleaner to me when doing laundry in the sink.  the soap sheets were easier to rinse out than the alternatives, but i do appreciate a good sudsing.  one time during our trip i ended up with a shirt so stinky after one day on a train... and i am not a stinky woman usually! that these sheets made the shirt a lost because.  i will blame it on the turkish food, but man, these things could not keep up.  i ended up trying a combination of hand sanitizer, bar soap, this stuff, and downy spray, but the initial wash seemed to 34;set34; the stink.
neat concept, but the design still needs work. when working properly it is convenient to have the capability to store snacks in one side or water and a preintraworkout. it is, however, not without flaw.leaking i have one of the older versions of this shaker and noted leaking as a main issue. this was supposed to have been one of the areas of improvement on newer models, but it is still not perfect yet.durability 1 drop from no more than 2 feet rendered the shaker useless
this is the best bum cleaner ever!i am a big girl and gained a bit more weight during the pandemic and started having issues reaching to clean my bum in the shower. it was not pretty, let me yell you.i did some searching and comparing and settled on the butt scrubber.i handle is long, the yellow head is made of some type of silicone and very sturdy.i got in the shower and soaped it up and got to work and trust me, this device gets in there and cleans everything. my cheeks are tight so wrapping a towel around the head is out of the question. my bum is much cleaner these dayswhen i am finished i soap it up, rinse and place it upside down in a container solution of white vinegar and water and let it soak for a while.trust me, your bum will thank you for it.
i cannot smell this but for just a micro second after spraying it.  it initially has a little bit of a bleach smell but then nothing.  i sprayed some in my daughter's really stinky running shoes and it helped a lot.  i could use this in a gallon size since we have pets and stinky tennis shoes.  it seems to work as advertised so unless it stops working i think it deserves 5 stars.
fine quality! tasty broth. if you have been consuming bone broth, the price and the quality do correlate. this is topshelf.much better than  expected
still taking and evaluating
this product is far superior for sweaters and bras.
great compression stockings. my mom loves them and the quality is really good. they do not run easily.
i am a true believer in the red light therapy camp. i have had excellent results myself and have seen the same on others. that being said, i have a bad neck and was hoping this would be flexible enough to use there and hopefully improve it. it does the job but is really hard to get it into place. it is easier on my shoulder or leg but i wish it was curved in shape for where i need it. i will definitely use this but am still in search of.....
got it yesterday, i am so delighted with this product. i have kind of fine hair. after my hair was washed and dried. within minutes as a first time user, my hair looked professionally done. totally excellent, certainly worth the money. i am usually not handy with my kinky curly hair. and i dread washing as i will have to fix it again. to look presentable i would give this a 10 star if i could
this is the most yumm and perfect chocolatebeet powder.  i use it in baking.  it is the only way that i can get my grankids to eat beets. i use it in red velvet deserts too with red gel coloring for extra brightness.  this has a great taste on its own even though it has a bitter quality but that is part of the life of brilliant untreated chocolate.  it blends into hot cocoa, cream cheese, batters, whipped cream and when i whip cream into butter for a different spin on things and at that point, i will add coconut sugar that has been finely ground into the whip as well to work on bringing sweetness. there really is no limit to creation with this product... i am going to need to get more.
i like vegetables but sometimes need to fix things quick with less mess and these steamer bags are great.  the food tastes real and not like cooked in a microwave.  no mess.  just toss the bag when done.  great.
i did not order this for myself but the individual who is using the smelling salts has been very happy with the results. i have been told this is how smelling salts should be. so, on her behalf, i highly recommend to those looking for a good smelling salt.
i was skeptical about buying this but i am so glad i did. it absolutely works. no more itchy mosquito bites. instantly gets rid of symptoms right after use.
its ok but you can use your fingers and it does the same.
this is really helpful for trigeminal neuralgia as well as aids with seasonal hay fever.  i try to keep some on hand all the time and use it as needed.
this is a great supplement for neuropathy. i was experiencing neuropathy symptoms, and after taking this product i have been feeling better. the symptoms are subsiding. i am taking two tablets daily and it works perfect for me. i feel more energetic, i do not get so often the burning and tingling sensation. also, it is helping me with the pain. i am looking forward for long term results, at the moment it is working for me. i am feeling better.i received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
as an older person, i wanted to correct my posture so ordered this after trying another brand without being satisfied with it.  it was easy to put on and adjust.  after a while, i forgot i had it on as it was quite comfortable.  i have not had any pain but, day by day, i can feel it holding my spine better erect.  i will continue to wear it for a while each day until i have reached my goal.  i even like the pretty pink color.
if your an active person this cover tape is what you may be looking for, tape provides for a secure attachment of your sensor.
i received this item very quickly. that said, it comes with absolutely no directions...not even the picture that you see on the web page, it arrives in a clear plastic type bag...but nothing else. it takes some real getting used to once you put it on. it is better than a cpap, but if you are sensitive to having something on your face, this will cause you issues. as for snoring, i have been told that it has lessened my snoring somewhat, but it has not eliminated it.
this olive oil looks good, smells good and tastes like high quality extra virgin olive oil. took off a star because i do not know if this is a reputable company for something i will be consuming. also, costco is known to have some of the highest quality organic evoo, so i usually just buy that.
these have and excellent mix of fragrances with strong scents that are great for aromatherapy. one or two did smell a little like alcohol, which makes me wonder about additives, as well as the fact that both rose and jasmine have their fragrances removed through water soluble methods more often than oil or fat soluble ones, so i also wonder if those are real. but i do not really care too much, so whatever. smells good. its not like i am eating it or anything.
i love the product
very nice product.  we got it to use for an art project and i really do not know the other uses for it. lotions maybe?  it seems to be very high quality.  we only used a small amount, so there is plenty left for next year, and the price was excellent compared to small bottles sold locally.
this fish oil has a pleasant, light orange taste.  i will repurchase it!
these steamer bags are a great way to get your veggies in.  i had bought the ziploc brand before for a lot more money but these are just as good quality and much less expensive
though the gray color put me off at first, the results were greatsoft, shiny hair. the smell is strong, but it  reminds me of a spa that uses a lot of natural products and i like it.
great relief for my knee when i have the occasional stiffness. from time to time, i have a knee tightness that prevents me from walking straight. it normally goes away after 2 days but it is a pain to walk and drag one leg. the compression is just enough to make me walk and not strain too much.
love how much curl it gives my lashes and they stay curled until i wash my face.  the rotating wand is weird, or maybe i am.  cannot figure out how or why to use it.  also turning the rotating wand on and off takes a few tries.  overall, love the product!
absolutely love this! i have bought so many curling irons and ended up throwing themout because they do not get hot enough to curl my hair. this definitely does the job! i got the perfect curls with this and i just received the item yesterday curled my hair for a photoshoot with my son. i have a lot of hair and thick hair and i did not have a hard time what so ever. highly recommend. also got here right on time
i think these latexfree gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. they are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. i have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but i will be wearing these from now on. i do not think i am allergic to latex but i used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe i am. these latexfree gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
during the cold months of winter it is nice to use a furniture polish which shines up all your wood desks, bookcases and tables. i love endust because it makes wood glow with natural beauty and keeps dust at bay for at least a while until you can dust again. i like that this leaves no greasy or oily residue. it wipes off clean. the scent is pleasant too and that makes cleaning more fun. i find it works best to spray the cleaner onto a clean rag, that way there is not over spraying.the rebecca review
bought this for my sister to improve her grip strength. she loves it and it is adorable too
very soft. works great
its  smells like my hair is always burning and the plates  do not seem to keep my hair straight  for more then a few hours
this smells so good and really does help detangle and defrizz my toddler's hair.  we like it!
it is difficult  to hold especially  when the suds hit you are hands this needs to be a lil smaller but its not hard on the sclap
reviews for first aid products like this are more passfail than 15 stars. the product packaging will hold up and keep the tube sterile. the tube itself appears to be well made. so yes, i can recommend purchase for your first aid kit. pass.
how can i describe my exhaustive search for an applicator bottle for my hair oils that has a long tip so that you can part hair with it?? hair color applicator bottles are expenive!! and i just did not want to pay that price anymore. i want a nicely organized beauty closet so i was searching for applicator bottles to store my hair oils to ensure they do not spill over, and have the long tip to make partings in my hair!  sooo glad i found this bottle. i will be ordering more to put each type of natural oil in them and will look nice in my closet. really happy with this purchase. the bottle is soft and squeezable, and you have to cut the tip off to make an opening. it is also the right size, not too tiny like what is in a craft store and not too big like many hair coloring bottles. just perfect!! i can see the value of storing your crafting liquids in this, and consider it for your beauty needs too!  really happy
i have been taking apple cider vinegar with mother gummies for years. this brand has more than just apple cider vinegar. it also comes with b vitamins and other ingredients.
i prefer the nasopure system kit for sinus irrigation because i can control the flow and the nozzle tip forms a better seal with my nostril than traditional ceramic neti pots. the buffered salt solution is less likely to cause any irritation and it is premeasured. easy peasy, just mix and apply a light squeazy.the neti pot has been around for hundreds of years, and when used properly it is the safest and most effective remedy to clear my stuffy sinuses and help relieve postnasal drip. i cannot use the over the counter sinus meds because some make me drowsy and others give me palpitations.please read1. the most important rule to remember, and this is not optional, is to never use tap water under any circumstances. if you must use tap water let it boil for just over a minute or san and allow it to cool to room temperature before using.  distilled sterile water is recommended and you can buy it in the grocery store.2. if you are unfamiliar with the proper technique for using a neti pot there are many instructional videos on youtube. this should be a safe and relatively comfortable experience.3. clean the netipot after every use. and let air dry.please follow ollow the instructions and read recommendations on the fda's website to ensure safe use and you are good to go. if you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let amazon know. thank you so much
while this product might not be for everyone, for my situation, it is fabulous.i have to watch every drop of water i use. each of these generously sized mitts is in its own individual pouch. as opposed to the more common dry mitts or cleansing towels that you add water to, these are presaturated with a soapy smelling solution that cleans every inch of your body.a quick rinse, and you are done. with almost no water usage.this would be great for campers as well.
i am very happy with this set! all four items came individually wrapped and they are all pretty nice quality, especially given the price for all of them. there were a couple loose stitches here and there but nothing major.the glove has a cute pattern and a hole on each side of the bottom so it stays on your hand. the loofah side feels nice and the exfoliating side actually works. it makes my skin feel noticeably smoother after just one use but it is not so rough it causes discomfort on my very sensitive skin. the back loofah is especially nice and the material is very soft. the regular loofah works very well and i actually had to start using less body wash on it because it works up ample lather with just a small amount. they all have handles to hang them up to dry. overall i am happy with this purchase.
i bought these to dress up my fence. they look really great! i have put different flowers and plants in them and they look really awesome on my fence.
we had a couples baby shower and this game was part of the fun! both the boys and the girls wanted to try to get their sperm directly on the egg.
love this heated eyelash curler, has 3 heat settings. it does get hot. its chargeable which is great and comes with extra styling tools. with it hade a case or pouch to carry it all.
this gel knee support comes in handy when i have a weak knee.  periodically, my knee tends to give out.  with this, i feel much more support to the area.  this is a nice, quality support with gel padding on the front where the front of the knee is.the material is strong,  and most important breathable.  oftentimes, if you do not have breathing material, it can become tight and sweaty.  there is no opening, just slip if through the food.  i can do this while exercising, because staying in place is important.check the sizes for sure before you order.  mine is the xlarge, and i am not large, but the tightness is fine.  maybe i should have received a smaller one, but  right now this one works.nice support.  good quality fit.....  review for gel knee support
i use this as my daily probiotic about a quarter cup a day and it has a wonderful taste.  i would recommend to anyone.
so we called this my husband's leg condom.  due to an infection he had his prosthetic knee replacement removed and then six weeks later a new prosthetic knee implanted.  this allowed him to shower with his leg restraint on, without worry of contaminating the incision, or getting his dressings wet.  it looks really weird at first with the whole disc thing, but it does work and is long enough for even a tall guy to use.  it is tight, so do not expect to wear it for a long twenty minute shower.  highly recommend.
people take curcumin for the antiinflammation benefit. i do not personally notice anything from taking a lot of curcumin from many companies. considering the relatively high price for curcumin, i would like there to be a more noticeable benefit.i measure two pills having 1330 mg of powder in them, which is close to what i expect from the claimed 1310mg of ingredients. it means these capsules have minimal to no fillers, which is what they advertise.you are after the curcumin, not the turmeric, so the 100mg of turmeric extract is the important number when price comparing. the current price is 13 for 90 pills, which 1.44gram. the 90pill bottle is 0.94gram. the now brand 60 pill bottle costs 0.33gram. the doctors best 120 pill bottle is 0.34gram. nothing about this bleaf nature curcumin would suggest that it is a better product that is worth such a price premium over the established reputable brands.you can buy tumeric root at the grocery store if that is what you want. tumeric is too bulky relative to the active compounds for it to be a good supplement. instead, focus on supplements that contain just the curcumin extract, and ones that contain more of the desired extract than what is in this pill.made in the usa in gmp certified facility.
its honestly so cute, i love it! i used 7 slots for daily supplements and i use the 8th slot for tylenol!
these are not the quality of others i have bought directly from local pharmacy stores.  they will not clean in the earonly around the entrance to the ear canal
perfect as an addition to a raffle basket with a sleep theme
this brush has pretty firm bristles, almost too firm  i am afraid sometimes that i might break the skin of more tender items, like tomatoes. although the ring is nice for grabbing, it would be easier to use if the bristle area was straight.
spirulina powder is kind of one of those trendy health supplements right now, so i am not surprised by the price, especially for an organic product.easy to add into green smoothies and such, if you do not put a crazy amount, the flavor is pretty easily hidden, not bad!
i used to drink those ice smoothies at target, as a kid. taste brings back memories! quality is decent for getting a pump.
baggy, did not fit properly, middle finger was tiny, which is your longest finger.  sent back
it did not really help keep my glasses up and wore off after a short while.  it may work for people with different shaped noses, i think glasses have a harder time staying on mine.
very impressed with this item well worth the price
best product on the market for cleaning!  i am so glad i discovered these.  i use them to clean my tile floor, bathtub, refrigerator, counter tops etc.  they clean so well you do not really need to use much cleaning solution. if you have not tried these, you should.
i used it as a roller!!
i bought a package of two because i was trying to approximate the facia blaster not available on amazon at this time and hoped this would work just as well.  probably would have been workable except for two things... the octopus top has a face and the nose part of the face is pokey when you are grabbing the top and trying to 34;blast34; your facia with it.  also i had only been working for about 5 minutes when the top of the first one unscrewed and when i tried to screw it back on again these are two piece massagers that you screw the top handle part onto the bottom fingers part it was stripped and would just spin in a circle and come off again.  could'nt be secured in place.  if this were a solid single piece construction and a smooth knob for the top it would have been a great option for facia blasting.  i think i will just end up buying the actual facia blaster.update  i had been giving up trying to approximate the facia blaster and was about to buy the product but i had been hearing from youtube reviews that it was taking a long time to arrive and i did not want to stop efforts to blast while waiting waiting waiting.  i found a diy facia blaster online and decided to make one and these little guys are just the ticket.  hooray.  here is a link to the diy project tutorialhttpwww.wellnessgeeky.comhomemadefasciablasteralternativediy
i use these every christmas. i used to have a whole bunch of holders and i cannot find them. was happy to find a kit with 2 holders and 5 scenters. a little pricey for my taste but the scent has held up pretty well. normally they last about 34 days and then your nose gets used to it.
i liked the aroma while opening the box of shower steamers but in the shower they gave a light scent. i could smell it in the shower but wish it was a little stronger of a scent. i did like the scent so it was pleasant.update i wanted to update my review a s state that depending on the scent, you may have more pleasant aromas!  i used another scent out of the pack and it smelled great and had my bathroom smelling like it. i think some scents are lighter than others.
worked out as exspected
i have reordered many times, fast shipping and comfortable.
i cannot imagine putting this in my eyes, even if it was diluted. felt like pure cayenne pepper in my mouth
wow! i can tell my hair and nails are growing out thicker and stronger and i have only been using this for about 2 weeks. it might take you a while to take these if you have trouble taking pills because the serving size is 6 pills. i can take 10 pills at once so it is no issue for me. i understand that this supplement is made from whole foods, so it makes sense the serving size is more that one pill. you want to make sure it works and it does!
i got these to replace the pad on my libman spray mop and these work great. they fit well on the head and are secure on the unit. the best thing is when these get dirty i have a replacement while the other is being washed.
good quality flights and good thickness.  wife wanted them and she really likes the way they look.
they work, for the price, cannot beat them!
creatine monohydrate is the most affordable form of creatine. this is also micronized creatine so it dissolves better. this dissolves almost instantly in water  i stir it a bit with a spoon. the taste of this creatine is almost completely neutral so it blends into any drink. the recommendation is to stir this into water, non acidic juice or a carbohydrate drink. the benefits of drinking creatine is that it helps you increase your energy so you can have more strength and endurance when lifting weights.the rebecca review
got them for both of my girls and they love it.
i think the use of noise cancelling is a little lost in translation but otherwise these were great and came in really handy.  when i travel and am in a secured place it is nice to be able to block out all the noise and get some good rest.  these did an excellent job.  i also used them when going to the shooting range and they worked great there also.  having the different sizes meant i had an extra pair to give to someone that did not have proper ear protection at the range. the hard carrying case is great to have as well or i would have lost them a long time ago.to be noise cancelling they would have to produce a counter noise, so the use of that term is incorrect but they do block out a good amount of sound.  i was very happy with them and had no problems with them at all.
i am highly disappointed! i have never taken hair growth vitamins but since doing the because not once but twice in the last 4 years of going natural i did extensive research looking for hair growth vitamins that contained everyrhing i would need for healthy hair. i heard great things about hairfinity but decided dasgro had everything my hair needs to grow.now let me say this i love the product and wanted to wait till i was done with my second bottle before leaving a review...reason for the 2 stars?i never received my second bottle, yet everyday i am receiving text messages from the carrier,  will be delivered today i had yet received it and when it comes to any type of supplement i like to stay consistent. sadly i had to spend more money and purchase hairfinity went to the beauty supply store  hopefully it works just as good as dasgro..
pumpkin seed oil is a culinary specilty that is also often found in food supplements. it is a more readily available form of pumpkin seeds which are presumed to treat bladder irritation, kidney infections, intestinal worms, and trouble urinating due to benign prostatic hyperplasia bph. my dad is in his 60s has started to develop prostate difficulties.i advised for him to take pumpkin seed oil capsules and he says that urination is much easier and clinically there are no concerns from his doctor.
i think the frequency works for all pests. i do not hear sny more scratching near the attic above my bed, but i rarely used the night light and it turns on and then immediately off. i have bought 3 and it all does that so glad that the unit itself still works, perhaps an led bulb for longetivity.
works just fine for me. clear instructions, plenty of refills, comes with several preset so you do not have to immediately place the filters in the frames.
yum!!  smells really good!  very subtle
i use these in my halo mask! they are comfy, i can breathe!
this big set of shoe inserts has everything you need to make any shoe comfortable.  it is very handy.
perfect for whay i have used it for . i thought i had kidney stones . worked well
i often find myself using my less accurate notouch forehead thermometer to avoid dealing with the sterilization process following the use of an oral thermometer these digital thermometer sleeves work great and about the only issue i have encountered was removing it from its protective packaging without dealing with extra pieces of plastic.
there is not much to describe. it is a simple product and i received exactly what i wanted.
i mean, yeah, it makes it convenient. it is a complete mineral profile. i like that about it. but sadly, it uses inferior forms of some minerals. they used calcium carbonate, which is one of the most poorly absorbed calciums citrate is what you want, as well as magnesium oxide, which is also poorly absorbed  you want malate or gycinate. that made me a bit disappointed in this product. it is not too hard to swallow and goes down easy, but in the end...it is not the best.
extra fluffy when new and dry, but not so much once wet. not as good as the original mop heads but still good for the money.
it does what is says it will do removes hair painlessly.  it does take significant amount of time rubbing it in a circular motion to remove the hair, but it does eventually remove the hair and it does not hurt at all, unlike waxing or using an epilator.  your skin is exfoliated in the process so it is really smooth afterwards.  i was able to do one half of my leg from the knee down, on the front, before my arm got too tired so i will do a little each day after my shower until it is all done.bonus it also works on facial hair that i normally get a wax treatment for.  i was looking at my lady lip hairs and it reminded me that i need to make an appointment for a wax treatment, then saw this device sitting on the bathroom counter and had a lightbulb moment...would this work on my little bit of random lip hair???  i had just washed my face so i gave it a try and it worked!  again, the exfoliation left my skin feeling smooth and soft, and no little hairs needing to either be plucked or waxed.  because of this along i have upgraded it from 4 stars to 5 stars, now i do not need to schedule a wax appointment and have my upper lip swollen and red all day after the waxing like it usually is.  i had no irritation at all from this device.  saying goodbye to my every couple of weeks painful waxing appointments!i had my doubts that it would work, or if it did remove the hair it would have my sensitive skin very irritated, but i was wrong on both parts.  it worked and my skin was not harmed at all.  kind of a cool device. and cost less than a single waxing appointment too!
i really cannot believe how good this fish oil tastes.  i am not sure how they get it to taste this great, i am just glad they do.
shipping took a bit longer than expected. good price and value.
have a hole in your tooth from a crown falling out? it works.
this my second brush i purchased but this brush takes too long to heat up and i had the temp on 450
this is a huge urinal for women. nothing discreet about this thing. i am not going to take it with me at all  i would rather go in the great outdoors instead.
not much to say other than these were the size and color i needed
needs smoothed hole edges but i can do that easily myself in a few minutes.
these glasses seem to be a wireeh style.  they can get easily crushed in man pockets.  so i am not sure.  the frame is too lightweight and lacks the comfort at the ear piece and nose piece.  i wanted wider fitting for my big head.  so, these were good for that purpose.  yet, when they are on, and i am looking thru the glasses, i can see the glass frame edges all the time.  i since bought another style glasses.  and now, use these as spares, around the house. yes, they fit around my big head nicely. no, the lenses are smaller than comfort nose piece is flimsy entire glass frame is flimsy
this raveler sleep mask for woman and man, contoured, with ear plugs is good at blocking out light, but let us some light in at the nose area.  this is because the nose area is preshaped like the nose area in a halloween eye mask, so that the sleep mask does not lie completely flat against the nose.sleep masks designed with padded fabric across the lower edge of the mask below the eyes and across the nose do a more complete job of blocking out light see, e.g., .  however, this sleep mask, which comes with a set of rubber ear plugs, gives good value for the price less than 6 on amazon.  it also has a very wide and comfortable elastic band for holding the mask in place while you sleep.
the band i received from withit was the molded style not decal and is amazing!  i get tons of compliments on it.  it fits my pebble time perfectly.  the colors are exactly as pictured.  it matches pretty much everything.  highly recommend.
pros great size, good temp control 7 levels, very softcon only one; you can feel the heat wires when you hold it. if you are laying on it, you cannot tell.
i am completely new to gua sha techniques, so i thought this roller set would be a good entry point and for the most part, it is! if you are looking for a set that will allow you to learn the techniques at a good and reasonable price point, then try these and upgrade to stainless or real jade at some point in the future.my big gripe about these is that they do feel a little cheap. i am not entirely sure that it is real jade, and when the roller arrived the larger roller was popped out of place and i had to pop it back in there, but it feels really really insecure in there now. if the packaging was better, this might not have happened. that is okay though, because i really just wanted the handsculpting too so i can live with the roller not being great. if you are buying this for the roller, i would look elsewhere. otherwise, i would recommend this set as a beginnerentry level piece.
great for bugbites and muscle painsspasms.every home medicine cabinet should have in stock!
perfect for summer outdoor parties and weddings!
delivers the needed calories with a great chocolate taste!
i was looking forward to getting this product for review i received a discount because i have had tinnitus for nearly 25 years. because i have lived with it for so long, i am not surprised that this supplement was not effective in my case. in fact, i would have been shocked if it had been!i will continue talking these and i will update my review if i notice a difference.
this item is not as good as advertised. i read the research paper the product is based on and the statistics looked decent but i am not one of the people this product worked a miracle on. i am back to the old acid blockers. this product is worth a try but after one bottle if you feel no improvement do not waste your money on another one.
i love this set  definitely will be purchasing more in the future! this set has everything you need to smooth  shape the nails. i highly recommend!
collagen is a part of my daily routine, usually in coffee, since coffee is part of my daily routine.each packet has 35 calories and 9 g of protein, all from cow collagen peptides.unflavored, so nothing to interfere or overly sweeten.pricier than similar collagens, and the serving size is larger than some others as well.still, these are convenient packets for on the go. the packets are thoughtfully designed, very easy to open. no scissors needed.
this saved me money compared to the disposable pads that the pups like to tear apart.
taste went away almost immediately. everyone i shared it with said the same exact thing. i am not sure if stevia gum can be done, but this product certainly has not cracked the code yet.
i have used a few tens units in the past and can state that this might be the most powerful one i have used though this power comes at the cost a shorter battery life. it worked for about 30 minutes out of the box though and when fully charged i got a few hours.this tens unit charges fairly quickly and provides muscle tensionpain relief so i definitely recommend this device.just a reminder though that there are warnings online to not place the pads near your heart so i would advise not using it on your torso or spinal cord.
i am using these along with a scooter while i recover from a broken ankle.  i have arthritis in my shoulders so i this style of crutch works better for me balancing the pressure better for me.  these are reasonably priced but still good quality.
i will keep them, because i could can cut a piece of soft fabric moleskin ? to line with first, but in my opinion this cushion is worse on the sores than the furniture it is protecting against.  it is not a soft gel cushion.  its more like the scratchy styrofoam peanuts used in packaging  but thicker. maybe i can find a gel pad to line it with. i have it two stars because i like the netted sleeve.  for az heat that is ideal. so, it has some value to me and  not worth returning. but not soft enough to use for bed sores that is for sure!!!
it is a bit of a mess of cords and such, but it makes the flight box wonderful to use compared to batteries. i do not even use the batteries any more unless i am mobile. very nice. using it lightly for 3 months, no problems or breaks so far.
this is a great battery. it works exactly as you would expect it to. so far it has provided us with a long life and it works great. i am very happy with it!
i have always liked the cleaning job mr. clean erasers did, but i hated the thin pads that wore away quickly and shredded. these pads are amazing. they do not shred into small pieces , and they scrub hard , dried messes. love them for baseboard cleaning and quick wipe downs of nasty messes.
i like the oval shape, its good for working in between the scapula and spine.
i am really pleased that this product came up on my list of items i can review. when i saw it i instantly selected it because i know that chlorella is an excellent green superfood. i love superfoods and consume them often. this one is just chlorella with no spirulina added, but if you want both in a capsule it is easy to find here on amazon. if it is only chlorella you are interested in this is a great way to take it. i like both the powdered and capsule forms. i like the powder for my smoothies but sometimes i do not want a smoothie and the capsules are a great alternative. i always feel better and more energized when i consume green superfoods. they have a lot of nutrition and naturally occurring minerals. there is nothing negative i can find to say about this product.
i really love these sponges. i hope they never stop making them.
soft, comfortable, and stays warm when heated.  highly recommended!
these are helpful and do not rub off. i forget they are on.
fractionated coconut oil is good for making homemade soaps and beauty products but it is less potent for hair and body care use  i find the formula thinner but the trade off is that it is not as greasy and you can still use it for moisturizing your hair and skin without that greasy coconut oil feeling which stains too!. i have both kinds of oil  the real unprocessed kind for massaging into my hair, hands and nails, and this kind, which is versatile but lacks the smell of coconut but is good as a "carrier" oil. both have their uses and this product is of decent quality  i would just go by price because i do not see any discernible difference between this one and other similarly priced brands of fractionated oil.
works well,stays closed
this product is very thin. if you are looking for something thin this is the way to go.
great scissors, but a little small for a man's hands. hey, who said nurse means woman's size?
smells better than bonce
my only complaint with these molds is the size. two millimeters is too small for an effective dose  the 2 trays should come in a 5ml  10ml size. other than that, these are spoton! i would never made suppositories before  was afraid the caps on the bottom would be hard to remove from the directions they came with. but the caps pull off easily, no twisting needed. the pipettes make it easy to fill the molds without any overflow use the pipettes once then toss them. and the individual molds  caps are easy to clean with a qtip dipped in alcohol. definitely store your supps in the fridge once you make them  stick them in the freezer for 10 min. right before using them to prolong the melting time. this kit costs more than a 10pk. of natural, plantbased supps that you will find online, but it let us you make as many as you need, based on whatever formula suits your ailment. good stuff!
no more problems with hats being a little too tight. fixed 3 ball caps so far. love it!
love this little thing.  i had a moldy smell in my bathroom.  getting ready to renovate but until then bought this to help with smell and toxins.  after about 3 days the smell was completely gone.  amazing.  quiet little fan which is not annoying.
could not be happier with this purchase!  colonics have literally saved my life! i was diagnosed with a pelvic floor dysfunction which led me to the inability to have a bowel movement on my own. and that, undoubtily,  led to all sorts of problems, health issues and diseases autoimmune lupus chronic fatigue epstein barr hypo thyroid hatchimotos sp? fibermyelgia  ... prior to this, i was extremely healthy!  my career was in fitness. but after years of major constipation at least 30 yrs, my 34;then34; healthy body could not fight off the toxins anymore.  i became so toxic and sick.  there were days i could hardly get out of bed, but when i did  all i could think about was when i could lay back down and take a nap again.i am a mom of a young family.  this unhealthiness was unacceptable, buy i was clueless regarding what i could do about it.  so i decided to doctor at the world famous mayo clinic, with the best docs in the world!!  after months and months of tests, the only thing they could come up with was to remove my colon and live with a colostomy bag the rest of my life!!!  i was so depressed, but did not believe i had any other choice.  right before my surgery, my husband suggested i go see a naturalpathic doctor to see if they could help me in any way. they chose to take me on as their most challenging, constipated patient client.  a big part of regaining my health was getting professional colonics. do you know how expensive those things are? between 60100!!!  i was getting one a week for 18 months yes, that is how impacted i was. i knew this could not continue doing this as who can afford a lifestyle of this? i sure could not on my income. my extended family felt so badly for me, they would gift me with a colonic a month, just to help me out , when they could.  but i was still paying thousands out of my own pocket to continue this major cleanse i needed.  i thought i would eventually have to just give in and use the 34;bag34; as it was more 34;affordable34;!  that is when i found out about this colonic board! best info i have ever received!!  changed my life!!  i ordered it immediately, it came in the mail that week, and i set it up very simple and went right to work.  during my first colonic, while using it  i had tears in my eyes.  it worked!!! what an answer to prayer.  no more having to pay for all those professional colonics.  on a side note, i just finished a radical 8day detox cleanse, and using my colonic board daily was a big part of that .  i now feel better than i have in years! i am not kidding.  i lost my bloated weight, i have got never ending energy,, my body nor my joints hurt anymore, i cannot wait to get out of bed in the mornings, i am happier ... no longer depressed, etc.  i am forever grateful to my new colonic board that has given me back not only my health, but my life!ps  just to warn you, i have never met a 'western' medical doctor who has approved of this practice, so do not expect them to be jumping up and down on your newfound discovery with you. but at the same time, i have never met a doctor  nor any person, who had as bad of a chronic constipation problem as i had.
we have a big variety of probiotics that we rotate and use daily.  this one has a very impressive label.  now, i have no way to test any of these claims, so i just have to believe them.  this one gives more capsules for less money than many others, allthewhile giving lots of cfu's.not long before the covid19 outbreak, i had to take another round of antibiotics.  since this wipes out all of the good bacteria in my intestines, i stocked up on several different pre  probiotics.  my thoughts are that different brands may have different types of good bacteria.after about two weeks of some serious probiotic dosages, which was also in the middle of the covid19 outbreak, i got sick.  i had a fever, cough, and shortness of breath.  it really started to worry me.  it only lasted two days and was gone.  i have no proof but i am going to say that my pre and probiotics kept me from getting much sicker and also shortened the duration of my illness.
this does wonders for its size! my bf and i both have extremely bad allergies, especially during season changes. this helped us to get amazing sleep without stuffed noses ever since i got it! it takes about a day to sanitize the air i have it in an 15x10 room, also my guinea pigs were have allergy problems but after about a week of having this in my room the guinea pigs cage is in myroom their allergies cleared up and saved me from a huge pricey vet bill! i will be buying another soon for my cat room!
the brand seems to have changed names twice since i have been using it and the new packaging is the same bottle they have always used but now it is also placed in a sealed heavy plastic bag...very, very wasteful and such a poor use of plastic for a company putting out 'organic' items especially. they already had a seal on the bottle and the cap is wrapped in a plastic band so the bag is truly wasteful. also, i believe the mg in each bottle has changed at least twice...i believe 3 times...just seems sketchy since it was not advertised to have changed, i only knew by reading the package.  that said, it seems to work perfectly well, i just may start looking for another brand that gives me more confidence and less waste.
saw this on insta and immediately bought thru amazon prime.better  but it is terrible  poor qualitypoor instructions and flimsy cord for charging. it took forever to heat up and i was terrified that it would tangle my hair. i did not have to worry because it would not wind fully.i returned and treated myself to a curling iron..sometimes old school is still the best!
excellent product for hair that will not lie flat.  i have been using tancho tique for more than 50 years.
this pill box is pretty big, but it has to be to hold 31 days of medication.  the daily  pill containers are not huge, but the individual compartments will hold the six pills i take once a day, and few pills two more times a day.  the pill splitter is a nice addition also.  my wife is traveling for a month and she was worried i would not take the right medicine while she was gone.  now she can fill this pill box up for a month.  it is just he right pill box for my situation.  glad i found it on amazon, i was going to buy several small pill boxes.  the quality is good enough and should last a few years.
got this for photo and video shoots where 34;wardrobe malfunctions34; cannot happen without requiring reshooting.  the only thing that will hold outfits in place tighter and not take skin off is doublesided wig tape, but it is tough to conceal the tape outline if the fabric is thin.  this is in the middle of the spectrum between heavy duty 34;stickum34; sprays and the wig tape.four stars instead of 5 because the applicator tip is less than ideal.  this product used to come packaged like a 34;glue stick34; which seemed to be less messy than the applicator tip that come on this one.
seems good quality
comfortable and absorbent
strong motor easy to use
perfect! very nice, exactly what i expected great price!
i have been taking 10,000 mcg biotin supplements daily for many years to help with hair and nail health. this vita mountain product has calcium in it as well, and i am not sure why they added that ingredient. as far as quality, i have no reason to score this less than five stars. for actual purchasing, i would go with whatever is cheapest, which is often natrol or nutricost. i am unaware of any notable differences between the brands.
this is useful and seems durable. it is replacing a similar cane i bought a year ago, which bent, but that was a different design for the leg and seemed less durable. i hope this one will last. i use a different cane in the summer but find it useful to have a light on the cane in the winter when i have to see ice and snow to walk. the flashing red light is very useful for crossing the street at night. the alarm might not seem like a great idea but let us be honest; there are people who attack cripples and i ended up needing the alarm only 2 days after i got the cane when i was randomly attacked near my home.i get a lot of compliments on it from people who are impressed with the idea of a cane with lights built in.
this is one of the best cheap beauty tool that is on the market right now! it is very affordable and within the budget. it is a no frills device, just place it in the refrigirator and it actually works! it is alao portable and can be brought during travel! what i love about this is that it also has a container which protects it from bacteria while in the ref! it is very helpful in giving relief against sinus pressure. also, it instantly lifts and freshens up a tired face! the only reason why i did not give 5 stars is that i find it cost more than similar products in the market now. recommending it though!
very sturdy, great price. everyone at the wedding was jealous, as they were all sinking in the mud
good quality sweet almond.
in my house we have a sock monster who eats only one sock of every pair.  then there is the mess monster.  he leaves a mess that no one knows anything about.  we also have another monster which has been frustrating me  the dustpan monster.  this monster not only makes dustpans disappear for months at a time, but when they come back, they have bites out of them or corners missing.  when i saw this, i was ecstatic.  let us take a look.what is this set like?this set comes in a box of parts.  you have to put them together, but the instructions are easy to follow and loaded with pictures for those who are visual learners.  once the set is assembled, you end up with a broom and a dustpan that clip together when not in use.how does this perform?i have to say many brooms have left me wanting more.  this one, however, works just right.  it is not the best broom i have ever used, but it is definitely way better than many of them.  the cleaning feature of the dustpan is fantastic.  it really works.does the dustpan leave dirt on the floor?if i press down the dustpan lightly, i find that 95 of the dirt goes in the first time.  i might have to press down with my foot for very fine dirt, but for the most part, it works well.does the dustpan lock?the dustpan locks into place, but it also is not hard to press down to use either.  there is no release button, it is pressure activated.is there a hole to hang this from?no, there is not a hole to hang this from.  you will have to use a clip broom hanger style to put this on the wall.does this stand up?when this is put together and the dustpan is up, the counterbalance of the broom causes this to stand up pretty well.the bottom linei am very happy to have this set.  i love the dustpan which seems to work quite well and also has the great cleaning feature for the broom bristles.  it definitely does clean off pet fur and dust.my ratingfive stars.  i love this set.  i have looked for a long time for a set like this but the best part is that it stores well and stands up nicely too it is compact.
bought this as an alternative to fresh wild blueberries to add to the medical mediums heavy metal detox smoothie!
oh my gosh i love my foam roller. i thought it might be too hard  dense at first but after a week of using it my body adjusted and my softer foam roller just is not enough on most areas anymore. i am a massage therapist and i get tight everywhere... i  use this to roll out my entire back, neck, upper arms, forearms, glutes, legs  feet balancing on the roller  stretching that fascia on the bottom of the feet is great for plantar fasciitis. i like to use it after a hot shower or hot tub soak so i am loosened up a bit. it is so efficient that i am able to spend less time on self carestretching than i used to. hallelujah! with the accompaniment of a couple tennis balls to get into the small spots that is all i need. i use the smallest 12" size so i can transport it around with me to different offices, but i finally just got a 2nd one so i can always have one at my main office as well as home. when i realized how dependent i am on my foam roller i thought i really ought to write a review. i have also seen reviews of other brands saying they fell apart, and this one is super sturdy.  i have been using it at least once a day for roughly 6 months and it looks and feels exactly the same as the brand new one that i just received. i have a feeling it will probably last forever. like, really forever, to the detriment of the environment. uh, anyway great product
love this pocket guide. great information.
my doctor says same deteriorates rapidly from humidity.  he says must buy the kind in individual foil protection.  too bad, because these are cheaper but this form too fragile he says.
good to have for large bandage backups.
great price  perfect for upcoming hiking trip
i was apprehensive to order any compression stockings online but i did order these and i am so glad i did. the quality is great and they fit as expected. wash well. i just let them air dry. if you are looking for a less expensive compression stocking you should buy these. beats paying 100.00 plus at the doctor's office!
great for the car or office.
i got these for my children so they could help with dishes and cleaning while protecting their hands. my 6yo loves them and actually volunteers to help clean, which is a miracle. these feel durable, and have held up to various tasks. highly recommended!
i trust garden of life products. i love this one because their products are plant based.
i like form  of these, where i do not have to store big plastic bottle of detergent.  they are easy enough to use.for normal dirty clothese, these work fine.  the scent is not too strong, at least for my taste and my husbands.however, he worked in the yard putting up decorations and his clothes were a mix of sweat, dirt and i do not even know what.  i did use double dose and not all the dirt came out.  most of it did, but there were still a few spots where i can see dirt spots.  my husband said it is ok becasue they are his work clothes but for me, i need my clothes clean, really clean.  the sweat smell came out nicely but i do not think this is strong enough for really tough, deep dirty clothes. we started using different things around the house to be eco friendly and this is a really nice way to add to that.  i did have to wash a few things again and i did use my normal detergent and it came out fine.
i love how many different sounds and intensities there are.i personally love the rain.  i just love the sound of rain.  it is soothing and really helps me relax to fall asleep.so easy to use.  i do like that it charges up using a usb cable.on the nights when it is just too chilly to turn on my fan, i like that i can still have the sound of a fan running without the cold air blowing.a great sound machine that can be used by anyone in the family.
these are so pretty and exactly what i wanted.
a bit more  than the average pill holder but it is worth it. very sturdy clips on each compartment that should travel well. easy to open, nice spring action too. a unique front facing design so you do not have to turn it around for night and day pills.
wow you get 30 rolls of the best toilet paper i have found and a box of sturdy 30 gallon trash bags it does not get any better than that
batteries leaked within package.  put in new dracells.  motor does not work.
this is a tasty vitamin drink with trace minerals. i have been using it for 2 months and have not noticed anything amazing but i do feel good about getting my nutrients. what i do not feel good about is, every time i look it up to buy another canister the price is higher! i will not be buying more until the price gets back to just over reasonable as the first 2 were. to me 43. and 44. are a bit high but my friend wanted me to try it. now its 61.50, just 3 weeks later up 30. no, i am not going for it.
ordered this for my mom who lives all day in a nursing home. so far this seems to be working great for her when so many cushions before have not.
i bought this for my son who is on the autism spectrum.  i was concerned that he was not getting is teeth completely clean everywhere.  unfortunately,  this does not really work.  it barely moves and feels awkward.  i feel like it was a huge waste of money.
easy to apply after bathing without spilling.  this is nice product without being too greasy.  fine mist will do the trick without pouring it in your hand and possibility of spilling.
i cannot notice any difference at all except for the strong odor it leaves. my shower has white tile that turns a little yellow if not cleaned. this product does no difference at all except on the yellow stuff. the only difference it will make to your life is the waste of money and the waste of time spraying after each time you take a shower.
as school starts and cold season approaches its time for immunity building! my spouse served me the drink and i asked if they added seltzer because it was so effervescent which i like, but it was just from the tablet dissolving in water. my kids begged to taste it because it looks like lemonade, and they really liked the flavor! i was surprised. it did not taste too bad to me either, slightly lemony. with three kids in school, here is hoping for less sickness this season!
great scale arrive in perfect condition.
not very sticky; they kept falling off. sent them back.
pay close attention, all of the reviews for this product are for hair conditioner or hair products.
when i first opened the container of gummies i was expecting to smell something light and citrusy. instead i was met with a very strong odor that smells like a combination of plastic and cleaning supplies. it is quite strong. despite the rather scary aroma, i tried one anyway, and they are quite delicious, i am just a bit put off by the smell.
i love to take a nice weekend nap, but our house gets a surprising amount of sunlight. also when taking a day nap, my eyelashes end up all squashed and wonky, with no time to try and tame them back to unsmooshed length and curl.these silk sleep masks solve both of those major nap issues. they keep the light out, while being oh so comfortable to wear. i do not notice them, they are light not too tight and do not shift. the silk also keeps my lashes from squishing, they just glide over the silk.so comfortable, so nice looking and feeling, i feel like a 50s screen star, i am just a glamorous napper.
the first bag i ordered was bright orange and felt and worked great as a natural vitamin c. the second and third bag i ordered were brown in color with a very different taste and smell. not consistent and really disappointed in the quality control. also the color of powder does not match color in product image.but i love terrasoul products so i will buy their camu camu powder nstead which is supposed to have 3x more vitamin c then acerola cherry.
i have very small eyes, so i have not been able to find an eyelash curler that works for me. i had very high hopes for this product. but, it does not curl my lashes at all. and, the first time i used it, i used it too long and my eyes puffed up from the heat. i guess i actually burned my eye lid. it also says to use after applying mascara in the directions, but when i tried this, my mascara came off. like i said, i really wanted this product to work for me, but it just did not
unfortunately, these did not work, and i returned them. first, if you have a larger roll of paper, they are not large enough to fit around the roll.second, the cutter wrinkles and tears the paper instead of delivering a clean cut.
all of dr axe products are reliable.  these work.  period.
the gloves are soft, wash up nicely. serve the purpose of hand lotion treatment at night very well. they come in small boxes, making it easy to pack and take with. thanks!
been using this since our baby was a newborn. although i know this company was under some scrutiny a while ago, i still think this is a great product. we have not really had much diaper rashes, but when we did, this took care of it. it is a thicker consistently when the tube is new, but over time, it can become more liquidy, especially in warmer temperatures and it turns to like an oil, so best to keep in a cooler place. also, sometimes when the tube gets really old and low, there are some grainy things. i am not sure if that is because the product has dried out a bit. overall, i think this is a good diaper rash ointment or preventative ointment. it also goes on clear so you baby's butt is not covered in like white.
great product! it is sturdy and just high enough for me. i love the handle as i have poor balance. the person that said to step on it before you depend on the handle is correct. i am happy i bought this.
really cool product. no complaints. i love the style too.
great product speedy delivery would rest again
use this for nail art!
this is such a great scale. it is very light weight and the numbers are easy to read.
i tried first day! super cute and really comfortable!
i use this product for keeps drain traps filled in the science lab. the extra heavy formula helps it stay in place and fill the large space in the pipe.
good quality hair support.
this product is amazing!! we moved into a home that has some funky smells going on in it. i opened this up in the bedroom, and since then i have not smelled anything bad on my whole upper floor! every now and again i catch a clean scent, but for the most part it just smells like nothing. the absence of an odor, which is just what i was hoping for!
nice unit  except the bracket is too narrow to hold waterpic and similar showerheads which renders it useless for me.too bad, really, that the distributor and manufacturer do not take the time to let potential purchasers know this, because they refuse to take returns on this item.too bad, really, because the unit is otherwise acceptable. the suction cup adheres well and the bracket allows a fair range of adjustment gfor the showerhead  if you have one that fits the bracket.jerry
i am very happy with this supplement. i have purchased from this company before and have never had issues. magnesium is great to help with muscle soreness.
it is was ok. was not thick enough and does not wrap all the way around table. i have had better ones.
seems silly to write a review for a sleep mask, but this one is worth it  and i feel obligated to share it with ya all who are shopping for one.  i have been a sleepmask addict for 10 years that is what having a child can do to you, evidently. i literally cannot fall asleep without one. this 34;earth therapeutics34; is the one and only for me but i have 5 of them, ha ha! sleep masks are either too slippery, do not stay on, too transparent, not enough coverage, too uncomfortablethick too much coverage, or too small or too big or not adjustable around my head to fit right. it is neat that it has a soft side i love during cooler weather and a satin side great for warmer weather. it is the perfect size ... not too little but not too big. i do not like to notice the sleep mask, it has to feel natural. i tried the memoryfoam type ones and ones that seem sort of molded for 34;comfort,34; and they were awful. what is more  they last. they last through washes, the velcro and elastic are not 34;cheap,34; they are strong and stay solid. i have had the same mask my first one, a pink one, which was a gift for over 5 years and it is still going strong. i have 5 of them just to rotate and keep them washed to keep my skin clean at night. i cannot even recommend a runnerup ... this is the endall, beall.p.s. if you try the masks with the headphones so you can listen to tunes as you fall asleep, i just want to say how disappointed i was. i could not find a good, comfortable mask with builtin headphones. so when i want music at night, i just use headphones separately. let me know if you find a great earth therapeutics lightweight sleep mask with built in headphones that do not add bulk and annoyance, ha ha!
it works!!
these are very poorly made and thin material. would not stay up and do nothing to help with knee pain.
normally i just love gummy vitamins but these do not taste very good.  i like the vitamins and omega3's they contain, all that is very good.  they just do not taste good.  i immediately get a fishy flavor got to be from the algae they are made from followed by some serious tartness.  though they are still palatable, why consume these when there are other gummy vitamins that are just as good and taste a lot better?  if you do not mind tartness and a little fishy flavor then i highly recommend these.
looks like this hibiscus powder is new on the market and i decided to give it a try. it shipped quickly and was packaged well. i found it to be of a very good quality, it has a nice intense color and smells like freshly ground. this is a true superfood with tons of good benefits. it works great on my hair and i also like adding it to my morning smoothies and teas. definitely i would recommend it!
we really like this mountain falls 30 spf sun screen.made in usa.love the scent. its fresh and clean. seems to go in the skin, is not greasy. and  my skin does not feel dry after using this,as other spf have left my skin feeling.apply 15 mins before going out in the sun.if swimming,  reapply after 80 mins.we live on a river in california, and its hot and sunny here. i live on a river.i put this on 3 children .one is a red head, blue eyes, one child has platinum blonde hair, and fair.the children had on  tee shirts ,but using this they did notget sunburned around the neck or arms being in the river. a bit red yes, but not sunburned.you can get sunburned through the window while driving.i put sunscreen on my hands for years, and have very little brown spots on my hands for my age.
looking to get some good for you stuff added to my routine, i decided to get this.now, for the price  i am not exactly impressed. it does smell rank, but when i mixed it with milk, it tasted pretty good. even my mother was impressed.i did feel a bit more energetic and it was easy to use.this is not something i would get again, but it was not as bad as i thought for my first protein powder go around.
this is good. i keep it on my desk and chew it to get rid of coffee breath. ha.
helped with anxiety, stress, and relaxation. highly recommended!  very good quality.
useless as a smoothing brush on curly hair or regular hair. tried it on child's long hair, it just got tangled in it. tried it on my average hair, and it did nothing.
like this hardtofind mouthwash so much. leaves mouth feeling fresh and clean. tart taste. just right, though
i feel that taking these towards evening helps me to sleep better. it takes the edge off some of those racing thoughts that happened to many of us at night. along with melatonin, this product is helping get some z's.
repeat buy. helps me keep up immunity working in healthcare
very cheap, does not give correct weight. total waist of money....
this is better than nothing. i have a garden tub with nonslip bottom. no one would be able to sit in a tub with a nonslip surface. it does not stick too well on the fiberglass but i can deal with that. overall, it makes the tub very inviting and serves my purpose.
this is a great product. i have tried several different straightening devices to straighten my beard this one is the best one. definitely worth the money. it heats up quickly and if you forget to turn it off they even have a automatic shutoff
had to throw them away because they smelled like smoke so bad. the box was yellow but unopened.
pretty nice device and my face felt relaxed after the massage. took me a minute to figure out of to use this device but after the learning phase went into action. got my face muscle to relax and did a bit in the neck also. take a while to get used to this device but is worth it. good quality and came in a nice box.
i  tried to remove the balls off of a sweater and a tshirt. it damaged the sweater so bad i had to buy my son a new one. its like running piece of metal with jagged teeth on your clothes.
this shiatsu neck and back massager has 4 massage nods help get a nice deep muscle massage and an added heat option to help blood circulation.  it has a car charger that allows you to operate it in your car and a strap to secure it.  this comes with a massager pillow, power cord, car adapter and  easy to understand directionsi have a lot of back and neck pain and boy does this help it.  it just massaged the tightness and pain from them.  it has strong. powerful rollers and a one minute timer which switches directions of the rollers after a minute.this is not cordless, you must be near an outlet to use this.i received this neck and back massager to use, review and to give my honest opinion about it.
in short open reservoir cup makes it easy to add water, keep clean, and to allow dry between uses. can adjust strength. slim design makes it easy to maneuver around mouth. takes up little room. can be packed up for on the go use. loud, but similar to my corded tank style.i use water flossers all the time. the best to me is a particular name brand that has a tank, and is plugged in. i keep that in my main bathroom that has a plug nearby. since i rely greatly on water flossing, i wanted to have one in my 1st floor bathroom, which is like the size of a closet, and has no counter, and no plugs. so, i have been tried cordless flossers for use in that bathroom.here is the thing i find with most of them the water reservoirs are bulky and are hard to clean. i do not care that they do not hold much water. that is easy enough to deal with, but to have an enclosed cup that really can ever be cleaned out? gross. then i tried one where there , and that works really well for my needs. that one wins out over this due to one aspect it is fully cordless. when i saw this hangsun water flosser i decided to try itit has appearance of regular plug in, but an open water top that makes me feel better about it drying between uses. i did not need another flosser, but i wanted to find out more about it and report back in a review.so, this may be for you if you are like me in wanting a cordless flosser with an open water reservoir. i can easily add more water to it, it is easy to clean, and it dries between uses. charge has been long lasting, so i like that i do not need to fuss. it is nice for use in noplug areas. while cordless, i still feel attached, as i need to set the base down. doubt i would use this in shower. with my other one, i may need to supply my own cup for water, but it can be any size, and i can use it in shower just by cupping my hand.kind of loud similar to my plug in name brand one.i tend to only ever use one head the slightly curved one. have not tried the other options, and likely will not.of the half dozen cordless flossers i have tried including a name brand cordless, i like this one, and the one i linked to the best. i use them secondary to my plug in.
i am a big fan of mint and a big fan of chocolate.  many see girl scout thin mints as the apex of chocolatemint cookiedom, but i was looking for something more.  i think i have found it in these york peppermint pattie cookies.  the cookies consist of a chocolate cookie, covered with mint creme and dipped in chocolate.  here is what is so great about them.  first, these cookies are dipped in dark chocolate, which i, personally, prefer to milk chocolate.  second, they have a nice layer of mint creme, which gives a nice texture compliment to the crunchy cookie.  third, the mint creme is a true, strong peppermint great for those who love their mint.  overall, this is a great cookie.  i would happily munch one anytime.
i am a size 12 and it barely fit
pros made in usa no smell or after taste veggie based capsules male vitality blend immune blend antioxidant blendcons larger sized only 30 day supply even though you get 60 capsules
is what your back muscles and spine will say!be smart, use as advised. made of dark greyblack styrofoam.
i absolutely love this. smells so good and makes for a very good nights sleep. i just spray the bed every night
i used to love this alpiste milk but for some reason they added guar gum and now its too thick, i liked the previous one, it was a much lighter version, so much better, i hope they can bring it back!for those who do enjoy thicker milks, this is great for liver cleanse, loosing, and keeping extra weight off.
i am so glad i got these! they last just as long as the original battery, and it is invaluable to have extra batteries when you are places without electricity such as camping trips! if you have the camera, it is worth the few bucks to get the extra batteries. i got an exceptional price!
received the device a couple of days ago.  stumbled around a little bit to get the hang of it but it is easy when you know what you are doing.  purchased this one because of the many positive reviews.  good choice.  i am just wearing it now to see how i do normally.  i cannot believe i am such a low stepper.  no wonder i have seen a weight gain.  darn the reality of sitting at a computer all day.  when you can 34;see34; for yourself what you are doing or more importantly not doing it really is a motivator.  grandma was slow but she was old  i hope to reverse some of that old saying.
i got this free at cvs using extra bucks, but that price still seems too high. mine had no mechanical problems, and the vibrations were pretty strong. it shook the entire table, which makes me wonder if it should be containing that vibration and channeling it into the jewelry more efficiently. its important to note that the cvs price was only 7.99, and i got it half off after christmas for basically four bucks. i tried it first with just warm water. no change, my jewelry still had some grime. then tried with a drop of dawn, same result. the photo in my review is after two cycles, the debris in the lid is from dropping it while trying to open it, that was not actually removed by the device. i also experienced difficulty removing the lid, but i was able to get it apart with just my hands. save your money, do not get it.
i cannot tell if its picking up anything. dirt is still there after spraying and wiping... it smells great though.
prosecure fitcomfortable to wear4 layersconscannot think of any !!
i was hoping this was the original formula, but it is not. i used this detergent with my last 2 kids so i know the smell of it, and this one is not the same. i loved the old smell, which last longer on the clothes after washing. this one fades away; i can barely smell it after the clothes come out of the washer. also, the original formula is much more concentrated, therefore you only need to use a little bit. i used more with this one. as for packaging, it arrived well packaged in plastic so there was no leak.
works exactly as advertised, zero smoke.  not sure how long it lasts but out of the package id call it a miracle product.  surprise bonus was the smoke buddy keychain, great entertainment posing him after using the smoke buddy.
when i decided to order them, i must have misread the directions.  once i received them, i discovered that the daily amount is three.  that  means a package is a twenty day supply.  to me that is too expensive and the taste really is not that great.  i did not take them long enough to determine how helpful they will be.
wow these are amazing.
i bought this as a replacement to my original strap and it works great!
works well in dishwasher and leaves dishes and glassware clean and sparkly. have used this product for years.
i purchased this scale on april 10, 2016. today is may 16, 2017 and my scale no longer works. i changed the batteries when they died and now when you stand on the scale it says scanning, step off, thinking and then err. like many others i reset the scale, reset it up, left batteries out etc. i sought out the help page on fitbit. 5 pages of people with the same problem. no response from fitbit. i am very angry that my 13 month old 123 scale no longer works. i just bought a 17 digital scale to replace this. bad show fitbit.6117 update fitbit reached out to me and sent me a replacement scale no charge after we tried a few things to reboot my original scale. their customer service has been fantastic and was wonderful to work with. i really appreciate the good faith and of course the new scale. i will gladly purchase their products again.
i received this set undamaged and in good working order. i tried the different heads included, and have to say that it definitely works as intended. you are using electricity, so please follow all safety guidelines and do not use it for things it was not intended. much like a tens unit, this unit sends current into the skin. at its lowest settings, you merely feel a slight pleasant vibration. i lack the courage to try it at its highest setting because it would surely give a pretty significant jolt. in between those extremes, there are several settings that create a good working base for a variety of uses. for instance, it gives instructions on aging or delicate skin, when applying serums, and when trying to alleviate pain.the booklet is pretty clear on its warnings, suggestions, and instructions. the box it came in has a magnetic closure, dense foam to cradle the different fragile glass heads, and the unit itself. it will take some experimentation with to find the optimum level of comfort and efficacy.
butter, no pecan. blcch!
it is not bad. i have not felt any 'results' as others have so i am going on faith that it will deliver benefits over time. you must mix it with berries or something, the taste by itself is a little rustic for me. i make it as a keto smoothie with some heavy whipping cream, fruit, water, a touch of stevia. doable.
its much thinner than i was hoping for but should do the trick if i double or triple layer it.  but that will only make the usable length 13 what is listed.
just as shown and just as stated, the suction cups could be better but the price was right
i like how this makes me feel , great stuff.
was having good success with bulletproof stress gummies, but they contained "malitol" so i started looking for a viable substitute.  this brand seemed pretty close.  same "sensoril ashwagandha" just more, same ltheanine, a little more b6, plus the addition of gaba and magnesium.i find this blend helps with anxiety that started for me with perimenopause.  the kind of irrational anxiety that you know is just anxiety ... the sudden dwelling on all things bad  stressful, the sense of impending doom ... this blend helps a lot with that.  i also find it useful as my brains leans toward overstimulation ... i probably would have been labeled "autistic" as a 70s child had it been a thing.  my brain does not shift gears well.  it is not good at surprises.  although i cope and try to be rational when hubs asks me to do something suddenly, my brain just will not let me sometimes.  i call it my "gears jamming" ... this supplement helps that.  it backs my brain down of the ledge and makes me think reasonably again.overall ... super pleased with these.  they are just what i was looking for.
this is really great stuff.  it is natural.  it works.  i learned about it years ago when i was going to fly.  now i fly more often and am in a car traveling on all kinds of roads and in mountains at times and it is just really wonderful to help keep motion sickness away.  it even works on ships as well.  his is really a wonderful find.  it is simple, nothing i have to wear like a wrist thing, not a pill where i could have side effects just simply an oil i put behind my ears.  i make sure i am always stocked up on this wonderful stuff.  i suggest it to anyone who may have a need.
you cannot expect quality products if it is super cheap, especially organic acerola. i take the acerola tabs but sometimes i rather just mix it in my drinks. this is very tart so i recommend mixing it with juice and also using a whisk. it can clump very easily. it really does give me energy. i am very sensitive to caffeine so this is a great alternative to energy drinks. does not mess with my glucose levels and i do not crash on this. the benefits of acerola are amazing and i recall hardly getting sick living in puerto rico, because we had a large acerola tree in our back yard. my mom use to juice them and we ate them as a family on a daily basis. miss that tree!
my son has chafing issues and this fixed his problem. desitin is very messy but this stuff dries and helps the skin glide when rubbing together. he has not had pain ever since i bought this.
this review is more to clarify someone elses review because they did not understand understand the labeling!  it shows 1000mg as advertised  another little label says 12mg because 12 is on the periodic table for magnesium!  i realize not everyone takes chemistry, but 4 people liked his review  so misinformation is spreading.  this works. if however you are on opiate level medications that are causing constipation you should talk to your pain dr or your gastrointestinal dr  ask for a medication called linzess which works must better  must faster, but is unnecessary for most people.  if magnesium is working for you just make sure to take it with food  drink 68 glasses of water per day.  staying hydrated will really help.  before switching to linzess i used to take one 1,000 mg pill am  pm every day with meals  always with an 8 ounce glass of water or other liquid.
i really like these. they are similar to other brands but cheaper and i feel like they work better than other brands.they are somewhat hard to remove but that is with any brand. i did notice a whiter smile.
these work okay. i used them twice and they are a bit awkward at first but you have to wear a long sleeve tee or other type of sweater otherwise they are noticeable. take a little while to get used to but after a few minutes they prove to be comfortable.
awesome! heavy! very good quality! it is so nice to have something to use for all my oils. should probably get another one soon
love this mask.  fits well without any gaps
i was nervous ordering these but they came perfect for my items i sell. the color is accurate and bags are not to thin. great for lip gloss
very uncomfortable.
these little brooms are awesome! work better than any i have ever purchased! the price is also great as you get two sets! i love mine!
remote control worked great
not recommended
i had a brick hearth under an old wood burner, removed the wood burner and installed a propane stove, several bricks and the mortar in some areas were a mess, i liked the old brick but had to do a bunch of repairs then grind off the excess mortar and some high spots in the brick. the result was some brick looked brand new, some mortar was pale and newly ground down the whole thing looked really rough, i used less than 13 of the bottle applied with a cheap paint brush, it now looks like the whole thing was nicely done 25 or more years ago. i cannot believe how well this stuff works. the real test of its look is, momma loves it!
i use files to file my 4 month old's nails instead of clipping them, and i absolutely love glass files the best! they stand up to the test of time, and are so nice and solid. very thankful to have found these!
this is my favorite tissue.  i suffer from allergies and when the season is at its worst, i need this tissue to keep me from getting a sore nose.  this is a wonderful tissue!
mybat is once again perfect for my new phone...3 phones in 5 years. the phone cover is 13 of the price at the phone seller place.this is my second mybat phone cover and perfecto again.  see you again in two years, i hope.more.  ok.  the cover flips over the phone and the inside has 3 sections to drop a credit card  or a pic of your pet armadillo.
i mixed a heaping scoopful in some cold, filtered water and it took some stirring but finally seemed to dissolve.  it turned the water a beautiful cherry red but it did not taste like cherries.  it tastes a lot like beets since beets are the primary ingredient and i could detect the flavor of the soil they were grown in.  i have grown organic beets in my raised beds and i never could get the dirt taste completely out of them so i am not complaining.  as far as sweetness goes, there was very little despite it being sweetened with stevia.  i will be putting this into my smoothies and kefir smoothies from now on since it is flavor is not all that good but the ingredients are top notch.
loved this pattern!  washed and used it and no issues, worked as intended.
these work great for me. i have tried so many i will not buy anything else ever again.
this is significantly better than any recorded white noise that i have ever found.  this product actually pushes air, instead of just playing a recorded noise, and it works perfectly for someone who needs noise to studyworksleepetc.if you are looking for your sound machine to multitask, i.e. also be an alarm clock, this is not for you, but i would purchase this and an additional alarm clock because it is that good!
great scent, you only need 12 drops of oil for a strong scent
i really loved this product. by far the best one i have owned. it looked great with my mascara. i could not be happier with it.
i find my focus increased and my energy way up when i take 2 capsules. i appreciate that the ingredients are listed with amounts rather than a proprietary blend of ingredients.i am a huge fan! i also noticed my appetite greatly reduced.
it helps take some pressure off my back...the only reason why i have 3 stars is because i cannot sit with this belt for more than 15 or it starts to give me cramps and allot of pressure on my stomach ...so everytime you sit down you have to take it off, that is the only bad thing
these really are not too shabby. the cleaning sheets are as expectedi read through the product description before ordering.  i think i have used something similar in the past as it felt rather intuitive to use. just add a sheet to water, it instantly dissolves. i think 1 sheet per gallon, give or take. can be stuffed into a cleaning bottle for a spray solution, or can be added to a bucket. smells nice, works well. small pressure zip plastic packaging. little footprint. really no waste.i have used it primarily on counter tops and tubs. while it mentions floors and walls, i just use it as a basic cleanerseems gentle enough. my rag picks up a lot of dirt, so i know it is effective. current price of 5 for 30 sheets makes this a budget friendly option, especially if looking for something that does not take up much space, or plan to use it in a spray bottle. of course, there are liquid concentrates that would offer same. but hey, i thought it worth pointing out.i really think it is an ok product!lack of directions is a concern, though. i do not mind information in another language other than english. if i cannot figure it out, then using a translator app, i pass my phone over it.  odd thing is, there are not any instructions. the most info you get on this product is what you see here on the product page. there is no workable information printed on the package. so i do not down rate because of the info not being in english, i down rate because there simply is no info! i will include a picture of the translated text. but even so, i think nearly anyone couldshould be able to figure this product out."watersoluble cleaning sheet concentrated cleaning sheet will quickly dissolves upon contact with water and is immediately ready for your cleanup job"i do  like these cleaning sheets. i clean homes for a living, and while i do not always need my own cleaners, i do keep a few in my tool kit. having the option of mixing something up on the go, and having no added weight or mess to carry around is highly appealing.  i would even tear off half a sheet and add it directly to a toilet. it does dissolve instantly, easily, and smells good and fresh. not too strong. no need to rinse.lovely product, overall. 4 stars
bought as a gift for my husband. he loves them
my elderly disabled mother 5' 225 lbs.  has no issues using this.  it is sturdy and very helpful for her getting in and out of her bed.
this is a nice ice roller. it rollsspins without effort and does not stick, even when very cold. compared to another i have, this handle is easier to hold as its made for a normal grip i have another one where the handle is somewhat triangle shaped. the freezer case is especially nice, as you can store it without worry of food contact. it does not take up much room in the freezer. i recommend this model.
got this for my husband so he can have his meds really for the month. and he likes this makes it so much nicer than doing them by the week.  he is happy.  and it works so well and with the little compartments being able to come out to take your pills that is nice as well.  you do not have to mess with trying to get your pills out by holding the whole thing.
i purchased this for my husband as he was looking to try a new creatine. hes been taking it daily and has so far seen some pretty decent results. the taste is good, dissolves fairly well in water which often times is a challenge with creatine in general. overall its a little early to really tell how well this is working out, but it seems to be just fine. ill update the review with more info once more time has passed from taking it!
i have ibs. it sucks. being regular is apparently more important that i thought it would be. wtf right? anyway i take fiber gummies because of this. they are yummy. do not leave them in the sun though. its gummy it will melt.
bought for older relative who was having issues with mouth sores.
works like it is supposed to.
i love them, nicer than the black ones.  been using them for more then 3 years.
this sleep mask is one of the most adorable ones i have ever seen. it has a 3d effect because the floppy ears are attached separately to the mask and jut out. it is really cute and would be appreciated by dog lovers as well as fans of the disney movie. the price is a little high for this type of thing but otherwise it is a fun sleep mask, especially for children. now if only they made a cat version based on "the aristocats"
we wanted a first aid bag that we could fill for our dog. its roomy and just what we needed.
this freshcap unwind instant drink mix tastes very good.  it is slightly sweet and no where near being too sweet.  some people may want to add a little more sweetener to it.  i mixed up a tube in some boiling water and it completely dissolved leaving no mushroom sediment at the bottom of my cup.  it nearly has the color of coffee and when i added a little cream to it it looked exactly like coffee and even sort of mimics the taste of coffee but without the caffeine.  the product page says it contains 1000 mg of dual mix i guess that means reishi and chaga but it does not say per serving.  nor does it say anything on the box about how many mgs you are getting per serving.  i am assuming that you get 1000 mg of reishi and chaga per tube.  i looked at a couple of bottles of mushroom capsules i have and the label said two capsules delivered 1000 mg and so i guess one tube also contains 1000 mg.  overall i think this is a good product, especially useful right before bedtime to promote a better night's sleep, and it tastes good too.
i do not often eat nutrition bars but when i need to, these are the ones i select.  they are not too sweet, chock full of good little crunchy things and priced well.  i cannot find them in retail stores even though i shop at "organic" groceries and wonder why they are not more widely available.
my french class was reading a few of the children's stories upon which this film is based.  after watching the film, the consensus was this is a good film, if not great.  might be better suited for an audience of children than adults.  that is probably for whom it was intended.
but i do not get a lot of support from it. for your knee, you need more support than what this brace offers. the side supports are not metal, they are a plastic and bend easily enough. i do not fight the fit to be very good and am disappointed in this knee brace.
i have used sea moss gummies before,  but i must admit that i was a little scared to try the real thing.  since i like to keep my diet in the raw as much as possible,  i decided to give this a shot.  honestly,  it is basically tasteless.  it has a very faint oceany flavor that i barely notice.  if i put it in a smoothie,  i do not notice it at all.  the texture reminds me of chia seed jam.  it works really well as a thickener in smoothie bowls and pudding. if you are gluten free,  it is a good way to thicken soups as well.  the serving size is very low so this bag should last a long time.
i had given her mom one previously but she said she had never seen it because mommy keeps everything for herself. that is a 12 year old's opinion. so, i got her this one and if she cannot get those blackheads our of her face with the machine, then she use the tools that are included.
always use them extra soft
i found that this traction device is of the utmost highest quality than all the rest. also if you have any questions you can contact the company and they will assist you.  my surgery liked it so good the he was going to recommend it to his other patients.  it is easy to adjust up and down and very comfortable as much as traction can be. i have tried several others and this is by far the best for a soft traction device.
i used it maybe 10 times and it stopped working. i used a small torx screwdriver and took the screw out of the bottom and used a small flat screw driver to put in the slot to slide the cutter head off of the plastic base. i took my old razor head tabs broke off like everyone elses and compared and they are very similar. but whatever grease they are using fails pretty quickly and becomes sticky causing the hair to get stuck. i suppose you could clean their grease off and use a white lithium grease or something and it would work fine but i just decided to swap my old oem cutter head into the new plastic base. works great now!
4.5these zep cleaners that came in the zep cleaning bundle work perfectly. just like brand names, if not better than some.this bundle comes with an all purpose cleaner and a streak free glass cleaner. the all purpose cleaner is a degreaser as well and it works brilliantly! we had grease splatter on the stove top and i was dreading the clean up but figured it would be a great test for this stuff. i gave it a spray, let it sit for 60 seconds, attempted a wipe up, and wow! the grease came right up. i was impressed. i was not 100 in love with the smell but the cleaning power sold me.the glass cleaner i would definitely say is in line with other blue glass cleaners. it only streaked if i wiped it really poorly i can streak any windowmirrorglass surface imaginable, i am so bad at that. it had the normal smell that you would expect. i liked it a lot.i thought both these cleaners were very good. i am not sure about the price and how it compares to other cleaners though. even though i definitely recommend these for their cleaning power, i did have to take just a tad off for the slightly higher cost.
i ordered this because i have a hip replacement coming up and, after checking out the walkers medicare would provide for me, decided this is a much better option. while i have only tried it out so far, i am pleased with its appearance and solidity. it is very sturdy and, with the back wheels being further apart than are the front wheels, there is more room for me. another feature that i really like is that i can pull up on the strap in the middle of the seat and fit it through a narrow bathroom door, while still using it for support. while this is a heavy nylon seatand not paddedit and the back fit me well and provide solid lumbar support. someone else looked at it today and was quite impressed. she said they paid over 500 for a walker for her brother that was flimsy, with metal that quickly bent, so that the thing was useless. she plans to get one of these for her mother. the only downside seems to be that the included cupholder cannot be put on without loosening a strangelooking screwwe have to find a screwdriver that will fit it. a cane holder is also included. the velcroattached bag is good sized. if you want to go to the hassle of removing 8 screwgizmos with large plastic heads they are easy to do and lower the arms, it will fit in the included bag.
perfect, we need this because the toilet is very low, good product
this is the 56th bp monitor that i have tried and ordered through amazon either via purchase or the vine program and is a basic monitor. almost every single monitor takes my bp within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. this one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. note that i did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. after the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. it averages the bp after three successful bp readings but the average recall is not marked as an average. most monitors identify an average with the average notation. it has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  there is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. there are two power options available and included and that is four aaa batteries or via a usb type c cable. time settings are in the 24hour clock military time only. voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy chinese accent.included in the package one bp unit one bp user manual and one digital pamphlet one large cuff one cloth carry pouch one usb type c cable and 4 aaa batteriesfeatures up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory. date and time settings are available in 24hour clock only. setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual. the lcd display readout is large for easy reading. the cuff is 22 to 42 cm 8.66 to 16.535 inches, which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese. clearing all the bp settings is just a matter of holding the mem button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until all ee appears. the display is large. accuracy is within range of my gold standard monitors. switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. press and hold the set button when power is off, wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press mem to switch to the other user. it displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such. it has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female chinese accent.negatives the cuff writing is upside down compared to other monitors but that does not affect the performance. the average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the average indicator. what happens is that after three readings, the first number displayed is the average. the next three numbers and beyond are the readings. once i cycle through all the readings, the average is never displayed again unless i turn off the unit and then press the memory button again. the voice option is moderated by a heavy female chinese accent.this is an acceptable bp monitor. operation and setup of this unit is simple once i read the manual. to take my blood pressure, i affixed the cuff around my left arm with my palm turned up. i made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. then i pressed start and after a little bit, i had my reading. i pressed stop to turn off the unit. the systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed.blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. it is important for a user to learn how to take their bp to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. there are many great videos online that can help teach this.in summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. the cuff is large enough for most people and the lcd display is large and easy to read. it displays an average after three readings but that is not marked. the voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. the current price is not listed but any price at 24 or below would be reasonable for this.for those who are interested, i attached some notes about several of my most favorite 5star monitors. these monitors i consider outstanding for their features compared to all the others i tested. i listed two 4star monitors because they have unique features such as spanish speaking or bluetooth. each one of these monitors is accurate and i would highly recommend any of them.  this is known as the gold standard of bp monitors. it stores 100 readings between 2 users. it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an ac adapter can be purchased separately. the arm cuff on this monitor will fit most people.   this is the monitor i use most often in the winter so i do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. it stores 120 readings between 2 users. it is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated. in addition, it has c.p. g. correct position guidance to ensure the user does not make an error. that only works if it is turned on. accuracy is spot on, which is atypical of wrist monitors.   this is great if a talking monitor in both english and spanish is needed. it stores 120 readings between 2 users. in addition to battery operation, it comes with an ac adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. if the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  this is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources 4 aaa batteries or ac cable, and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. 4.5 stars  this monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. the lcd display is medium but easy to read and color coded in green, yellow, and red based on the hypertension levelwhich is excellent. there are two power options. it takes four aaa batteries or a usb type c cable both are included. there is an average feature after two readings. there are date or time settings in ampm not military time. the cuff size is large. there is an irregular heartbeat indicator. accuracy is spot on.   this is one unique monitor. the monitor and cuff are in one unit and this is most useful if paired with the ios or android app vihealth. the cuff size is large but the display on the cuff is small. operation is simple. this is rechargeable and comes with the usb type c cable for charging. there is no average feature or irregular heartbeat indicator on either the unit or app. there is no user designation on the monitor but such a distinction is possible in the app. in fact, the readings can be associated with multiple users number and amount unknown. the date and time are automated through the bluetooth pairing with the app. as of june 2022, the app is quirky and does not always connect. the bp unit itself is accurate and simple to use but this is not suitable for everyone. the  is the high priced version that comes with a muscle stimulationtens option. both are 4 stars  this monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. the lcd display is large and easy to read. there are two power options of either four aa batteries not included or a microusb cable included. there is an average feature after two readings. there are date or time settings in 24hour clock military time only. the cuff size is large and will fit most users. there is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. this does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  4.5 stars
did not work.  i returned this item
i had high hopes for this as i suffer from neck pain that radiates up into my head at times. may be stress maybe misalignment. not sure but it did not help me with my problem. its possible it needs to be used for a longer period of time to get any results but its very uncomfortable and a few times i felt  like it almost made it worse. maybe it was just not  a good match for my problem but for my personal experience i cannot say it helped.
this is a good kit that has the heavy duty metal rasp and the finer sandpaper type on the 2 sided tool.  my husbands feet get cracked on heelscalluses during winter and mine more so in summer from wearing sandals..this is the perfect thing for using in the shower or just sitting down and taking care of yr feet.  the nail brush also included, is used almost every day and really is handy to have.
if i could give this 10 stars i would! this is the second product i purchased to clean our napoleon wood burning fireplace glass doors. the first product required harsh scrubbing and many reapplications to get the soot off. with this product the soot practically falls off, no scrubbing, absolutely effortless. amazing product.
just received this and so far love it! it had a charge, but i charged it overnight in my phone charger and used every accessory the next day. it still had plenty of power left 1520min. of playing around with it. no pain with any and the facial hair remover worked great no redness or hair seen 2 days later. i am 53, dark haired with light complexion. the nose trimmer piece came apart when i went to put it on and it was tricky putting it back together, but i eventually got it. not my favorite to use, but it works! not sure about the eyebrow trimmer but i did not buy it for that. i did not try the body shaver as i had shaved my legs  underarms that day. so far i am very happy with this purchase and feel its a great buy overall! would definitely recommend
a great collection of ingredients in one mix ... i am a 330 lb male and 1 dose gives me a good nonjittery energy boost, and even if i am hungry i will not want to eat_ i do not workout, i just  take this at work about midshift since i have a physically fast paced job and it keeps me going goodthe tasterotten raspberry  lemon rindyeah, it is bad....however  with a simple trick you can get it tasting actually good....remedy for bad tastewhen i mix me a concoction of this stuff i use an 18.5 oz plastic bottle and fill it 60 full of filtered water_i use a kitchen funnel and scoop into the bottle 112 scoops of the rootz mix and shake well_get some powdered welch's grape drink mix it is actually low sugar per scoop, and scoop about only 12  34 a scoop provided in container into the bottle via funnel_ shake well, fill up with filtered water, shake well again_this will neutralize the awful bitterness  tartness without making it sweet or loading it with sugar_if you prefer it sweet you can add a little more grape mix_as for a remedy for the graininess .... if it is annoying then get a small marble mocaljete and pummel the powder finer_ i have not done this yet but it is a logical solutioni only gave it 4 's because it seems that the makers could easily remedy the terrible taste  graininess pretty easily so for lack of a little effort i could not rate it 5
pro easy to use and lightweightcon just keeps me from moving my head without turning my shoulders. neck brace. does not pull my neck up for adjustment like i thought it would.
this is something my husband takes with his vitamin regiment.  he likes the taste.
this is a very nice toothpaste. it is definitely funky using toothpaste that is black but you get used to it. it tastes pretty good and cleanse your teeth very well. i would recommend mixing it up with regular toothpaste though because it can strip your teeth because of the charcoal. it does have some bad breath eliminating features which i like and it can help whiten your teeth, do not expect to have like bright white teeth because of this but it can neutralize some stains which is nice. i really like this one but i am not making this my own and only toothpaste but actually rotate it with another one i use.
complete waste of money does nothing just like wearing a regular pair of socks
this is a great product ! very powerful , please follow the mixing and use instructions .
the product you get comes in three syringes. you apply 1ml to a spoon and eat the gel. it is fussy, and kind of weirdly flavored. the whole syringe thing is weird. it is best refrigerated after you open each syringe. yes, i believe it is a good product and effective! however, the delivery system is really most suitable for people who have syringe fetishes and a lot of time on their hands. i would much prefer to have had the product in a softgel.
i got this for my wife who was in the process to quit smoking.  she said the setup for this device was straight forward and the app is easy to use. the device is accurate, if she had a cigarette, the co 2 numbers would be higher. for her, the co2 number was a clear reminder of the progress that she was making. overall she recommends this as it helped her quit smoking.
i was so glad to find this supplement at this high dose.  i am taking this several times a day now, every day, and can tell it is beginning to help with insomnia, foggy feeling, and concentration.  the main purpose in taking this, however, is long term, as it is supposed to prevent disabling memory loss.  and i will do anything i can for that.  this brand seems to be top quality, and to know what they are talking about.
it feeds your body what it might be lacking. its overall something should be apart of your daily routine. i would get it again
came in my monthly box. works as intended. box was not damaged. seals were intact.
these are posted  listed with "33 more loads" with 66 as total.  i received 2 of the regular size with 25 loads 50 total loads.  please correct the listing to reflect the normal size bottles.
the foot bath is nicely designed. only issue i have is that i like the temperature at 90 degrees. even when i set the temperature to 90 degrees, it heats up to more than 100 degrees see photo. there may be an issue with the thermostat.
its so hard to find a chapstick that is both cruelty free and vegan, so while i did consider these a bit pricy for chapstick its definitely worth it!!! most of the flavors are amazing i especially love the peach coconut one. however, the patchouli one is kind of strange. it smellstastes like i just smeared incense on my lips, and not in a good way. it almost has a smell that seems like it should not be going on my lips. like i said though, the other scents are amazing and very moisturizing. definitely will be buying more of these!
too too strong to wear i get a headache and lose balance and eyes need to readjust
works well, nice good deal
this product contains lead! completely shocked its still on the market and being sold. disgusted that this product is being sold on amazon
just right shape for shoulders, and it holds heat well
this powder mixes in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops. it tastes pretty good, except that it does have a bit of that protein flavor.all in all, it is pretty decent for the price.
the rolls are tiny, the paper a bit harsh, but it does the job.
these are my favorite whitening strips!!! i have purchased them twice now. i love how gentle they are because my teeth are a little sensitive, and i cannot handle the products that come with led lights or professional whitening done by a dentist. i have also tried charcoal whitening products, and i found them to be too abrasive. other brands of whitening strips, such as crest, i have found too harsh. mr. bright strips can be left on for 1030 minutes, and you can use them occasionally for a "touchup" or consecutively for the full 14 days. i had to write a review for this product because i recommend it to everyone. do not expect dramatic results because they are gentle and an otc item, but they are definitely worth it. i think the results are noticeable, and they last for a few months. i tend to use these a week before a special event or if i just feel like my teeth are looking dull.
these are made in china and the quality shows.  the sound is acceptable but not great.  the headphones get hot at times and i am worried about that.  i do not think these are worth 26 dollars but it seems like that is the lowest price going for these.  if you are looking for a cheap headset for a young kid i would get these but do not expect much from them.
first of all i am a chiropractor that specializes in corrective care and this is my new absolute favorite traction device. first of all its adjustable so you will be able to customize the perfect fit for yourself. and as far as the design goes... its comfortable and snug. i noticed immediate relief in tension and increased range of motion. bravo chirolux.
i think we have used about every wipe there is to use between the 3 of my children8 months to 5 years. with newborns, pampers was my choice. i had to change diapers often, and they worked great at working against diaper rash. admittedly, though, as my children got older, we gravitated toward huggies wipes. pampers seems to have different kinds of wipes. there was one kind that seemed so slimy, we could not bear to use it, and it seemed that no matter how hard we tried we ended up with that particular one. we keep wipes just about everywhere and use them on our hands, tooparticularly during car rides. we prefer huggies when it comes to hand use.these are great, though, when it comes to backsides! they are a little more on the slimy side than huggies, but these are more durable. with huggies wipes, they are constantly tearing or we end up pulling out 4 wipes stuck together.these seem to come apartfrom each othermuch better. you can tug and pull on these and see just how much more durable they are. we generally have better coupons from pampers, so we usually end up with pampers wipes. i will be honest, though, and say that when we have the coupons, we get huggies wipes. we like them both for different reasons! we only use one of the two, though. from my experience and opinion, just forget generic brands when it comes to wipes.if your little one has a sensitive backside, though, i highly recommend these! these are scented, so if that bothers you, there is the unscented sensitive kind, too.
these are great!  they really help with polishing up your skin for the summer!
handy and usefulholds up well
lots of room for morning and evening medications. easy to open and stays closed. the cover is good for hiding your pills when you are on vacation. the cover is pretty but i expect it to eventually peel due to being pu leather
one of the best tasting low carb bars out there, definitely in the top 5.  grenade knows how to make a good tasting bar and has spread that knowledge across all flavors  very good!
been looking like crazy for a cring of this material... no, it is not just silicone... it is special and it makes the difference! i will order 3 more... because i know this one will be stolen
these are really nice maracas. off to order another pair!
excellent value, low cost, works great.i am a large person and it covers me perfectly.very soft, warm and easy to use, no problem with wires getting tangled or feeling hard, uncomfortable while wearing.can pull down lower to cover top of legs or put all of it on legs for a nice, warm blankethighly recommend.
package arrived in great condition. nice amount for the low price. love these puffs.
i got this for my husband because it has a 550 lb weight capacity so i figured it would be pretty durable. when it arrived, i assembled it and sat on it to try it out. one of the wheels immediately broke... and i am nowhere close to 550 lbs!  i tried to return it but amazon referred me to the manufacturer. the link they provided just took me to the sales website. the phone number rang to a message service. i bought my own set of replacement wheels and its working out ok now.
they are pretty but do not really affect the smoking experience. the only time you taste it is if you lick it directly
light weight, love the colors and they do not bother my neck when i am wearing them.
really sad this heating pad did not heat. very soft and packaged with it is own nylon sleeve, but that does not bring relief to achy muscles. sadly had to return.
started with the spinach and kale chips, the lipo3 spray and the supergreens with beneful. i usually do not eat anything when i am fasting, but i have been having difficulty getting back on track and this should help. after this is out, my south beach supplies should be here and i can continue eating healthy and lose the weight i wish to lose. by the way, the supergreens are just how i like them. no yucky flavorings to hide the natural grass and chlorella taste.
the only thing i really use out of this set is the glass nail file. it works incredibly well. the other multicolored files just take up space. was not pleased with them.
i do my own nail tips and i would recommend this product.
i have tried a few different versions of neck traction devicesneck stretchers and have found they all are quite similar with some slight variations in size and design.this one is slightly smaller than others, something that works well for me at 54. like the others, it is not soft despite what it may look like. the foam is very hard, as its intended to be, in order to support your head and neck and to provide a thorough stretch. there are also some pressure nodes on the device which are really just bumps in the foam but are positioned to provide a bit of acupressure and massage while you are lying on it. personally, i do not notice the bumps, but its possible they are doing their job.if you are new to this type of neck device, know that it takes a while to get used to it. when i first started, it was quite painful, and i managed only a couple of minutes at a time. now, i use it once or twice a day for about ten minutes at a time. the benefits are immediately noticeable as it relieves the tension in my neck and shoulders that always develops after a day spent at my computer.this particular device, unlike others i have used, comes with a zippered carryingstorage bag, as well as an eye mask and ear plugs. none of these are crucial to the neck traction device, but are nice extras. some reviewers noted a bad smell when they received their device. i had no such issues with mine.if  you are looking for a way to relieve neck and shoulder pain without resorting to medication, this is definitely worth a try.
i bought this spray to try in my husband's work boots. the scent is a little strong but it seems to do the trick. i just spray the inside of his boots after work and generally the next day, his feet do not smell. the smell could be a little overwhelming for those sensitive to scents.
very cheap and its shows, but get the job done
works great so far! i put it on charge before use. did not take long, and light turns green when its charged.lay the clothes flat, turned it on and went over a couple shirts with it in a circular motion. you could hear it when it cuts off a lint ball! its not loud, its easy to use, and safe to have around kids because there are no sharp pieces exposed unless you open it to clean it out.cleaning is also easy you just unscrew the top and guide the included brush along the sides of it and toss the lint. i actually was shocked at how much came off just a couple of shirts. i am glad this works because alot of my clothes started to look worn and ugly with the pilling. i have tried an actual razor but that was a pain in the bum. so i am happy with this product and i have had no issues so far!
one thing about, senna gon make you go! it gets the job done. i mixed it with honey and lemon.
it cleaned my shower wonderfully
after weighing 250 pounds for the last six yearsincluding during periods when i ate less andor increased my exercise and lost no weight, i have dropped to 230 in only three months using mcg. i eat whatever i wantalthough i am dramatically less hungry than i ever used to be and i have virtually no cravings for sweets unheardof for me and i am not exercising at all. just as a matter of documentation, i am 46 and 6'4.i have 30 more pounds to lose, and the only reason this is a fourstar review instead of a 5star review is that my weight loss does appear to have stopped. it is been difficult to find clear guidance on whether it is safe to take more of the supplement, and if so, how much more, and that, too, is frustrating. i do not know anything about other brands of this stuff, although i saw a consumer something or other report in which a couple of the other 34;top34; brands were found by laboratory analysis to have either less or none of the active ingredient in them. this particular brand was not included in that study at all.i am not brand loyal by any meansi do not give a darn who makes it and am more than happy to switch if i find a cheaper manufacturerbut i have stuck with miracle because it worked at least this far and i still have three bottles left.to those who tried this and had no benefit, i do not know what to say other than that i am sorry for your lack of results. i regularly eat steak, chicken, salmon and halibut, rice, homemade pasta, quality cheese, organic fresh fruits and veggies, dry roast almonds, homemade ice cream and homemade cherry pie a no sugar added recipe for the latter and i drink about 2 cups of twining's green tea every day. as i said about, i find i am hungry for and thus just comfortably eat much less of these foods at eat sitting than ever before, and have been happy to do so. the supplement is expensive, but i have saved a ton of money taking dinner leftovers to work for lunch the next day.assuming i continue to have curbed cravings and reduced appetite, and assuming my weight loss resumes soon, i really could not be happier. it is hard for me to imagine that this is just a fluke, after trying to budge my weight unsuccessfully for six years and then lose 20 pounds in 90 days. will it all come back ifwhen i stop taking the supplement? is the supplement safe to take longterm to keep my weight down, if the cravings return? as far as i can tell, nobody knows yet.if anybody cares, i will be happy to post an update as time continues to pass. today is may 25, 2014.
i really like this brand of contact lens cleaner. works the best for me.
so, this is not regular powdered horsetail like you would normally buy.  this is 7, so that means they add extra extract, which is going to make this stronger and extremely bitter. since i eat my herbs like food, i do not want this extra extract added to it  the taste is overwhelming and bitter.  plus, it is not green.  good, fresh, dried horsetail powder is supposed to be green.  this is also from china.  i normally get my powdered horsetail grass from starwest herbs, and it is organic and from croatia and tastes wonderful and fresh.  this stuff...tastes gross, wrong color, not organic and from china.  i bought this because it was cheaper than the starwest, so i thought i would give it a try.  but totally not worth it  you get what you pay for.  i am going back to the more expensive horsetail from starwest which is exactly the way horsetail is supposed to look and taste.  i like bulksupplements normally  for supplements and amino acids, vitamins, minerals and chemicaltype stuff.  i highly recommend bulk supplements for vitamins and supplements their quality is good and the price is excellent.  for herbs, i would recommend starwest or frontier  definitely not bulksupplements.
works well!
this is my 34th order, i am using it for my cats with renal issues, so far it seems to really be helpful, i just add it to the daily drinking water and all drink from it.  so the do not mind any taste if there is  one.  it dissolves easily in water.
bought these due to the coating, hoping they would help in the lower gut. did nothing, if fact sometimes they pass right through whole  undigested 12 hours later..
purchased this for my husband because it would be less messy than regular powder.  it is less messy than regular powder, however, it does not work as well.  and it is oddly... greasy?  he reports that it is lotiony in a weird way.  since you usually use powder to keep areas and creases dry.  if it is lotiony or greasy, not so much.if you are hoping for a replacement for powder  this is not it  at least in my husband's opinion.
so glad to have found this supplement in a large quantity at a low price! it is the exact same supplement i was getting at my drug store at a much higher price!
i have one heaping teaspoon a day and it is like eating 3 lbs of carrots.  could you eat 3 lbs of carrot a day...? i know i cannot.a great product!
since i plugged this in a week ago, and my litter box cleaning days have not changed, i am having no odor at all   revealing the existence of a cat in my house.  it makes almost no noise and the only indication that it is on is a soft blue light and a slight breeze.  i cannot attest to it creating a germless environment  how do you test that   but just for the odor management, this is worth the price.  we are in the midst of allergy season, and i have not experienced  any lessening of symptoms, so it may not be much help with allergies.  if you have a cat or dog though, this is a winner!
super big bottles and ample amount for the price.  i was already familiar with this brand and have trusted it.  easy to swallow.  no fishy aftertaste or "burps".  really, no complaints or regrets.
these were great for my birthday, i definitely would recommend it for anyone looking for decorations!
these hemostats are very hard to open and close, almost impossible to do with one hand. i have used many different pairs of hemostats over the years and these are really just terrible.
so far my husband loves this dental plaque remover. this is not going to take the place of your dental hygienist, but it will help maintain in between. my husband has crooked teeth so this helps.the instructions are pretty much nonexistent, so that is huge minus when it comes to this product. you would basically have to figure it all out on your own.overall the product seems to work, but time will tell. just need to have better instructionsnote take off the flimsy rubber tips first.
not good nail cutters.
men's potty portable pee bottle, portable urinals for men, reusable male pee bottle camping toilet thicken men's potty . nice to have in an emergency. i am putting this in my emergency kit to save for an emergency.  oz
love it!! it works!!! no bug bites or sunburns plus no icky bug spray smell. i use it on my 8 month old, and no rash or reactions.
works well and price is good
i had to return this item as the handle was stuck and would not come out of the case.  it was totally stuck and would not budge.  i wrote to frank shaving company in china and they were not helpful. i bought another wsp monarch silver tip badger to replace the returned item.
not bad better then my car seat
some people only refer to facial tissue with one word. do not be like those people.pros  softer than the eponym  better boxes than the eponymcons  why are you reading this, add them to your subscriptions  seriously stop  i am leaving this review while my wife watches some singing show. i wonder who is under this rhino mask?
product was received on time and in great condition. i am a satisfied customer. mls
thank you in advance to the amazon vine program for providing an item to review. a positive review was not required, nor was it requested, and all words are my own.my mother and i suffer from chronic pain  knees, back, shoulder.part of pain management is heat therapy. in some cases  moist heat.it is difficult to get a moist heating pad. and, its also difficult to get it to contour or fit the difficult areas  knees, shoulder ... ankle. either you are awkwardly sitting, laying, or balancing something.id been seeing and hearing about these microwave packs and took a chance on it.this was a dual pack so that meant one for my almost 70 year old mom who lives with me and one for me.first thing that struck me when i got the package  what the heck did i order? it was heavy. i almost worried that perhaps id gotten something i could not use.i took one, and gave one to my mother.she was the first to use it. she loved it! only 120 seconds 2 minutes in the microwave and it lasts for about 10 minutes. she can place it on her shoulder and it stays put. the moist heat does the trick in alleviating pain.a few days after she tried hers, my knee was in horrific pain. it was so bad i was dragging it around. so, i warmed mine up. and, as hers did not get that warm  i went three 3 minutes. i wrapped it around my knee with the velcro, and .... wow! it was hot! i could barely tolerate it. so, this really gets hot. i have had regular heating pads on high heat and barely felt it. this  i felt it!i did not have it on that long, but i can state  this gets warm! and, it stays warm.the velcro closure is heavy duty and i felt like i might end up tearing the poor thing. the weight makes sure it stays in place.we love it and honestly, it might the last heating pad we ever get! also  they are huge!
i absolutely love these prerolls. first off, they are made out of natural cotton cellulose, water, and glycerin  all natural ingredients  not plastic  and they smoke sooooo well!! i highly recommend purchasing ;
i have been wanting to buy a henry mask for a while. finally, i bought one. it is so welldesigned and fits my face nicely! they are breathable as described. also, they are stylish. the straps are very comfortable and do not aggravate me. i will be buying more of these masks.
i hate vinegarany.  i read it is good for so many things i thought i would give it a try.
works good for my mother who is 91.
i bought this because i read that it helps with constipation issues. after taking this supplement for several days i found my constipation issue were much worse and i was bloating a lot. i would not recommend this supplement if your looking to alleviate constipation.
seems to be legit.  i get a little nervous buying from 3rd parties due to possible knock offs.
my husband said he was not impressed by this flavor and it took a lot to get a hint of the orange. he did say he got a hit of orange creamsicle taste but it too a great deal of the product to get that hint. also this product is not part of prime and the shipping cost was more then the price i paid so not a great bargain unless you were to buy many more flavors. this is not the first capella flavor he has tried and while they indeed taste like the descriptions it takes a great deal more product to achieve then other brands. now this is in reference to using it to make homemade vape juice and i am sure if using for food purposes the flavor would be must stronger. all in all, it is just ok, and will not be ordering again.
acai is great if you want to reduce your appetite. if you eat for pleasure then it might not work as well. i found that in two months of taking this supplement i did not lose a great deal of weight as reported in some reviews but i did see dramatic results in the clarity and radiance of my skin. this supplement contains powerful antioxidants which protect the cells from free radicals. so if you are interested in skin health then i can recommend this to you. for me it has not helped me lose weight in a dramatic way as advertised in many blogs.the rebecca review
these pads work great nice
this glasses strap stays on the glasses even with thin ear pieces.  i would order it again.
love this, its'  all natural, its lasts a very long time, have found a way to make this to save money
works good my legs are so soft after i use this
compact classy little pill case. not much else to say. its so simple, but looks nice on my keychain with brown leather and other brass items.
cute packaging and i like the scooper because it makes it really easy to fill my water bottles. this cherry flavor is really off. it has a weird aftertaste that is sort of plasticky.i drink caffeine powder mixes daily and this was not what i expected. it did not smell weird to me like another person commented but the flavor is not good at all.  the other flavors might be better.
best stuff ever.  cannot be without.  good for joints.  i feel and look hydrated. highly recommended.
these socks are great. the fabric is soft, smooth, lovely. feels really nice next to my skin. i love how colorful  fun these compression socks are because all i have found up until now were just drab tan, black or white stockings that looked hideous. just because i have peripheral vascular return issues with my lower extremities feet, calves does not mean i want to look so frumpy wearing the traditional compression hose. these are so cute, bright  colorful. the only downside is that i am wearing these due to leg swelling  when my calves are real swollen which is often unfortunately, the design on some of these socks gets stretched out, making it so you lose the very thing that makes these so pretty. the design stretches enough to where it looks blurry to completely lost at times  not so colorful. this has not happened on all the one's i have purchased i have about 6 pairs. but definitely on some of them. if you are very thin or do not experience much swelling this probably will not be a problem at all. a solution to this would be if the company made them in a couple of sizes. maybe just small  large.
i like these pacific gloves, there nicer then other gloves i have bought before.the gloves are very comfortable, not the heavy thick ones  that i have bought at the grocery store before, thathave always been too big, clumsy,  and uncomfortable, and i usually would only use about 3 times and forget about them.these are a size medium, fit me, but the small would have been better, i have long thin fingers.the inside is soft and actually feels good.i use these pacific gloves for doing the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher, and washing my heavy cast iron pans.these gloves get a good grip on heavy cookware.i also like the sleeves  are long, and the water does not run inside, and i use them for gardening.good price for two utility gloves.
not for me. stomach upset.
i love this dry brush!  i have never heard of dry brushing before but i am glad i did!  the dry brush is very invigorating.  i used it on the backs of my arms and legs and my back in circular motions. i wish now i had bought the handle, my husband helped me it felt so good and left my skin with a rosy glow.  after showering i felt the circulation much improved in all the areas i brushed.  first day it just felt good. the second time i used it i noticed my skin tightening a bit and the skin on my arms felt softer, even my lotion seemed to absorb better.  i am very satisfied with the construction of the brush also.  its well worth what i paid.  the strap is secure and it has a groove in the back to attach a handle, which i am purchasing right away!
these are surprisingly thicker than i imagined but still allowed me enough maneuverability to get dishes and household cleaning done. my hands are on the smaller side so this is always an ongoing issue. for being as sturdy as they are, i like that i could still use them. these gloves provide a great alternative to anyone with latex issues. only used these for a week or so but there are no signs of wear on them as yet.
this flavor is scrumptious, very soft and creamy, almost feels like a full calorie, full sugar dessert, but without all the carbs and sugars. very satisfying to me. just remember to warm them in a micro for just a few seconds that is the big catch so do not plan on using them for on the go unless you leave them someplace warm where they will stay soft.
great pads and they wash up nice... only issue is that since the cleaning agents are in the disposable pads from irobot you get just plain water unless you spray your floors with cleaner.. i used the wet mop pads to get the sticky dirty stuff and then used a disposable to get the floors clean by running the mop again.
these detergent packs have a really awful odor when you open the container.  i did not want them to be "scented" and they are not but they have an offputting odor for sure.  they do not make the dishes or the air smell bad, thankfully.  they also work very well and do not leave any residue on the dishes.  4 stars for that smell...bleh
great product, only issue is getting it on the walker so it is stable and also i suggest having a two sided rubber trivit like a jar opener to reduce anything sliding on the tray when you walk.
i have been using this for grilling and salads and it tastes great. i am not too crazy about the plastic bottle though, so i used it to top off a glass bottle that i had previously used and will continue to add to that one. it has a very smooth taste and many, many uses!
this massager is ok  i can recline in my zerogravity chair and it is pretty nice behind my low back, holds up to my weight but i can tell it is starting to struggle a little as opposed to another brand i have that does not give in at all. i also would not advertise it as a neck massager  it is too wide for the neck. scrapes the outline of the traps but that is about it, not bad on upper back. it is a onetrick pony but that is what these little massage pillows are. it is a 3.5  pretty good, not great, and compared to another one i have reviewed, slightly underwhelming enough to not give it a 4.
works as intended
this is an attractive and giftable set of six bath bombs. the amazon site says the four fragrances are lavender, vanilla, rose, and orange but it was hard for me to detect those aromas. they all smell nice  but the fragrance difference is super subtle. they are made with essential oils.i tried the greenishbluishyellow bomb in my foot bath. i used hot to tepid water and suds were created in the foot bath and the bomb fizzed as shown in the video. it eventually in about 10 minutes dissolved in the water as i bathed my feet. my feet felt clean and i liked the subtle scent. my feet also came out feeling  soft. unfortunately, there was a slight adherence of the green color of the bomb to my ankles and heels but it was ever so slight. a white bathtub might develop a slight ring of color around it from these bombs but i suspect it would immediately wash off. insofar as "performance," these bombs are really good. luckily i had a strainer in my sink because i had no idea there was a surprise miniature animal figurine in these. i had a little dinosaur in mine. although no price is listed, i suspect these will be priced between 16.99 and 18.99.
i need dark to sleep.  these do the job, blocking light perfectly and comfortably.
cute nail trimmer. gets the job done
they were all tangled up together in a baggy. they are awfully thin and of poor quality. several of them broke after 2 or 3 uses. they were packaged in a sloppy manner.
i take it with meals especially ones that are heavy in fat and it helps with digestion... i used to get bloated and my motility bowel movements would be slow.. but taking this product along with my main meals gets ride of the bloating... also i feel a little more energy  in a sense that since i am not bloated all the time, i have an easier time to move around and be active...
i compared this with elderberry emergenc ec.  the ingredients are similar as far as sugar 5g, vit. d3 125 and 50mg elderberry.  this one has 25mg zinc227 compared with 10mg with ec; vitamin c is low at 270mg, 1000mg ec. i like more vit. c.  this one does have turmeric root extract 140mg which scores with me.  salt is the 4th ingredient with 23 of daily sodium, 29 chloride.  that is a lot for me.  i definitely taste it.you absolutely need to mix this in 16ou of water.  it does not fizz.  stir it.  mild citrus taste.  overall, not my cup of sport's drink or immunity drink.  i think if you are out sweating hard, like a lineman in a football game, or prefer more nacl than this will work for you.  the ingredients and packaging otherwise look good.
you cannot curl lashes with this product, but the customer service is great, i returned without any problems
nice large 21oz. bottle of a body lotion i have not heard of before!the scent is cherry almond. the first scent i smelled when using this is cherry, which is not my favorite.i like almond better, but the scent does not last long.this is not a greasy lotion. it goes into my skin ,my legs and hands have been very dry, and my other lotionswhere not helping much.but this mountain falls seems to help to soften my hands, and the do look better in a short time.i am not a fan of some of the ingredients in this,  so i was surprised my hands do not look so old after using this a fewtimes a day.came nicely packaged and no leaks, but the trouble i had with this bottle was getting the pump to come up ,soi could use this..not deducting for that.
not more than a glorified piece of velcro. not what was expected.
this has really helped with the styes in my eyes. i had about 2 on the rim of my upper eye lid and one on the rim of my lower eye lid. and i had a couple of styes on my other eye too. i used to apply this oil 23 times a day with a q tip. after going through a couple of bottles i found they had all disappeared one after the other over a period of 12 months. no side effects nothing
i loved it! i just barely got it. it arrived pretty fast... it looks way better then i thought it would, feels and looks high end. it works waayyy better than some high ends eyelash curlers i have had  can be compared to other ones that i bought for a ridiculous price. i super recomend this one.. you get a great product for an amazing price.
i buy a lot of turmeric powder either from amazon or from my nearest multicultural food market.  i make what is called, "golden paste" out of turmeric, coconut oil, water and freshly ground black pepper.  it has helped me and my husband immensely with bone and joint health.  i am 62 and play very competitive tennis, singles and doubles against opponents less than half my age and i often win.  i am a true believer in the miracle of golden paste as my previously super sore and creaky knees have been transformed into those of a 25 year old's  no kidding.  please google "golden paste" and see how easy it is to make at home and give it a try.  when this organic turmeric came up on my list of items i could review it took less than a nano second to select it.  i think it is wonderful, it comes in 3 smaller bags instead of one big one and it seems to be among the best organic turmeric i have used.
these work great to wipe... if you can keep hold of them! they slide all around and they dry out pretty fast. i think if they were each maybe twice as big, it would not be so difficult to use these to remove nail polish. i have to stack 2 together to effectively remove the nail polish. but they are lint free, there no problem there!
while packaged attractively and according to the company website  all organic ingredients, it is not clear how much evidence there is for the longterm or short term effectiveness of the aromatherapy blends.  this particular blend is heavy on ginger but dissipates very quickly.  while no doubt the initial whiff provides a positive awakening energy, it does not linger long enough to be able to notice significant change in mood or any symptoms.  unsure if at this price point, it provides significant advantage over using one's own blends in diffusers.
i was ready to throw my shoes in the garbage. this saved them after 2 applications!
christmas hat that is cute and fits nicely
bought this for my daughters law and she just loves it. she gets to practice at home away from her job. she was pleased so i am satisfied. the delivery was quick and the packaging who great.
these are so handy to have around, especially if you are really into health and beauty stuff. they are on the thin side when you open them up and remind me of gauze just a little thicker and more absorbent, but i find they are very useful folded as is in the container.i use these with my toner or just to blot my face after washing and before adding my serum. i also use them to wrap up open beauty products so that they do not get all dusty or damaged ie. brushes; in that way, they are best opened up and wrapped around the item.this is a huge pack so if you just use 12 a day, like me, it is going to last a good amount of time. these are also good when doing mild chemical peels at home  for applying the peelserum to your face. much like cotton ballsrounds, these are a musthave for any beauty enthusiast.a discounted sample was provided for evaluation and unbiased review.
for my condition, the male comfort fit  advantage is easy to use and easy to empty and clean in the morning.
i finally have to admit that i am getting older and my feet hurt. when i wear boots in particular,  after a couple of hours in i have to take them off or sit down because the balls of my feet will burn and it is just uncomfortable.i have some knee damage and i broke my foot a few years ago so these days even more than before, i am aware of how uncomfortable feet affect my mood,  my posture and my balance.when you are not walking straight and even late  it can affect your hip and lower back as well . these insoles are an absolute godsend. in my pictures you will see how much thicker they are near the balls of the feet than the ones you get at the store,  or even the custom ones i had made at a local store. nothing beats these for comfort. the gel is thick and distributes evenly in such a way that i feel like i am wearing my slippers all day. i live in south texas, where boots are an absolute staple, in the summer or winter, and these insoles have made such a difference!you will have to cut them down to size just like with most insoles that you buy at the store,  and since they are thicker than any others i have ever bought, i do need to wear thinner socks. but since boots western ones, in particular tend to be a little roomier,  these insoles work perfectly with them.i do not know what negative ion technology is but i really do not need to know the details. all i need to know is that these will stay in my boots and i will replace them every six months as recommended because i have never been more comfortable in my boots! after wearing them the first day, my daughter borrowed them from me and put them in her shoes because she was planning on a long day at school and work. she too was amazed...at 23 years old she has discovered that gel insoles are not just for old ladies like her mom. i never thought i would be sitting here riding along review about my feet come on my boots or insoles, but here i am raving about my latest discovery! i can definitely recommend this to anyone.
was suppose to come with a case and it did not and it does not work good at all.
bright colors on black background on a good sized poster.  colors pop!  only complaint would be that i wish was more detailed.  the 6" x 4" book cover to accompany the poster has more detail, just harder to see.  for a beginner is perfect.
great product!  i recently purchased and used emmy's best pet odor  stain eraser.  my dog was a naughty puppy and urinated in our family room and the odor was strong. after receiving the product, i carefully followed the instructions that came with it.  the results are astounding, it worked! there is no more odor, no more stain, and my dog does not show any interest in returning to the spot.  i will be a repeat customer.
this is great for when i get really wound up, tackling too many projects at once, when my body is tired but my brain will not shut down to sleep, and when i cannot stay asleep for a good night's rest. i like that it is a natural source of melatonin plain melatonin is synthesized because it occurs in such small amounts naturally. i take this amino acid with others to support my health. i trust source naturals; i have not found any problems with their products on consumer lab's website. i have been taking ltryptophan for a couple years intermittently, and daily for the past three months.
i read the reviews and was scared it might break when installing so i called drive medical and a tech walked me through each step. not only that but he took the model number and installed one with me while we were on the phone. that way he was able to give more detailed instructions when the upper washer seemed to not fit. well it got installed in about 5 minutes with no tools and is perfect for me. there are more expensive models but this has all the features recommended by my occupational therapist. in fact, she installed it with me. she thought it important for me to have an onoff switch in the handle and the ability to divert water into the regular shower head as needed. it is the perfect length, color and very easy for me to handle. plus, it came in 24 hours and i did not pay extra!
i recommend this to everyone. this is a life saver!!!! if you have a baby or a child that has nose discharge or is congested i would definitely use this. it saves time and energy. it has different settings for suction and easy to clean.
very happy.  good quality,  packaging and product. quick delivery.
for the money its really worth it plus more. i have not had any issues with it and i have had it for a year. it helps so much.
i followed the instructions and this product seemed to help my slow kitchen drain.  it has been about two weeks now since i finished using it and everything seems to be working well. i will get more and use it as maintenance to keep my drain clear. i really liked that it was so easy to use and each dose was in it is own bottle. so all i had to do was shake it and pour the liquid down the drain. no mixing or measuring.
i have went through about 4 foot spa machines and this by far is the best and i will surely keep. it is big. enough space for my husband who is a size 11 and he says he still has a lot of room. second, i love the remote control and drain. something i have not really considered and am glad i got this. honestly, i got this on a whim. thinking id just return it if i end up not liking it. did not read that it had a remote lol. as you see in the video it works so hooray! the drain is kind of slow but do not let that stop you. if spillage is your concern, this drains slowly and no spills. third, the heater works!! unlike some that only retain the heat, this one really heats up the water for you. i know because i put cold tap water and heated it to 40. fourth... i loooove the rollers at the bottom. this made filling up and then moving it near the couch so easy. no carrying for me, less mess, less spillage. fifth, the cover and the tools that came with it. they are useful bonuses. if you are like me who like to keep things dust free, the cover is something that you will surely appreciate. and of course the tools.. at first i did not use them but they helped to get the smaller areas of my husbands feet. i do not know how to use all of them but i am sure they will all play a role someday lol. overall, recommend. steep price but it is not your regular foot spa. it is worth it i promise!
very comfortable to wear. they really are as comfortable as a pair of glasses, even with a shield attached.unfortunately, there is such a gap on each side, i would not wear this without a mask underneath. these face shields would be useful if you are only expecting something to splatter right between your eyes, or in the exact middle of your face. nowhere else.so these are fine, depending on the level of protection you are looking for.the shields attach with a pulloff tape that sticks to the eyeglass portion.
i like that it has a backlight for easy reading. it is also quite accurate.
these masks are soft and comfortable to wear, but i wear eyeglasses and these masks do nothing to prevent fogging when you are wearing the mask. although the fabric is 2 ply, your breath freely passes through the fabric and causes instant eyeglass fogging whenever the temperatures are cool. since i live in minnesota, cold temperatures are a constant issue. very disappointed. i expected more from this purchase
this toothbrush is just ok, rated 3 stars. the toothbrush base itself feels very lightweight and cheap. the heads are very hard to get on, and the bristles feel pretty cheap and soft. the toothbrush does have a few different types of "modes" of vibration patterns, but i am not sure how that would benefit the user.
they could be a little thicker so they hold the loop better
this is great for my contacts!  i use it to rinse off the contact solution they stay in each night. and i love being able to get 3 cans at once.
disappointed! and frustrated with myself for being fooled by great marketing. blueberry bliss is actually soy and different kinds of sugar in a bar. they taste just ok, and are not a healthy alternative to other sweets. just another bar full of soy and other crap. do not waste your money! nothing blissful about this bar.i hope i have finally learned my lesson! most bars are junk.
i have very dry skin, and this cream works wonders. lasts 24 hours on my body but due to washing my hands so much, i have to reapply several times a day. well worth the price.
does not always give accurate numbers
we are enjoying this as a thickening agent, from pudding to finger jello.
bath wrap
super comfortable. makes traveling long distances in the vehicle much less painful for my hips and sacroiliac joints. i love it. my husband tried the cushion and enjoyed it so much that he wanted one. now he loves his, too.
i love that they will not able to slide off my glasses!!!
this is a white noise sound machine with a total of 6 sounds. it "sits up" like an alarm clock. i love that it is battery operated. i charged it overnight. this comes with a usb cable not the typical micro usb; perhaps type c, the unit itself, and an instruction pamphlet. operation is simple as per my video. press and hold the onoff button for about three seconds to turn the unit on or off.  rotate the dial on the front to move through the six sounds of brook, thunder, white noise, wave, wind, and bonfire. all but one sound is pure annoying noise.the timer can be set from 20 to 120 minutes. each press turns on a light in the front of the unit and when the lights are off, it means the timer is off.there is a nightlight feature that only works when powered on. the nightlight button is in the center top. there are three light varieties that can be cycled through with each press and the 4th press will turn off the light.  the first press turns on a light dot that rotates around the dial. the second press turns on one side of dots, then turns off the top dot and turns on the next bottom dot until it cycles around the dial with half the dots on and half off. the next press keeps all the dots lit. this is what they call breathing lights.the volume buttons are on the right side top that can be used to increase or decrease volume.the current price of 16.19 26.99 minus 40 would be extremely reasonable for this if i liked it but i do not. it has a limited musical repertoire that is more annoying noise than anything else and the nightlight feature is more of a series of indicator lights. i like the look of this and that it is battery operated. i also like the simple operation. however, the two most important features nightlight and sound are lackluster in my opinion.
these bars literally make you forget you are eating them for energy.  they taste more like a snack food, but they work wonders.  the variety pack is a great way to try new flavors too.
one pair actually went too far into my ear, was able to get it out with tweezer. the bigger set does not block out most noise.
this works like a dream. simple, perfect curls. but there is a huge problem. it does not stay charged to curl your whole head. i got a little over halfway done and the battery died. it was only on for about 20 minutes. who has time to stop and recharge halfway through styling?? so sad because it works great but the battery dying is unacceptable.
gets the job done and the spray smells wonderful! nice microfiber towel too!  you will definitely want this product to keep your yoga mat clean!
good for my yard waste.
excellent bee pollen! good to eat by the spoonful, if you can afford it. very satisfying. if it was half the price i would add it to half my dishes!
i bought this unit because i have a lot of shoulder and neck pain. this is my second tens unit and it is definitely better than the first one i had. i am very nearsighted and 70 years old and i can easily read the screen on this one. i do not have to get out my magnifying glass to read the screen,  which is very important when you are uncomfortable  and trying to get some relief.it arrived packaged very well as you can see from the video i attached and even fits back into the box which is unusual! i will keep this unit and a few pads and the manual in the enclosed pouch and store it right by my recliner. that way i can keep the box in my closet and just have the tidy pouch sitting right by my chair where i need it. i usually use the pads for 30 minutes and find that my neck and shoulders are much improved. the pads stay sticky after many uses so this unit will be by my side for a long time! my sister tried it out  i was so impressed she pulled out her phone and ordered one right from the recliner! this saves me a lot of trips to the chiropractor and lot of copays.  it definitely pays for itself quickly. it was an excellent purchase.
the low pressure from this replacement renders  the machine useless.update within 3 months of purchasing, the bigger side button sticks, which most certainly renders the machine useless.
this does not smell as strong as some others but it is a large quantity of eucalyptus oil for the price
we live in savannah georgia. this is the only thing that keeps the bugs sand gnats away. it is little oily but it works.
great price, works as expected
the opening is not as wide as expected.  i would look elsewhere if you are looking for a toenail cutter for thick nails.  i will have to keep looking.
great product i thought the bottle was glass not plastic. but i love that its not easy to break and looks very expensive. easy to swallow.
these do not work as well as i remember them working as a kid, but does the job. 12 even 14 tablet works just as well as a whole. fun for the kids, but i will not order them again  not worth the price!
this was a test with something i am not real femilure with.  not a product for me, but i have seen my mom use them before.
used them when i had to stand for a long time.  helps my feet a lot
the vitamin c in these gummies is ascorbic acid and scientific research says that is not really vitamin c.  i think the best ingredient in these gummies is the zinc.  zinc is a good at helping the immune system to fight off cold viruses.  these gummies taste great and i could eat the entire bottle in one sitting if i did not exercise control, but i am not too keen on the vitamin c source.
great product and reasonable price for the quality.
love that this is compostable!  gets way more junk out of my teeth than glide floss tmi, i know!
they might have more omega3s but it is really hard to see any actual effect vs other pills.  these are not quite as big as some but not as small as others.
perfect for icing my lower back when inflamed with arthritis!
very thin do not fit well
these panties are hands down the most comfortable undies i have owned, period. the sizing is perfect and they do not ride up or down, ever.  you can tell these are qualitymade panties as the texture feels sturdy, yet they are incredibly soft to touch. i can tell they will last. also, another great feature about these panties is that they do not show the panty line when you are wearing tight pants. for such comfortable wear, you will not look like you are wearing granny panties!i bought these for 39.90 and it appears the price has gone down a bit  now 36.90, but i will definitely be purchasing another pair here in a couple of months.
what a fabulous footcare product this is! the metallic turquoise coating of this handheld file device is visually attractive, and the ergonomic design gives it a shape that is extremely easy to grip and comfortably hold. the bottom surface features a whole sea of circular nanoblades that painlessly file away rough and dry skin in an instant, and then the powdered skin particles immediately rinse away with ease! the foot scrubber arrives with a drawstring plastic pouch that is great for storage between uses, and i would highly recommend this affordable product to all my friends and family. i am so impressed with this one!
bought this as a gift for a hockey playing 12 year old grandson.  since we have the blue orange version, i know he will love playing it with teammates on their trips out of town.
so tasty and they help
your job will not let you use smokeless tobacco on the job?  no worries, friend!  get some of these teaza pouches and they will help get you through the day.  they taste good and temporarily satisfy cravings.
let us face it, unlike men, it can be difficult for a woman to go to the bathroom outside. we purchased some acreage and needed something that would be easy to use with our luggable loo. this product was convenient and did a pretty good job controlling waste smell.
these clippers are sold under various brand names but have one thing in commonthey do the job. regular clippers that are of the same design always used to scare me because for what ever reason they were too imprecise and often ended up cutting into the nail's quick and frankly made me avoid clipping my nails until they were past due. eventually i gave up using clippers and just used the scissors in my swiss army knife which lead to imprecise cuts that needed filing to look acceptable but at least they did not draw blood.  thick solid build that made me realize just how cheaply regular clippers were stamped out. the cutting edges are precisely machined and in the 8 years i have owned them there is no perceived dulling of the cutting edges.  the product should last a life time  a lot of time i have just held them and admired how precisely they were built and how attractive the results were. i own both sizestoenaillarge and fingernailsmall and find the small size hard to to get a firm grip on,i would recommend caution about  the small size regardless of your finger size and opt for the large regardless for both toe and fingernails. the only thing approaching second rate is the brand name decal stuck in the indentation, the clippers themselves should have green bell stamped on back. they sold as seki edge but are the same green bell clippers.
had difficulty finding in retail stores. pleased to have found it online. really good product and easy to use. no harsh chemical smell and easy to rinse off leaving no residue.
not worth it at all. it is as if i did not use anything. yes it was on taught and tight. no, as you can see it let water in and soaked the  gauze that was covering the stiches that i had to keep dry
product as described. i have straight super fine long hair, it takes a while to detangle, even with this brush.. i would not say it is a miracle but it is better than yanking through with a traditional brush
i was very dissapointed.  for the last year all i have heard is that wraps and herbal gels are the best thing since sliced bread.  well, i was not impressed.  i applied the herbal body wrap gel sold by forever young to my thighs and arms.  the amazon ad said to just apply the gel to targeted areas.  well i did.  i did twice a day.  i did this for a week.  nothing.i was using this as a jumpstart to my new yoga and new lifestyle.  i know nothing is a golden pill to a perfect body, but seriously i did expect something.disclosure  i purchased this at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased feedback.  the above review is my opinion.
great product.  i have ordered this product several times for my great uncle who brushes his teeth too hard.
i like ked this bottle but after using it on my glasses it seems to quit working. so i thought it was a glass cleaner. never said that. so i cleaned my glasses first and spray lasted about 34 hours. nice convienant bottle
i love this
i love my hot heart massager. it is reusable and remains ready to use until you flex the internal metal button. the solution inside then crystallizes, producing heat in the process. the heart remains flexible even after the crystals have formed, making it suitable for hot massage.
fit true to size.great quality. comfortable. non fading. good price.goid timing. but after wearing 4 times started to see holes in leg area disappointed.
this twopack glove set is well made, comfortable and durable. the blue pair has a thin flocked lining that feels soft against my skin and the unlined gloves are very durable. i feared they may be too short to reach the bottom of a 5gallon bucket, but they are plenty long and end about 3" below my elbow. the size medium was a perfect fit and even though they are thicker gloves they are still flexible and tactile. i recommend these!
there are 30 shiny gold boxes that are perfect for christmas gifts, cookies, cupcakes, or other classy but lightweight gifts. they come in one piece and unfold easily into a reasonablysized box. the bottom is interlocking and just unfolds easily into place. each box should be able to fit about one to two pounds of cookies depending on the size of the cookie. i can even get an appropriatelysized tiny cake in this box. overall, i think these are classy and wellmade but they are thinner than i expected. therefore, these are for lightweight items only. also, i would recommend using tissue paper or foil on the bottom before using to carry treats to stabilize the box a bit. the current price of 17.99 is competitive as it comes to .60 cents each box.
this summer, my pops ended up looking like rudolph the red nose reindeer from the weightfriction of his glasses. luckily, these were available  i got them for him. he is now back to his normal grouchy self, minus the red nose.
this shake tasted horrible. i tried mixing it with different things to mask the flavor, but it not help.
the stool is very easy to assemble. it rolls very easily over either floors or carpets. the cushion is comfy. i read some reviews complaining of its longevity. i hope mine holds up for a long time.
convenient way to store  protect credit cards from fraud.  easy push button opener.  fits all my cards and slides easily into my pocket or purse.  peace of mind.
love  this product.
i love swanson products and this is a mainstay in our home for things like poison ivy prevention or treatment, certain pain, etc.  do a search on rhus tox and what it is all for
wholly jump'in judas does regular tissues after a couple of days of runny nose tear the space between your nose holes as raw as a bad fitting sneakers in a marathon? a couple days of sniffles is endurable but that raw skin under your nose lasts.these are the genuine best solution i have found. do yourself a big favor with these.
love this brand and their beautiful designsgood pricing. great quality too. this is my third pair.
wonderful or someone like me who uses them each morning, i have a box in every room in my house. could not  live without them on hand.
well one size will fit most skinny people. i doubt thesewill accomodate plus sizes or curvy figures. that being said they are nicely made. the waist band is wide and textured. the insides are soft fleece while the exterior is smooth. they do stretch but not far. they are form fitting but comfortable. instructions say to hand wash. not in this lifetime. i laundered in a lingerie bag in cold water on the gentle cycle. turned out fine.
blocks out all light but does not stop sounds completely.
we have been using happy bowls for the last couple of years and we would not go camping without them.  these are the best invention since sliced cheese!
hi,i purchased a large container of berry lemonade. i do like it. i only wish i know the source of color. it is blue. i would prefer a more natural color.
i have been taking this liquid vitamin daily and at first the taste is not great at all. you eventually get used to the taste after a few days. i have already noticed an increase in my energy level since taking this!
i thought the smell was awful. my three kids tasted it and they all hated it. they usually love this kind of stuff. i give them lemonflavored liquid fish oil, which they love, and it looks like we will continue with that.made with algae and it smells and tastes like it. the citrus flavor only seems to make it worse.
these are very soft and comfortable. i have wide hands and did not feel any restriction wearing them. i was able to keep them on all night. the gloves and ancient greek remedy oil helped my winter beaten, cooking, cleaning hands in one night. better than any daytime hand cream, that really does not fix the damaged skin.
simple to use, easy to clean.  unfortunately it uses a lot of water to create the vacuum, so that is a downside.  i could use siphoning as a means to change water in my tank but the distance to the sink from my tank is 30 feet, so it is a little difficult to make it happen easily, but could be in the future because of the water usage.
i love this soaker so much that i purchased more for family members!
i am older and have some recurring pains  my right shoulder is the worst.  it is part of carpal tunnel syndrome from typing most of my life.  some days my right shoulder feels like concrete has been poured in the joints, making my shoulder heavy and hard to move plus painful.  i place a pad on the front, just above my armpit and then one pad on the back, usually around the outer edge of the shoulder blade.  i could attach two more pads, but usually two is enough.  i then choose a pattern, strength and time and let the tens unit do the rest.  the electrical charge that passes aroundthrough the muscle mass in that area does help to ease the stiffness and pain.  i cannot say how much this helps me  all i can say is that it does help and is a great way to relieve pain without using drugs.
was great but some of the letters did not have a valve to put air in, so we could not blow up!!
perfect weight and good quality!
i have had trouble making fermented vegetables w just sea salt so wanted to try a culture.  my veggies turned out great with this culture! will be making more soon!
it is ok, but my hair dye was too thick  i could not use the bottle normally.kind of expensive.
it works great for scrubbing but the 360 swivel action has a mind of it is own.  it does not stay in a locked position.
blended well into my smoothies. not much taste difference with the other vegetables and things.
more of a dull gold vs bright gold
this japanese style bench is a great addition to my bathroom, i love the ease of sitting under the shower and washing my legs and feet and not having to worry about balancing myself, get one i think you will be very happy with this purchase.
i love this dental floss and i cannot find it anywhere locally. i hope they have not stopped making it already. this is the same kind my dentist's office gives me a sample of each time i go in for cleaning. it is the only floss that i can get comfortably in between my teeth.
all natural formula. each "serving" contains 40 billion cfu a serving is 2 capsules  they promise a minimum potency of 20 billion could by the expiration date. there is 60 capsules in the bottle. the probiotics strains listed there are 4 of them seem to be similar to others with names like bifidobacterium andclactobacillus, etc. the difference in this product being the "macktrek bipass technology", which appears to refer to the specific blend and how it survives into your system. the capsules are easy to swallow gel caps and they are defined as "shelf stable", the bottle i got has an expiration date approximately 5 months from when i received them.
our carafe was a nasty mess inside, but no more. this product is easy to use and extremely effective.
used this to make my vanilla! love this stuff! best vanilla ever! would buy again!
i like this product. works well.
as expected, but cannot hang on the side of a wheelchair because it is too long and rubs against the wheel.
product description was incorrect on size.  was not even close on fitting!
not sure why anyone would buy any others on here that do not have the correct ingredients. spending money for no impact on whatever health issues you are having. this is really good and comes with instructions on how to brew it. it works!
these little cord locks make all the difference in mask fitting and comfort.  i use a tiny crochet hook to slip them on to the cord.  i make masks and people like this option on them.
a very close personal friend of mine has recently lost a few of her furry kids that she has had for around 15 years. she has been really heart broken and it does not help that she has a few more kitties around the same age. she does cat rescue and even though she has several other kitties she takes it very hard when she loses 1 of her beloved pets.she does not have any children of her own so her animals are her babies. she also lost her beloved father a few years ago so she has had her share of sadness. so i have been thinking about making her a bracelet that would have  charms to do with cats and dogs and maybe something to do with her dad. kind of like a remembrance bracelet.this wing charm is perfect to add to my remembrance bracelet.this is the  flora mcqueen personalized guardian angel wing charm birthstone charms mother bracelet charm fmc2001by anmaopros...the wing means....gauadian angelnickel freestainless steel....so it will not rusthole size is 4.8 mm to 5 mmeco friendlyhypoallergeniccomes with a gift bagfits pandora braceletscons...absolutely nonei received this product to test  for free and i was only asked to give my honest opinion. i did not receive any type of compensation for doing so. all opinions are my own or that of my husband if he helped me to test it. if i have a change of mind after i have tested it longer i will come back and update my review whether good or bad.
the picture is not what i got. i got the short ones with the pointed end which are much poorer quality than the ones in the photo with the squared end.
i bought these for cleaning out little things around the house that you could not get a cloth inside. they are very handy.
the product is awesome but the sellers sometimes cut the fabric into multiple pieces giving you a small cloth to use be careful.
i ordered the wrong size so i cannot tell you how well they work or do not work. i will have to wait to get a new grandbaby to find out. i will update when i can test them.
well made, sturdy and easy to use. the doors open in the same direction making it easier to get out pills.  the boxes are the largest i have seen.  only problem is that the pills can get stuck in groove between am and pm boxes, but each row can be lifted out easily to get the pills out of the groove.
solid construction and efficient. this ear and nose trimmer does a nice job of trimming without any pulling or risk of injury. it is not terribly loud, either. recommended.
got since we have cats. i liked that it only needed changed once a year and with just a light bulb. with the litter boxes i was hoping it would help with any smell. one of my cats also has asthma so hoped it would help her. not sure it has really helped with any of that and have one in each room. i do not like that they added a coupon into each box and said for your purchases you would get this credit. though it was not for each one and only for one yet put one in each box and did not say for only one on them so did not like the false advertising included. would not of bothered to enter all of them if it would of stated that.
was not a very noticeable change
hear these are just the best to use! grabbed 3 packs
i believed this may help with leg cramps...not so sure.  i did not notice any wow effect.
great deal. good price and good quality. will definitely purchase again.
more than likely if you are using this you are under the care of a doctor.  it is a fabulous dressing although admittedly expensive.  i wish mine lasted several days but a day is all i see to be able to get out of them before they need to be changed.it is good that there is no adhesive border.  wounds are typically irregular in shape and the entire area most be covered.  if you can not find one large enough you can use two together.  if there was an adhesive border it would then stick to the wound which would be harmful.  it is much easier to use your own adhesive which you know will not irritate your skin.  as my skin is easily irritated it is necessary i use an adhesive for fragile skin and many of the adhesive borders already in place end up damageing my skin
these makeup remover pads are nice because they have a white side and a black side. the black side is best for removing makeup and the white side is best for applying toner or whatever you use. i have other white ones that are totally stained with makeup even after being washed a dozen times. they are made of 70 bamboo and 30 cotton and come with a bag to wash. make sure you tie that bag tight before machine washing or you will be spilling cotton pads everywhere. i did notice that the panda on the front of the packaging is the exact same logo as the wwf panda named chi chi and i am sure that panda logo has a copyright.
works well, does what is says and helps keep you feeling clean an dry.
i needed something to keep my medical stuff in at home.  this is holding 2 bp machines, o2 meter, glucometer in the outer pockets plus a few other things.  i like to be organized and have "like" things together.  i am happy that all my medical equipment is together in one bag.
i love these, very clean eating and easy to transport because they do not melt in the heat. i carry one with me at all times.
if you need noise cancellation do not waste money in this. the silicone plugs... well. you can hear the same having them on or not, how it is even possible??? it does not matter the shapes, colors, nada. having this things in the ear canal is like having earwax, but you can still hear with this ones inside.the waxy stuff... almost the same as the regular foamy ones.i will keep trying to find some noise cancellation earplugs...
i have alot of black... hate those little fuzz balls, and an a animal that sheds constantly i do love my dog lol,  i have used lint rollers also the little gagets that are battery operated takes forever and really does not do the trickthis is great for heavy material like hoodies, sweatshirts and leggings.  i would not recommend on material that snags. best lint and little fuzz removal. but the trick for me hold the material taunt!!!
i have tried laser treatment on my legs recently so i had to shave my legs with razor. few days later new hairs showed up. they were not too long for waxing treatment that is why i have decided to try an epilator. honestly, i was very skeptical because i could not believe that epilator can catch such small hairs. but it did! i will post before and after pictures so you can see how clear my leg was after using this epilator just for a few seconds! it removed my short hairs with the roots! i am impressed! definitely will be using it. it is lightweight so i will be taking it with me when traveling.
very clingy truly grabs onto whatever it is being wrapped aroundonto; including itself. be careful!the material is thin. i have used other compostable cling wrap, and this is the thinnest i have used.comes with a slider cutter that you have to attach to box for use in cutting sheets of wrap.a little tricky to dispense  cut.  once i got a piece off the roll, i was able to effectively wrap some food. it was while it is still on the roll and trying to get some off that is slightly problematic for me. perhaps with more use i will get the hand of it. if you can get a whole sheet off, then know that whatever you wrap, this will provide a good seal.i find that the compostable wrap is much more clingy than regular cling wraps, and for that i will likely continue with buying compostable cling wrap. this is about what i expected, and works pretty well. however,  i prefer this brand httpswww.amazon.comdpb08xvswfz2more pricy though.3.54 stars
it is ok... it works alright, but it is not powerful at all ! that part of the description is deceiving.
these are very good shoe insert insoles. i have small narrow feet and i was able to place these inside my flats with no issue. i did have to cut the inserts to fit correctly in my shoes but other than that, they are very comfortable and keep my heels from hurting as they did before. they provide the perfect amount of cushion in my shoes without making them feel funny on my feet. it was very hard trying to shape with scissors so that it did not hurt the area under my toes. but in the end, it worked out. overall, great insoles and great size after adjustment cutting.i received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
bought this more for the scent profile than the "germ fighter" aspect. i saw that it was fine for use around pets when used as directed, which is also why i was keen on getting it. i have 2 labs and 3 cats, so it is important that i use products that are not going to harm them. i like freshening up my carpet, so i figured i would give this a try.for pet owners  sprinkle on carpets, wait 15 minutes, vacuum. then keep pets off of carpet for an additional 30 minutes after that. i did not realize that second part is needed until i read the directions. i failed to see that when i was looking at the product description. it is there. so just know to add in the additional time.it smells really good. very fine particulates. be sure to follow directions with pets. for added precaution, i am using this in  areas that are well ventilated and not in direct sleeping spots.
time will tell on the effectiveness but as of now not much difference in how i feel.
i think that it helps my sleep and cools my body temperature down.
seems to be helping so far
i only use this on my face,
i used to love these energy drinks and have used them for years, but i do not see myself repurchasing in the future. they recently changed the formula and the flavor.  i do not mind the flavor change, even though it is not as good as it used to be.  but the main difference is that these do not work the same for me as the original formula.  from what i can tell, they halved the amount of 34;spike formula34; in the ingredients and changed around the order of the 34;other ingredients34;.  it does not really matter since whatever they did, it is not as effective now as it used to be, which is a shame.
so thick that it is unusable for me. nothing like muro 128
i purchased the lavender scented spray and am delighted with the results. i did a deepclean on my mat by spraying it down and letting it sit for 2 minutes, then wiped it down with the microfiber cloth and let it sit dry overnight before rerolling. the scent is pleasing and leaves the mat smelling fresh for a couple weeks. if you are sensitive to scents, i would purchase the unscented version. easy to use and the ingredients are safe. this bottle will last you a long time, even with daily use.
i already have previous sport elite model and got one because of new tens added. it is a great function and i expect the best. great service from the buyer, and good price. thanks
i do not know how anyone who gave this a positive review was able to insert them into the ear at all. the material is very flimsy and they collapse at the slightest amount of pressure. after 30 minutes of fumbling i gave them to the flight attendant to put in the garbage. they are worthless. stick with the putty type which always stay in place and block all sound. the only reason i tried them was that they are in a smaller case than what i currently use. caveat emptor!
received items in crushed box, all tissue boxes inside crushed. still usable, too much trouble to return. very disappointed in packaging.
theses pills work very well to help with my inflammation.i did have an issue when i opened the package, some got on my quartz countertop and it seemed like it was going to stain it, but since it was quartz i was able to remove it. had the countertop been granite, it might have stained it!i have also noticed that my urine is more yellow after taking these than any other turmeric pills.pills are easy to swallow without any after taste.
sometimes these things are good sometimes there not. it is always hit or miss when ordering these rollers
this machine is a good foot spa but it is a bit small for my taste. i am a man and men tend to sit with their legs slightly apart. if that is the case with you this unit will become annoyingly small after using it for a while.
very good quality scale
i completed the full bottle of pills and my conclusion is that this product did nothing. i consider myself a biohacker and i am in tune with how my body responds. perhaps the effect is masked by all the other supplements and peptides i take. i tried to isolate the effect from my other supplements and energy drinks. i tried taking more than the recommended dose, taking it spread throughout the day, taking it in the evening, in addition to recommended three pills at once.if this supplement does anything, it is too subtle for me to notice. some supplements and medications take time to build up before their effect becomes noticeable, but i did not notice anything from this at any time during the month. i was hoping this would work since the company seems wellintentioned with a belief that what they are selling works.this is clearly not a stimulant. anything that is a stimulant is more immediately effective than this product.the clinical trials are meaningless if they used a placebo as a comparison. they should be comparing competing products, such as caffeine, adderall, ritalin, and modafinil. all of these competing drugs are less expensive than this supplement, excluding the cost of the doctor's visit to get the prescription. the real challenge for supplements like these is how it stacks up against caffeine, or a monster energy drink, not a sugar pill.people that are avoiding stimulants are not going to eat cocoons either. products like this target the fringe of biohackers, who already take numerous other supplements and are not nutrient deficient in anything. the target audience is different from a clinical trial group.the main compound adding to the cost is the peptide. for brainenhancing peptides, semax and cerebrolysin are established, proven, and scientifically validated peptides, and both work great in me and have noticeable effects. i am not sure what cocoon peptide is supposed to do and the web site of the vendor does not mention how it works. what is the mechanism of action? the other peptides i mentioned increase bdnf levels and are less expensive than this product.i am a man in my 40s and i have tried a large number of supplements, nootropics, medications, and peptides to help increase productivity, focus, and mental performance.the moneybackguarantee helps for a product like this, but it seems like you will need to take a test at the start of the 30 days to activate the offer.
this slip resistant tray worked wonders while my boyfriend had knee surgery. now my dad uses it as a lap tray.
great samples from great companies  love it!!!!!!!!
i am very happy with the small size of these capsules. the extra fruit and veggies added into my day to day is fantastic. i was nervous they would be too big especially since these capsules always float and mess with my headability to swallow pills but they really are great.
works great, easy to set up. its perfect.
it worked really great and you can see the screen very clearly. that is what got me was the brightness and clarity of the led screen. i also like that it has usbc and it comes with a bag too. nice.
the orings will not stay on my glasses which defeats the purpose of using them. tossed them out.
love the color and beads at the end. i use them to store my jewelry and the bags are durable.
this is a great supplement for lowering blood sugar and aiding digestion. you do not need to go to strange lengths to take it, it is not meant to taste like fruit. you do not need to hide it in smoothies or soup. just add 14 tsp of this into a small cup of warm water 2 times a day and drink. it is not going to taste delicious, but it is really just like a slightly bitter tea. if you are used to herbal remedies, you will not be phased by this. if you are used to gummy vitamins, you probably will not like it.
these are very tasty!
i bought these to help make stacked cakes. these did the job well.
i put it on and have not taken it off love this.
fantastic. upscale. great packaging. great instructing. well made silicon with 2! stoppers. one w elongated loop and one flat insert. nice cover. microwavable. and they stay warm. best of all is the modest size. perfect for so many applications. i bought 2 and prefer these to all others. i am going to give the plastic set to the pets for warmth. these surpass all other hot water bottles. and what a bargain price for the high end product.
httpssmile.amazon.comdpb00m9lmzhorefcm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_9?th1
what i dislike is that the balls have to be charged after every washing. there is no scent and it is good for sensitive skin. the freshness is there but only after the balls have been sanitized in direct sunlight. also it really does not kill odors as strongly as i would have liked
i do not know what it is but it seems like he is not real i do not like it
solimo petroleum jelly white petrolatum skin protectant soothes and protects skin by creating a protective moisture barrier. helps provide relief for dry skin and helps protect minor burns, wind burn and chapping
item arrived exactly as described. this is a highquality item that is definitely reusable for multiple occasions. i used this as a backdrop along with some other wall decorations.
i appreciate the price as well as the product and i continue to come back to it each time i run out.
this product did not work. could not get it to turn on. cheaply made.
i am in no way skilled at using a curling iron. with that said, after getting used to the longer barrel, it was surprisingly easy to get nicer looking waves and curls where i want them. my hair is naturally curly with a lot of body, but my natural curls are unruly. this has helped tamed my usual nightmare and i love the results. this iron is value priced and i hope it holds up well. enjoying thus so far!
i have a couple of shoes that rub bunions  it works as advertised.  i have also used it to keep sticky zippers working.
i am used to the crappy foam earplugs for everything, and these are my first earplugs of this kind. wow! what a difference. this reduces the overall noise level to protect your hearing, yet you can still hear with enough definition to have a conversation with someone and understand what they are saying assuming they are speaking loudly of course. with the other kind, everything sounds muffled, so you cannot really do that. added bonus these are so comfortable. i have never worn earplugs as comfortable as these. there is no pressure or ear ache at all! best earplugs i have ever used. no wonder they have a special little carrying case.
i really like this brush for my dog. the handle is very comfortable to hold. i was using a toddler size toothbrush on my dog but this toothbrush is so much easier to hold and makes cleaning my dog's teeth a little bit easier.
this stuff is good; it makes my contacts feel more comfortable and certainly keeps them cleaner. but this stuff is so damned expensive! it probably cost pennies to make and they run up the price because they have market share. with the way you have to use the product you run out of it super quickly and realize you have just blown 15 on a few weeks worth of contact cleaner. crazy!
not as good as an alcohol based cleaner. 420 cleaner better 10x
will not stay in place on back on chair!
excellent product. just what i needed. petroleum jelly.
works when in but not great as goes off tooquickly.
works really well.
i used to have one of these mops when they first came out it was one of the as seen on tv versions this is the best mop hands down it literally picks up every micro dust of hair or debris that is on your floor. if you have pets or get a lot of dust in your area this is definitely the mop you want to have.
while installing this generally involves finding the right spot in your ducting especially if you have a humidifier, cutting a hole, and wiring it up, it is easier said than done.  you likely will need a drill, dremel, andor snips, and most folks do not mess with their ducting much the video provided by the vendor is a bit misleading, as you generally cannot just drill through drywall to install!.  if you know someone who does, it will likely be easy for them.  the brightness of the bulbs makes it hard to qc things, as you cannot easily tell they are on without being blinded by severely unhealthy light.  i actually had welders goggles handy, which helped a lot.  the unit does have indicators on the outside, but if you want to verify things while setting it all up, be careful.in the end, it all works.  it was easier to install than a whole home humidifier, but more difficult than many home improvement projects.
they are helping especially with cramps.in my feet.
been diagnosed with gastritiscolitis, and use for those issues. wow! i am impressed, every day i am a little less severe. they had me on famotidine for over a year and this did more for me than that in 1 week. note i take 5 pellets!
it is perfect. i love it,  it is sturdy and very good looking. i had bought a very inexpensive folding cane that was noisy...
i am kind of between a 6 and a 6 12 so some shoes are too tight and some are a little loose.  these pads help with the 6 12 for the ones that are a little loose. adds a bit more comfort for long wear.
i am pleased with this sensitive toothpaste. i have been using it for the past week and it has kept my sensitive teeth feeling good. it has a nice flavor. not as minty as my previous sensitive toothpaste, but very pleasant and light. it foams nicely without being too foamy. i have not had any pain in my teeth since i began using it. i already used a sensitive toothpaste before this one, however, switching over has not caused me any problems. i like the consistency of the toothpaste. it is a normal toothpaste consistency and is not watery at all.
us organic 100 pure frankincense essential oil  usda certified organic  10 ml is the way to go when choosing essential oils.  i appreciate the quality for the price, so many of my friends are very into the 'name brand' oils which i am sure have their benefits however i cannot afford them and you only get the tiny little bottles. i was able to purchase this larger size bottle for more than half of what it would have cost to order thru their company.the amazing amount of health benefits that come with purchasing us organic 100 pure frankincense essential oil  usda certified organic are shocking, i have listed some of them below.1. stress relieving bathsoak2. natural household cleaner3. natural hygiene product4. antiaging  wrinkle fighter5. relieves symptoms of indigestion6. scar, wound, stretch mark or acne remedy7. natural cold or flu medicine8. helps relieve inflammation and paini was given a discount for  received this product for free under the conditions that i give my honest review. my review is unbiased, as i try to list the pros and any cons. i like to review all products that i purchase and only desire to give helpful information to others, as i rely on others reviews before making my purchases. if you have any questions, feel free to ask. if you found this review helpful please click yes.
these are awesome. my heavy wetter now sleeps through the night!
fell apart within a week of using it.
timely shipped. like the boot compared to other expensive ones that turn on the foot in the night. i am healing from an injury.
it is difficult to keep your teeth dry to put on the whitener.
velcro is very itchy and irritating for clients...buy the drawstring type sooo much better  jmt beauty soft black french terrycloth spa wrap w drawstring  stopper
this stuff is delicious! i do not know why every shake powder has to be chocolate, vanilla, or berry... or those hypersweetened flavors, so this one is a great option if you just want a tasty shake that tastes like oatmeal delicious. i wish the carbs were lower, but i mitigate that by using unsweetened  flax  soy  almond milk, or a green juice spinach, lemon, apple, carrot and it makes it very balanced.
perfect product for what we needed them for! i scooped ice cream into each one, fed a straw and a spoon into the slot of each lid, and put them all in the freezer...at party time, we scooped ice into the tub i had them in, everyone could choose their own flavor soda to pour over the ice cream in their cup, and each person got to have an easy, no mess ice cream soda. it could not have worked better. thanks!my only complaint is that the lids stuck together really badly and took me forever to separate some of them.
mediocre. sallys has stronger files will stick to those
i am using this powder on my dog.  it is a great product.  it helped heal his wound.  but my vet warned me about using it on him, if he licks an area.  the zinc in the product is toxic to dogs.  so i stopped using it because he is always licking on the wounded area.
lots of dental floss so i will not have to order it again in the near future. also prime free two day shipping to my front door, what more could you ask for? the floss is fairly thin which i wanted so i could floss in between a  couple really tight teeth i have. the flavor is subtle mint and at 55 yards one container has plenty of floss to last two months. by those calculations this order should cover one person for an entire year of daily flossing using just under 3 feet of floss each time.
this is an easy way to get the b12 taken, but be very sure you realize that it contains fifty thousand percent of the daily suggested need. this could cause a problem.
i am pregnant and have an indoor cat. her litter tray is in our small bathroom. i needed something to aid in cleaning bacteria in the air. after 2 days using this device, it appears to be working well in our bathroom over the kitty litter. within 6 hours you could tell it has cleaned the stale air scooping the poop out of the kitty litter as quickly as possible, and flushing it is advisable. i like the devise, but will also continue to clean the bathroom with bleach as well.
i thought these might be heavy, and that the edges of the rings would be scratch, but neither is the case. it lis wellmade and lays very lightly on my neck, nor does it pull down. hanging, it places my glasses mibreastbone which is remarkably comfortable for me. i also bought the hearts but have not worn those yet.
i liove this oil! i use it daily on my face. i mix my favorite essential oils in with it. it absorbs quickly and leaves my face so soft. i use a combo of this and pomegranate seed oil. no more expensive day or night creams for me.....and i have gotten compliments on how nice my skin looks,
it is an easy way to ingest superfood and i use this with my smoothie  i kind of throw in a lot of super food related powder in my smoothies.  with regards with this product  it does not have a strong over riding flavor , which is great as i prefer to taste the fruitsvegetables.  this is a great supplement if you are working out a lot as it is hard to replace nutrients lost from ordinary food without adding a lot of calories.love that it is fresh and sealed well to keep the product fresh.  i would buy this product again.
i love vital proteins, so when i saw that they came out with a collagen whey i had to have it. i ordered the banana, cinnamon and vanilla flavor and i was so excited to try it right away when it arrived. the taste and the texture of this new product is almost unbearable. i used the suggested serving size with the appropriate amount of liquid and it tastes so watered down and gritty. i have to take it in several shots to finish it. in the future, i will stick to the original nonflavored collegen protein. it was worth a try, but definitely not what i expected.
why not eat the super fruit itself
really like the double compartments.  i wish it was not quite as deep as i cut tiny oblong pills and it is hard to get it situated in the groove with that depth.
cats in the microwave,  cats in the fridge. got this as a joke because it turns out my real cat is terrified of a hot water bottle. jokingly got this as a "maybe if he thinks its another cat" it will be ok. turned out to be non scary to real cats and the cutest hot water bottle imaginable.
i have very sensitive skin and a lot of things irritate it so i am always worried when i try something new. i spot test and wait, spot test and wait. this product does not irritate my skin! first winning feature. its a milky toner which made me wonder but its moisturizing and balancing. it feels nice, allows me to skip additional moisturizing normal combination skin and leaves my skin clear and bright. love this product and will buy more when this bottle is used up. absolutely no irritation.
i have worn these for years, and am finally taking the time to write a review. my podiatrist recommended them as a first step in treating a nasty case of plantar fasciitis that i acquired from running around barefoot for a production. i also work as a nurse, and am on my feet for 12 hours, walking an average of 10,000 steps or more at work. these were a miracle. it took time for the plantar fasciitis to heal, but these accelerated that process. if i wear shoes without them, or run around the house too long barefoot, it tries to flare again. if i behave myself and wear these in my shoes, i am completely pain free.  i have learned my lesson the hard way
the nipple suckers do not work well at all, the syringe is not strong or long enough to get the suction needed for those with truly inverted nipples.the nipple correctors work but the surface area is way too large and definitely intended for someone with big nipples. if your nipples are smaller it will hurt a lot more than necessary.id only recommend the nipple correctors and only for those with large nipples. id say honestly to look for another brand myself i was not too impressed.
got these for my sister who relies on those cheapo dollar store things, and you would have thought i sent her a bad of gold, her reaction was so great on these.  she says they are super well built and optically obviously superior over what she is been using  and has had a couple of compliments on the way they look too.
purchased for my grandkids and they they elderberry syrup year round. they stay pretty healthy too.
great. extra grainy. will file thick nails. no need for extra pressure on thin nails, or even thick. very durable files.
did absolutely nothing for me.  would not stay on my foot.  returned.
i consulted with my internist and endocrinologist before i started taking this. i was very happy that they thought adding this supplement to my daily regimen would be greatly beneficial to my health. this supplement is a well balanced mix of essential vitamins and minerals that helps with the quality of my health and immune system. i am in my mid thirties and i am noticing that the overall quality of my health and well being is just not the same anymore. to make things worse, i have several health conditions that i have been suffering from, for years now. i started taking this supplement together with other natural vitamins that complement its benefits. it is made from superior ingredients and in my opinion, it is well priced. two thumbs up for this brand!i received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. regardless, i only recommend products or services i use personally and believe will be good for others. i refuse to review or endorse products that i have not or will not personally try. needless to say, i may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things i say on my reviews are made up or fake  they are all based on my experiences with whatever product i am reviewing. i am just a regular consumer and i appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. my views and opinions are from a customerend users standpoint.
if you buy empty capsules, you can make your own capsules to swallow and save yourself the bitterness of this powder. i do not plan on purchasing capsules, so i will mix with my manuka honey and water and drink it down. this is supposed to be great and i am going to believe in that as i drink each glass.
have not used that much and went to use it today and it gave an error which i think is associated with the band not inflating.
3 stars for whitening  i only used it twice and not sure yet..it does however have a very minty sent . love that it comes with 2 me and my husband are giving it  a try. update a month later i have not used it continuously so i cannot say but even just the 1 time using it it works decent i have to say i was pretty suprised.
i bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend.  she loves it.  it is tracking her, her young son and myself now and we have it tied into each of our fitbit accounts.  i also tricked my mother and sister into buying one for each other for xmas.  hopefully this will inspire them to take charge of their fitness moving forward.
i use baby oil mainly to remove eye make up. it is less expensive  does a better job than the make up wipes i have tried. this also works well as a body moisturizer when applied after bathing. will definitely buy again.
works well great price. i am a nurse practitioner and this is easy to use and accurate. i recommend for anyone who needs to monitor their bp
amazing absorption, yet very gentle on painful wounds.
love these. pads help with pain on knees and hips.
it works fine when your banana fits. but beware that the ribs do not allow it to flex more than a few degrees contrary to what i assumed from the photos, so if your banana's curvature does not fit the narrow limits of the molded shape, you are out of luck. also, really long bananas will not fit.one thing that is not apparent from the photo is that both ends are open, which is a good thing for airflow, and to let the stem stick out, saving internal space.
i thought these caps would be a soft silicone that would stretch to fit over the heel but they are hard plastic and were way too big for my stiletto on my wedding day. my bridesmaids had to wrap my heels in toilet paper to wedge these caps onto the shoe! they might fit a thicker pump style heel but they are far from a universal fit.
i have always made it a point to clean my dogs teeth since it is good for them and dental cleanings are very expensive. i have used dog toothbrushes and finger cloth brushes before but never a dual silicone finger setup like this. i never cleaned the inside of the teeth but only the outer sides. the dual finger brush does make it easier to clean the inside teeth and fortunately my dog is use to me having my fingers in her mouth. i am sure this might not work for many but it does work okay for me and my situation.
been on this one week, i think i need to be on it longer to see results, but i do not feel as tired.  i am taking this as a result of dr. recommendation.
these generic oral b compatible toothbrush replacement heads  4 brushes are good replacement toothbrush heads for the oralb battery operated toothbrush.  i like them.  good price.
this product may be good for you but boy is it gross. i usually have to mix it with some sort of juice to try and dilute it.
works in a pinch
wonderful way to store multiple brushes.  i wonder if they have a stand like this for dese razors?
we like that it came with a glove to protect your hand from getting burned.  it does warm up fairly quick.my daughter has long, thick hair, which made it time consuming to use this because we were worried about burning her hair if we kept it on one spot too long.  you have to use it in very small sections of thin layers.  the swivel cord made it easy to just angle and brush where she needed it.overall, it works.
they are a ok replacement in a pinch
had this for almost a month and is holding up great, its stays put, and has little ridges that help you not slip. would be great for someone who is elderly for that reason, and it looks very spalike as well!
so i started using this benecol today.  i will post update on my numbers in a few weeks.by the way  great packing.  arrived well packed in a small cooler with cold packs, despite the temperature outside being in the 50s.  appreciate the thoughtful packing.
did not work for me and would make my heart race out of nowhere. that is unusual because i have taken many diet pills in the past, including ephedra, and never had that problem. once i discontinued use my heart stopped racing.
i really liked this whole set. i was out of helium, so that was no fun. i was only able to use a few of the balloons. i could not get enough helium in the confetti filled balloons to get it to float! it sank, so it was just sitting on the table. all in all, the banner itself was totally worth it. it was easy to thread the letters on to the string with the needle tool.
i think these detergent sheets would be great for kids living in dorms at school, or when you are taking lengthy trips somewhere. but for home use i would rather have my big jug of liquid laundry detergent.  i have used several of these and they seem to clean clothes just fine and do not leave any perfume scent behind on them.  however, i have to use 3 sheets at a time since my laundry loads are big.  at that rate, i only get about 10 or 11 loads done and that just is not all the economical since one box costs 10.59.  i can get a big jug of liquid for about that much money.  all that said, these clean fine, are easy to carry especially good for those who cannot carry much stuff and do not leave a perfume scent behind.  these would be great for those with a very limited storage space in their laundry area.
did not bring back the black and remove scuff marks as well as i expected
quite an advantage when sitting for a prolonged period on hard surfaces.. not really 34;soft34; but adds a lot of comfort as your weight seems more distributed and hence the 34;nopressure34;.  it is very portable and works on many surfaces. my wife sits on it when on a soft sofa and has significantly less lumbar pain. . i have been using 2 different types of the horseshoe shaped chair cushions with the sacral cutouts for about 1 year  and find these to be amazing when sitting for long periods on a wooden chair.. but they are more rigid and do not quite distribute pressure like the purple... to be honest... i put the purple pad on the chair.... then the anatomically shaped butt cushion and together they are the ideal solution. most comfortable sitting arrangement i have found ever.
setup was a bit challenging but once i got past that i have loved this scale.  it syncs without fail more reliably than my fitbit tracker and has held up fine despite occasionally being knocked over.  it has traveled 1200 miles in the trunk of my car when i wanted to take it on a monthlong trip and is still no worse for wear.  i am not sure if the body fat percentage is accurate, but the weight seems to be.  another bonus is that this automatically updates on my fitness pal once it syncs!
oh. my. on all things holy, get thesethese are amazing! i took a big whiff of the bag and it allowed me to breath better already... but once you put it in your shower  i swear its like baby jesus himself came to rid me of my allergies  i can breathe you all!!! i can really breathe!
tangles after a while.
i consume this cod liver for the vitamins a and d, and the omega3. this batch was not as smelly as the first or i am getting used to the fishy smell!. i still season the liver with a bit of lemon juice or vinegar to kill the smell even more. bottom line nutritious seafood without the bones!
very fast delivery!strong and durable. at 4 mils not too thin and not too thick. i am using these to organize my many jewelry beads and stones, most of which are still in the mailers. i expect to reduce my storage needs significantly.
good product fast delivery
i have tried a few similar silicone face mask brackets and i feel that these really are the best! what makes them stand apart from the rest is the silicone strap. basically, you are wearing 2 separate things  the bracket and your mask. after nearly a year of wearing masks, i have found these to be the most helpful when it comes to preventing my glasses to fog up. the silicone is very soft and nonirritating. the storage cases are an added bonus in my opinion. love these!
works ok. maybe not as well as a cyptic pencil but also does not leave a black mark.
meh. it does the job ok, but you have to clean it after every swipe and it gets tedious
i have used this brand and liked it for a long time.  this purchase is because i can not get the large quanity refills a local stores.
this toothpaste has an interest flavor. never had a lemon mint toothpaste, and it is not bad! it will probably grow on me more too. one of the main reasons why i got this toothpaste was because the ingredients seemed better than conventional toothpaste. although i did not realize it contained silica never heard of it before either so i looked put up to see what it was. i guess it is ok to use, but i also read it could wear down your enamel. so i do not think i am going to be using this regularly just in case i may use it weekly or even biweekly. the toothpaste does not foam up much, which some people may not like. besides the silica concern, i like the toothpaste. makes my teeth feel clean.
very comfortable and has made my longer driving trips longer than 45 minutes much more tolerable!! arrived quickly! this device really works!
i hats flouride. i go well out of my way to find flouride free products. this is the best one so far. it whitens like a lot of the other tooth pasted cannot.  it is travel size but a little goes a long way.
this is colorful and lightweight. keeps the sun off of my face...i used some iron on hem tape to make it a bit smaller.
my wife loves this.
full disclosure yes, i am a very tall and heavy guy, so this review may not apply to a lot of people.  on the other hand, i am within the advertised rating for weight for this stool, and my disability makes it a necessity to get around in my kitchen.i had high hopes for this product.  the same feature thick seat padding that makes this uncomfortable for me after prolonged use is also what makes it durable for my weightso that is an even trade.  after all, it is a stool and not a recliner.  i am good with that.what i am not happy about is that, after just over two months of using for about 40 minutes a day, a wheel fell off this morning and would not snap back in again.  then i was surprised to see that the sockets for the wheels to snap into are just molded plastic!  one of the edges of that failed wheel socket had cracked.  what a poor designgoing cheap like that instead of a few pennies to put metal inserts into the plastic.i have poured a bunch of thick "super glue" into the socket to see if that will work as a temporary fix until a new one can get here.  yes, i am taking a chance on another one of the same type, but i cannot keep paying about 75 every two months to buy stools that i really need to have to lead a fairly normal life.
this scale generally works okay, but it seems to have a weird memory function. for example, i will take my weight and it will jump around pretty dramatically before jumping to a number. then, if i step on it again, it will immediately go back to that same number, as if it has a memory function in it. then, just to test it, i will grab something else about a pound or so just to test it, and it will still immediately jump to that same number. this obviously makes me not trust the numbers.
so far it is the best quality on the market for such affordable price! i have combination, acneprone skin and this has been a wonderful addition to my skincare routine! i use it twice a day, once in the evening when i shower. also make sure you use the sponge everyday and keep it kind of wet so it will not dry and will last much longer! i simply love it! it has really made a difference in helping clear up my skin and keep it clear. i love that it exfoliates without being harsh, and i love that the sponge itself lasts for so long! i have had mine for almost 2 weeks now, and i will probably replace in a month or so. i highly recommend giving this a try, it has really helped me!
cute, but a bit misleading. colors were onpoint, size was not. instructions were nonexisting.
super cute bags! i bought them for my med school friends graduation party and they were a hit! they did not lookfeel cheap or tacky and were the perfect size to fit some candies, bandaids, and bone shaped pens.
seem to have a little more energy. feel a little better. maintain weight through christmas.
perfect for the barber shop !!!!!!
i have used it for many years, but a few years ago it disappeared from the drug store  grocery shelves.  i do not know why, but amazon continued to carry it.  this last shipment came from india. the cardboard boxes were all crushed, but the tubes were just fine.
th scouring pads are basically the same pads i usually buy. i use them till they fall apart which takes about couple of months, and i wash dishes very often. new, these seem fine. scrub well, leave dishes and surfaces clean. it works for me.
this 5 piece eye make up took kit is actually pretty nice. the container it comes in is kind of just plain, would love to see a design on it, but the brushes work really well.i tried out each brush and none of the bristles fell out, they seem to be pretty durable., strong and made of good quality materialthese would make a great little gift to your wedding party girls. give one set out to each of the girls in your wedding party. these would also be great for holiday present or birthday present. wrap a nice little bow on it. dress up the container with sequins. overall, i would say this brush set is a good quality product for the pricei received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
after using the sponge for a couple weeks i can honestly say it is one of those things that i did not know i needed it is really gentle on my skin and i love using it with my simple cleaner. i was a little thrown off by the way it arrives it waschard textured like a rock but after running it under water it became very soft and luxurious feeling
i got a very strange email following this order, makes me question product quality and security. as far price goes if ingredients are as stated 90 for the price is good.
very cheap for a 3 pack, and the color is great but that is because of babylips
i tried several kinds, all homeopathic nasal spray for sinus.  this is probably second fav, works good but best one is seagate olive relief for me.
just what i needed for my bottles with squeez tops!watch some of the videos where a lady has rearranged the slots to meet her needs! way cool!i got the finished box but i almost wish i would hotter it unfinished. i do not like the smell and i am afraid that once my oils are in it, that smell will mix badly. maybe i will just set it out with the lid open for a week.
unfortunately, this mostly just pushes dust around. very little clings to the brush. i thought after washing it maybe it would be "activated" but still no. i should have returned this when i had the chance. now i am stuck with it.would not recommend.
they do not have alot of peanut butter flavor but, they are tasty. considering the carb count and the amount of protein, i definitely would buy them again, perhaps the lemon bar flavor. they have a good lemon taste.
this is a good selection of balloons for a graduation party. i loved the confetti filled ones! the numbers are huge, but one of the four numbers had a leak in it from the getgo. we taped it up, but it was never as full as the other ones.
since a relative had a knee replacement, we have tried 2 brands of ice bags and 3 brands of cold packs to keep her swelling under control. she prefers this ice bag at night because it gets the coldest and conforms to her knee the best. get the 11inch bag for knees; you will need the extra width once the ice bag is full. the 3inch wide opening on this bag enables you to include larger ice chunks instead of having to hammer ice into tiny chunks to get them to fit. be sure to dry the threads of the ice cap on the bag and cap before and after use. i had leaking from another brand of ice bag after shreds of ice got caught in the threads when i screwed the cap on. the leaking stopped with that bag, and i have never had leaking with this bag, when i kept everything dry.
originally purchased for travelling. easy to pack and takes up little space. had some left and started using on a regular basis. does a great job. takes up far less space in my tiny laundry room than those big tubs of detergent. never makes a mess.  what more can i ask for?
ugly colors
i purchased wrong size but item was good.
this thing actually works!!! i was skeptical at first, but i am now a believer. cool to the touch and you can set how hot you want it to be on your hair. works on all hair types and so much easier than a flat iron. straightens the hair without taking away its volume.
due to extreme lymphedema i need to almost constantly have my legs ankles and feet wrapped. but the ace bandages would bother my skin, especially since its dry and the warmer weather was coming and we had days that i was sweating so much. it was suggested to me to purchase these and we would use them as a barrier between my skin and the ace bandages,. well it worked quite well. i would have the nurse or the aide depending on who is day it was here to wrap as suggested and sure enough it not only stopped that feeling of sweating, but also the little breaks in skin i had got a chance to heal and by using lotion first and then sealing it in with the clean wraps it helped my skin to absorb and become softer, smoother and healthier. i highly recommend these.
i do not know why i keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items i can review.  i really cannot tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming.  i assume they are healthy in some way so i dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies.  i cannot even detect that the astragalus powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and i cannot taste it.  i guess if you are interested in astragalus powder you already know why you want it.  i will just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
we liked it was easy to scrape the plates off
i use zip lock all the time and i like these because they had texans on them
now sure what they are talking about warmth.  i love this flosser.  it has different setting, i use soft which is still pretty strong.  the water pulsates through and you have to be careful with how wide your mouth is open or water gets everywhere.  definitely makes me want to use it.  only drawback is where the buttons are placed, i have accidentally turned it on a few times and water sprayed all over the place.  the water tank holds enough for two uses, but the charger lasts forever.
i got this dr.pedi kinesiology tape bulk muscle tape for my wife and i  we have both been sidelined for several months. she severely broke her foot back in november 2020 and i hang a torn hamstring and then last month, surgery for another issue. i knew wed be needing tape as we were allowed to get back into working out. primarily i had wanted something for her  this foot break was so bad she was literally off it for 5 months  no weight. and she loves working out, so i thought having tape would help give her support  and confidence  as she returns. she was finally cleared and has been very slow in building back up what she is allowed to do. today she finally was able to jump rope and put enough pressure on it to require the support. she is very happy with the dr.pedi kinesiology tape bulk muscle tape. first, there are three roles. second, it comes in precut lengths which were perfect for her. today she had the whole piece  she used three full stripes at points around her foot. it proved excellent support and made her feel completely safe as she jumped  this is a major step forward for her after such a major break  2 bones, one almost shattered. so that this dr.pedi kinesiology tape bulk muscle tape kept her safe and secure is a good thing. admittedly, she literally is only just back  and i am still another week from being cleared  but i am so happy she felt safe while she was out there. she did not cut it down  there are the lines so she could have  but the recommendation was keep full pieces for what she needs. the corners are prerounded so we are hoping it keeps the corners from peeling too quickly. again, this was her first time, but so far we are very happy with the outcome.
good for four or five cigars or 2 with a lighter
i have long, thick hair having said that these things are worthless! they are hard, stiff plastic, have no give to them. i tried using them several times and could not get them to work at all! waste of money!!
i went to vegas a week ago and was told to carry an amethyst for luck.  this was told to me by one of those fortune telling machines that spits out a card.  the amazing thing is, i am an aquarius so amethyst is my lucky stone.  i ordered this stone not knowing what to expect.  when it came, i was stunned at the beauty of the packaging and the positive energy flowing from the product.the stone is gorgeous and has so much positive auras flowing through it as i held it.  it is a big stone that fits perfectly into my palm. i love how it feels and how it makes me feel.  i have noticed that i am more calm and more in tuned with my intuition.  whenever i am upset or feel out of balance, i hold the stone and everything is fine with the world again.  in addition to, i feel like it is my lucky stone.i am glad that i ordered two stones. one for myself and one for my sister who is also an aquarius.what sets this stone apart is the vibrational energy.  i have ordered stones from ebay before and none of them gave me as much positive vibes as these stones.  i am so happy to have finally found someone who is selling real stones with positive energy.by the way, i bought a lottery ticket and won the mega ball.  although it was not the 207 million dollar prize, it is a start   i believe the stone is just warming up with with luck!
my family loves this game! we always can squeeze in one or two games after dinner and before bed. my 8 and 5 year old boys think it is so fun! a great game that is entertaining for both kids and adults.
these meal are great , and filling
we regret only that it is cheaper per bottle to buy a pair than three. sad marketing, but it is our fault for not looking more closely at the prices. otherwise, the product is great. we purchase it regularly.
this is a good multivitamin containing known vitamins that boost your immune system  it contains vitamin c, elderberry, echinacea, vitamin e and turmeric. it is not known how multivitamins like this will prevent infection from coronaviruses, but taking these certainly cannot hurt. i generally prefer gummy vitamins but these are easy to swallow. recommended.
i am usually in ketosis.  but when i cheat, i cheat and fall out with sugars and breads.  i know, its the worst thing i could fall out with.at night, after a cheat day, i will wake up and have to jump out of bed to the worst calf cramps i have ever had.  this magnesium is the only thing that has taken care of this issue.so now the pain of cheating is only in the regular pain, like weight gain, guilt, the three days of fasting with gross glycogen hunger pangs.
do not waste you time or money on other products! very effective and pet friendly. i did the carpets under 2 king size beds and still have plenty left.  i will be buying a second to keep 34;on hand34;.
seriously, a shoe horn!  what is so special about this?  first, not only can you not find these in any brick and mortar store, when i asked the sales people if they had a shoe horn, they looked at me like i had 3 heads!  thankfully, i found this on amazon and i must say, the is the most amazing shoe horn ever!  i have used shoe horns for years and my roommate said she wanted to get one, so i bought her this one.  but now i am buying more for friends and family members because this is such a useful and wellmade product!  the handle extends to the point where i do not even have to bend over at all i am 5'4" and the part you put your heel on is very comfortable and helps your feet slip into your shoes like "butta" butter...lol!  seriously, this is an amazing product!  buy it!!!
not really sure it this item really does anything. might be more of a placebo thing. its not quite either, you can hear it within 10 feet.
great for toenails
i do have 3 sets of these a black, a pink  a silver set, 2 sets i have had for years, decided i wanted to pick up a third set. they are great for travel. i have tubes of different colors for different color pallets, one color tube maybe the pink set for browns for a natural look, a different color tube maybe the black set for graysblack for a dramatic look. i use the third tube example the gray tube for a small blush brush and maybe a smaller brow brush  eyelash comb. they they perform pretty darn well for travel brushes, i have been very happy with them. the brushes are protected by the tubes so no bend bristles upon arrival at my destination. have not had any issues with shedding either, even from the 2 sets i have had for several years. highly recommend
i cannot believe the difference between this product and other vitamin c supplements i have been taking. i had issues with my gums and an infection. nothing was working to help heal. after taking this liposomal vitamin c for over a week now the infection is gone! i am so thankful.
just what i expected
listen, let us be frank. it tastes yucky, yes, but appears to work. i am very bad at being consistent in taking something that i do not really like, but maca powder seems to balance the system, boost energy, and certainly keeps you "regular". as to the claims of heightened sexual appetite... not so sure. perhaps one has to take it a while first. hint the easiest way for me to take something that reminds me of dirty chalk in my mouth is to mix it with a very hot sweetened vanilla based tea like pumpkin spice, vanilla bean, or even almond. even a regular basic tea sweetened with a tiny splash of vanilla extract is better.
i have been taking magnesium capsules for a long time, and i wanted to try topical form magnesium. you can feel the relaxing effect just few minutes after it is apply.
this is kind of a kit. . . though it has an odd number of items included.12  3d face bracket50  extenders2  lanyards3d face bracket  really small.  might work best for kids.  depends upon the size of your face.  they are made in china and i can only assume they are made for smaller faces.  but it can also depends upon the type of mask you are wearing if you will be able to use them.  they measure 4 across by 3.25 tall.extenders  5.5 long x .75 wide.  these are made of hard plastic.  you will find some of soft silicone. . . but these are hard plastic.lanyards  again. .  odd that there are only two.  they measure 13.5 long.  for kids and smaller necks.  the latches on the end are plastic and quite challenging to open.when you add 50122  64. . . and at the current price of sixteen bucks. . . that comes out to .25 cents perpiece, which is really not bad at all.  one of the more affordable such items i have seen.made in china.
at the current price of 33.24 34.99 minus 5, this is super expensive for something that can only be used as a nightlight. i was unable to pair this to any bluetooth device and i tried a couple. also, the touch controls are quirky, the timer goes off by itself with any button change, the light comes on automatically sometimes, and the pausemove ahead button is for show only as it does nothing. there are buttons on the front of the unit and on the bottom. it is impossible to read the bottom buttons. this is nice as a nightlight only and is barely functional as a sound machine with only 5 sounds. this is definitely not worth the current price for such a quirky and partially working sound machine.
these bags are so extremely thin theyare a complete waste! five bags completely shredded as i was trying to open one!
this kt tape is great, stays on pretty well even after a couple showers. i would definitely recommend, great value for the price!
works like a charm.  has the bottom of my feet feeling baby soft.  i have,  the funkiest, sweatiest feet ever seen in a woman.  i have tried the as seen on tv products, and  slathering my feet in coconut oil and wearing socks, etc. to no avail.  but when i found this all the other went in the trash.  i have been using this product on my feet for a few weeks .  after use  i apply some foot cream to smoothen my feet. foot cream and this scrapper are a  good combination to have healthier looking feet soon.
these nail clippers work as expected and are strong. they come in a tin case with a protective foam.
i have long been curious about wen but am always leery of getting locked into automatic shipments which is what happens often when ordering from tv or a website. i found out that sephora now sells it, so off i went to buy some. i was convinced that it was the answer for my sunandcurlingirondamaged hair. i bought the almond mint one there and tried it a few times; quite frankly at the time i was disappointed and returned to my regular shampoo  conditioner. admittedly my hair was in pretty bad shape. well, a few weeks ago i went to the salon and had about 8 inches cut off. and i tried wen on it again and had several good hair days. i became curious about this orange blossom scent which is not available at sephora so i ordered it...i actually buckled down and followed directions this time. it has taken some patience but i finally got the knack of how best to use it on my hair! my hair is now short in back, longer in front with bangs. the texture is mediumfine and i have a good bit of hair so it often looks thicker than it really is humid climate plays a part in that! first off 1016 pumps of this is far too much and takes forever to rinse out. the magic number for me is 57 pumps. secondly, i use lukewarm, not cold water to wash and cooler water to rinse. and i do rinse well after leaving it on for the duration of my shower  this is very important as it will leave a film on my hair if i do not. thirdly i massage it very well into my scalp, adding a bit more water and then comb through to the ends.both the almond mint and the orange blossom work equally well, so i know this orange blossom wen is the real thing. my hair looks and feels better than it has in a long time; it has bounce, shine and holds a style beautifully! i now only use a tiny bit of mousse on my bangs and spray lightly with hairspray and do not need to comb or brush for the rest of the day even in high humidity. i do work outside and so the style does fall some by the end of the day but that is to be expected with an active job like mine. but the damage and dryness that had been plaguing me have all but disappeared since i have been using wen. when i feel it creeping back, i just use the remoist mask by wen and that fixes it straight away.a note on the scent it really does not smell like orange blossoms to me, but it is pleasant with a fresh floral aroma and maybe just a hint of spice. i can still smell it faintly in my hair after blow drying whereas with the almond mint i cannot.i am really happy with this product and do not intend to ever use anything else on my hair again!
really makes a difference with how my joints feel and helps me to maintain a positive mood.quality is great
just as described
always helpful
i got two packages of these for travel, i was not real fond of the strong watermelon flavor.  it was way too sweet for me, so i ended up sending back one of the packages. they do work well for sleep, but if you do not like watermelon or sweet, i do not recommend.
so glad i found this and the price was great! very happy
taking it for cancer
works perfectly..we cannot sleep without it!
the lid is cracked and leaked all of the liquid out poor packing and broken lid had to throw away not happy i would not recommend this product
love this. makes it so easy to carry my oils with me now
good for pain
it takes a few weeks to receive this product, but they are great glasses.
i purchased this through a health food store.  i do have a coupe of sensitive spots on my scalp and it has managed to calms those spots of my scalp.  it does not take days to calm everything down, it only takes seconds.  i will buy this product soon.  it also eases the itching of my scalp and as far as i am considered this is a miracle.i did not know this product existed.  i found this while searching the supplement aisles at the grocery store.
the bristles are a little soft, but these are awesome and work well!
if you wear jewelry beware because your jewelry will get caught on this and could be damaged if you try to pull it off.
these do not work at all. in fact, they seemed to amplify some of the sound by reverberating basslow frequency in my ears. they were comfortable and soft silicone, but that means nothing if they do not work for their intended purpose.
pleasant peppermint scent that really works. seems like a great company to work with for natural products.
cannot get over the taste. tried mixing it in smoothies but nothing can mask the flavor. tastes like grass.
the product themselves seemed fine but the gift box packaging was all scratched up. had to send back and order a different one. its a good gift at an affordable price but my rating is because i received a faulty one. might reorder and update my review.
i wish it was faster but i think i can live with this.
the oviduct is very easy to use, non greasy, and covers the area very well. plus the insects do not land on the skin that is covered with the product.
best invention, no more dryer sheets and paper towel rolls ever again. no smoke is blown out as well which is a plus
i would much prefer a smaller tablet  or even two for the same dose. they are hard and large, making them difficult to swallow.
i ended up not not being able to take this.  myoinositol is great for hashimotos.  i have elevated tpo antibodies and elevated tsh.  but i missed the addition of dchiro which is great for pcos.  but the dchiro portion lowers cortisol and my cortisol is actually already on the low side.  one needs well functioning adrenals to help with the hashimotos so it is a catch 22.as a side note ... cordyceps is supposed to lower tpo antibodies by 45 if that is something you need.so while these capsules are easy to take and did not upset my gut, i could not continue taking them.
this powder is a natural herb that touts benefits to your liver, including detoxification. in addition, it is supposed to contain lots of antioxidants, and antiinflamatort agents. it is a fine brown powder with a very slight earthy taste. i tried mixing it with some iced tea and ended up with lots of clumps... i think a better way to use this might be to sprinkle it on a salad, or if you were actually blending a drink like a smoothie.
fantastic idea but tips over very easily.
i do not have this so i guess i sent it back without ever trying it, sorry no review then.... do not even remember why......
a good product with proven calming ingredients. these ingredients overlap with some sleeping pills, and this product can make you feel tired. for many people, these pills are best for after the work day is over and closer to bed time.if you are hoping for a flow state at work or an alternative to adhd drugs, this product is not intended for that. if that is your goal, start with 200400mg of ltheanine by itself to see how far that gets you. ltheanine is an inexpensive pleasant tasting powder and it will be calming without making you tired.the price, as i write this, is 1serving. that price is reasonable if you consider the premium ingredients, like ksm66 ashwagandha. you are paying for convenience by having a company blend powders and put them in a capsule. people in the target market can afford 1serving.the product is made in the usa at a gmp facility.
i have been buying these little guys for quite some time! i love them because they are unscented and they are not huge. this time when i bought them the packages are different... they do not have the same plastic lid and the biggest difference is the wipes are not layered within one another so that when you pull one out the next when its ready. there is no way little hands or fingers of little children are going to be able to figure out how to get the wipes out. i end up pulling out wads of them! i am not sure why this changed and i do not like it and i will not buy these again until i can be assured that they are layered so they come out of the container easy.
i have a lot of pain in my feet and after wearing these i have a lot less pain. these are very comfortable to wear and stay in place. it is like walking on a cloud!!!
i really like the taste of the nectar brand. this particular flavor was very tasty. i mix mine with fat free milk.
this facial skin scrubber is not a bad little gadget. it has an easy to clean stainless steel spatula. the unit has 3 different settings, cleaning and moisturizing which are similar to each other and uplifting that is definitely different on how it vibrates on your skin.when you use it, it definitely feels interesting on your skin. when you use the cleaning and moisturizing settings you should use a cleaning solution or moisturizing solution of sort.the facial scrubber is a nice lightweight little unit that sits comfortably in your hand. it is very easy to operate and easy to use, you just have to figure out which setting you want to use. i really like using this. it is much gentler in cleaning blackheads and such then squeezing them with your fingers or using those blackhead tools that often damage your skin and also hurt. this is nice and gentle and actually feels good. it is not very expensive either so a nice little investment for your skin that should be worth it.
does not work at all! save your money
i bought this shoehorn to keep in my car. i have rods implanted in my spine and parkinson's with neuropathy in both feet so i cannot feel my feet nor can i touch them. as such i need help putting my shoes on and its surprising how many times you need to remove your shoes when you are out and about. at home i use a solid one piece shoe horn 32" long which has obvious benefits but you cannot exactly carry it around in your pocket.this shoehorn folds down to a reasonable 14 inches and easily fits in a jacket pocket or the back of your pants. it only takes a twist of the wrist to lock or unlock the length and it is sturdy and affordable. this shoehorn works well and i would definitely recommend this to others.
wow!! i am super impressed with this shaver. it works effectively to shave off my quarantine fur. it was easy to use  was fully charged upon receipt. i would definitely recommend this shaver to all!
i love baths so i was excited to try this.  it is so cool to see it dissolve and make a bunch of bubbles.  i really like the scent.  it smells so fresh and clean because of the essential oils.
good purchase
works great, exactly what i was looking for. easy to put together too!
unlike other filters, this one actually helps to reduce the amount of fog on my glasses. it is hard to wear a mask if you cannot see through your glasses. this makes seeing easier.
firm in both support and the cotton.
i got these for my wife.  she tells me they are easy to take but she really cannot tell if they make any difference.  sorry.
been using for homemade ejuice for years.  no issues
i do not know why i never thought about getting a pill box in the past, especially since i usually grab an empty medicine bottle to carry benadryl, aspirin etc when i go out of town. and i always say to myself, i do not want to mix my pills, but i also do not want to carry multiple prescription bottles. so when i was offered these for an honest review, i said to myself, this really makes so much sense. and guess what? it does. lizimandu has created some beautiful pill boxes, inspired by van gogh. these are perfect for people who travel or who have to take medicine on a regular basis. each pill box is divided into 3 compartments. they are small enough to fit inside your purse, travelmakeup bag or bookbag. they are not that expensive and would be perfect to give as gifts. the only reason i am deducting a half of star is because i believe having a removable option for the compartment would allow people to put larger pills inside. perhaps having the ability to twist the compartment and remove it would have made this 5 stars.
soylent meal replacement. i have tried the original i am not a fan of it of the flavor it is kind of blah but when you add in some fruits like pineapple or blueberries are bananas it really becomes pretty good. but over time you get tired of it. this flavor though is really good the chocolate. you do not really need any added ingredients to drink it. i do a dice kind of make it a smoothie in a sense. one thing i do got to say it goes by and i go through quite fast doing the measuring properly. portable generator last about a week if you use it on a regular basis. i really love the product. i think buying the bottles is a waste of money. especially if you are drinking you on a regular basis.
cleans out what you do not even know is there! love it!!
excellent for viewing photographic contact prints!
this basket fit right on my dads walker, he has one that has curved supports in the fromt. this hit right on , i do not think it would fit walkers with straight supports.
what a waste of money.
i love this stuff.  i have a low thyroid and use this all the time to stay 34;regular34;.  it does taste a bit chalky if you do not mix with something.  i put in my morning smoothie and blend it in and it works great.
i purchased this product to use under leukotape at the recommendation of my physical therapist. i have used it on my knees, feet, and back, and found it to be tremendously helpful in supporting my joints and relieving pain.
personally,  i hate seeing a review for a supplement from someone who has only used it a couple of times.  it is not long enough to determine if it really works or if there are significant side effects.  i actually took these for a full month before recording my experience.  overall,  it was a positive one.i  have a spinal cord injury and like many wheelchair users, i have a problem with muscle spasms.  using a magnesium supplement has worked better than muscle relaxers and without all of the nasty side effects.  this is a lower dosage than i usually use,  but the absorption is better apparently because it works just as well.  it is also a good choice if you are starting out.  it is not a high enough dose to cause digestive problems.
love the selection of colors and that these are all hypoallergenic. perfect!
hardly use it.  not that great of a product.
good material
because everyone is hoarding everything and apparently decided vicks will cure covid19 it will not my poor little immunocompromised kiddo was suffering with a chest cold.i searched amazon and got the idea to type in "chest rub" and this little gem came up. and while it does not smell like traditional vicks it smells amazing actually she loves it!!it leaves her skin soft. i rubbit on her heart surgery scar and it is softer now. we also put it on her back and feet. i have barely made a dent in the jar. when it wears off she brings it to me knowing it will make her feel better.we will 100 be buying again.
for me this works great and i love that its 24hr, so i can get through the entire day without having to stop and remember to take another in mid day or so....
brush too soft. should be for children only. brush head must be replaced every month. not good, not stated on description. instructions had to be enlarged in order to read them! merchandise returned.
great for whites keep them really bright with a combo oxy and bleach. oxy and  bleach throw them together at once the chemicals do not agree with each other just throw oxy  the same time you use the detergent then bleach has his own separate dispenser!
i use these bags all the time; however, after 1 or 2 uses they do not work anymore.  they are especially good for strawberries.
excellent product.  helps reduce coughing.
wonderful set! sturdy and well made!!
this is my go to i feel like i got hit by a bus medicine. i like that its a hot liquid and not a syrup that burns going down. it helps me feel better, and to get comfortable enough to get some sleep. the taste is pleasant you cannot go wrong with honey and lemon with a sore throat and congestion. if they ever stop making this i am going to be in trouble.i love you theraflu!!!
i use this everyday. so good.
seems to do a good job stopping the itch without a horrid smell
my son love it! i would be again. it is fun, excited, and leaves no mess.
these lip balms contain essential oils. this is not disclosed in the ingredient list in the product description or in the seller's response to a question about ingredients. those of us with allergies rely on this information being accurate, especially when a product claims to be fragrancefree. now i have to go through the hassle of returning this product when it was misrepresented on amazon.
this stuff does exactly what it says it will do. relieve pain and make you feel better.  happy!
love these! they work very well to keep baby happy and regular especially as we are starting to feed baby solids!
with covid eyeglasses all fogged up we purchased this.  it kind of works.  the process to cleanapply is much different than regular eyeglass cleaner and you spray, smear it around until dry, and then wipe any streaks off.  the glass still fogged up from breathing but much less than untreated lenses.  will keep and try again until i can figure this stuff out.
first, the good this product comes in a package with a roller ball in it, so it is easy to apply topically. the bottle is dark, so it protects the oils inside.now, the middling the scent is tolerable, but not particularly mind blowing. it does not last long.finally, the bad i did not notice that this blend of essential oils really did much for me. it certainly did not offer me any relief, mostly because it was not strong enough to last for any length of time. i will not be buying this product again.
how did people clean walls before these? the magic part of the name is more accurate than anything i can think of.
these are really nice gift boxes.  very fancy and can be used for any occasion.  super easy to set up and the kids gold down nice.  add a little tissue paper and your really ready for any small gift giving need.  love the shiny color that is really suitable for any occasion.
i have been using turkey tail mushroom since 2014 ever since i was diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis. this brand is really good. just one a day for the past couple weeks has been great. i do not feel as sluggish and i feel it does a great job protecting my liver.
cut great so far time will tell how they last.
the innate vitality krill oil looks like a good replacement for another company's krill oil that was costing me almost double. i have been taking the product for almost 3 weeks now, 2 capsules daily, one in the morning and the other after dinner which is late, usually about 8 or 830. in that time i have not experienced any aftertaste, nor have i detected any scent except for a very slight one which is too be expected as all health supplements have their own unique fragrance.the jury is still out if this will help my irregular high blood pressure but i know it will take some time for my body to see the overall benefits but it seems from the research i have done that krill oil has been proven, scientifically, to benefit your cardiovascular system. i will be ordering my next bottle shortly as they are out of stock right now and possibly go on a subscription basis, if one is offered.
simple but attractive.  tissue paper adds a nice pop of color.
i like these reading glasses a great deal for reading in reasonably good light.  in dim light i need stronger magnification, but for most uses, these are fine.  they are attractive and each pair has a carrying case, but the cases are a little tight.  i like this product because i like to stash reading glasses around the house, and these are reasonably enough priced that i can afford several pair.  all in all, highly recommended.
these are certainly small and lightweight, but if you are traveling to a location with complimentary shampoo i recommend just using the shampoo to wash your clothes. most plain shampoos work very well as a laundry soap, but i am not sure about the type with conditioner.  i had some pretty dirty hiking clothes and the shampoo seemed to get them cleaner than this soap.
i have on used two out of the box. they left me very tired the next day.
too grainy, i had to keep stirring it to keep it from settling so i could drink it....
exactly as expected. i just throw it in the washer when done. works well on my floors, i recommend these.
perfect portions for brushing teeth, rinsing with mouth wash and a handy spray container for freshening up your breath as needed.
works as expected. no problems
smells like a new unit was installed
great product, a bit expensive, but works well
these make great gifts! love the lavender scent and the bombs are a nice size too. they last a bit and make your bath a relaxing spa. the tops have little lavender buds which is a nice touch.
i got this to help support my weak knee and get the benefits of the compression sleeve. i did not want to wear two separate items when everything can be had it this one item. the sleeve is tight but i know that is the compression working. once on, it is comfortable and i do not feel any discomfort. wished it came in a 2pack so my legs feel balanced but happy with it giving my one weaker knee support.
very easy to mix into a shake or just water.  i usually mix mine into my morning glass of water.  definitely noticed increased hydration.
this is amazing! i am a light sleeper and need white noise in order to fall asleep. it is loud enough for me! was a little expensive for a white noise machine but i am very glad i bought it. have been using it for 6 months and is working perfectly!
i cleaned all the markers that my little people did and it take a little elbow work but it works your walls and my side table in the kitchen is back to normal smells great it do not agitates my sinuses i need to get a huge tub of this stuff shines stainless steel to a sparkle on my sink just goobles up the water mineral buildup never using other stuff after this now i do not have to sand down my walls because of marker marks hope this helps someone out get this box first comes with a two different scrubbier and start getting the same stuff after that no disappointment
i used this after the cake foaming cleanser. the powder does not come out as easily as i would like. i had to rub the blobs into my toy. i feel my toy is left clean and soft. the ingredients are nothing more than cornstarch so its pretty overpriced, but it works.
either this is a bit awkward to use or i am just not used to it yet. since i use a shower bench, it is helpful to have a lower location for a shower head holder. the suction cup grips the tile really well but it is a bit hard to position the shower head in the holder, probably because i have a fairly large shower head. this product would be better suited to a small or mediumsized shower head.
every thing i needed
as described  recommended seller
adorable little bundles!  smelled wonderful too!
love and will buy again!
these smell a little fishy but other than that i am happy with these. they are vegetarian friendly, organic and nongmo. i take spirulina for overall health. they are a superfood and very nutrient dense so i take them every day. the recommended dose is 6 so i split them up and take 3 in the morning and 3 at night. they are easy to take and easy on the stomach, and i could even take them on an empty stomach without nausea, or after tasteburps.
so glad i bought this.  we make our own bubble solution and it is so much cheaper than even the dollar store version.  the homemade stuff even works a lot better.  this stuff is great for bubbles.  i also found a recipe for bubble bath that i am going to try.  i would recommend this because it was a great price and it works well.
listen people.  call your vet and ask how to use this product.  i have this and our vet said use it after the special shampoo after she dries.  use a little anytime you see itching. massage into skin but do not use much.  its not a rinse just after shampoo when wet.  do not complain something does not work when you do not know how to use it.  my dogs dermatologist  recommends this product.  some people kill me because they do not think.
great for little ones. the color holds well and the design is cute.
these are so pretty and wash up great  hand wash. would surely recommend.
i liked the effect from these corneacare rescue self cooling hydrogel cold compress eye cooling pads. personally i preferred the cooling effect after putting them eye cooling pads in the fridge before using but i found them to be very helpful with my dry eyes and puffy eyes from allergies.
i chose these cases because of the way they look and having the tools with them in the case, therefore i could see my contacts through the top. to my surprise the cases are not leak proof!!
it may be a particular brand of tennis shoe, but when i walk for long periods of time in them, my toes start to hurt. usually it is my second toe and it hurt like it was sprained.  anyway, i am overweight and attributed a lot of the problem to my weight, but noticed with other sneakersflip flops, etc. with the same distance when walking, the pain did not happen.  the tennis shoes were expensive and it was too late to return them so instead of losing out on being able to wear them entirely, i thought to try these.  they worked and they worked well.  i do not experience that same pain in my toes or when it does, it is after walking over two miles and not on the first mile.  a fairly inexpensive fix to the problem, but next time i go to purchase new walking shoes, i will try a different brand.
i have these in each room because i usually have my hands full when entering a room.  i do not have to get out of  to turn off the lights to go to sleep.
just what i needed to balance my walking step due to one leg being slightly shorter than the other which my doctor prescribed for me. perfect plus very fast shipper. i am highly satisfied.
i love these gel inserts as i have the double wammy of foot issues.  i have heel spurs and planters fasiicitis.  because of back issues i do not wear heels, flats are the only way for me to roll. i switch them around to different shoes.  so inserts are my best friend, you laugh as i make such a big deal outta inserts, but there are those out there in amazon land that know what i am saying.  you get 2 pairs for 5.99, that is a good deal.
i thought it was like i had years ago but things change ... i returned it, not a sticky and although it worked somewhat, not what i had expected.
used to clean outdoor furniture cushions and it did a great job.  plan to purchase again.
chocolatey, but not chocolate milk i despise chocolate milk. flavor reminds me of the inside of a 3musketeers candy bar. liquify that, keep it thick, and that is what it makes me think of. it is really thick, could easily water it down or use milk of choice, or add to blender with some ice and get something that tastes much like a milk shake or frosty, reminds me of a frosty when i do that.not a "low calorie food, but is within the norm for drinks and powders of this ilk. i love meal replacement drinks over plain protein as the added vitamins, minerals, and fiber make me feel better than protein alone.  i make smoothies and use prefab nutrition drinks like this as a means to get something in my body when i do not feel like eating. i often do not have an appetite until half way through my day, but i will feel some low level hunger, and i know i need something to power me through my physical work day. so a simple smoothie usually works and allows me to add in other supplements such as collagen, mushroom powder. that being said, at some point i am never quite satisfied with a liquid meal, but still do not want a meal. so i usually add in a few nibbles of something, whether it be fruit, veg, cheese stick, snack bar, etc.works great as a snack, or even as a "dessert"sweetened primarily with allulose, and finishes with some sucralose splenda!. i do not really have an opinion on either sweetener. i find both are very sweet, without an aftertaste, and i do not have digestive issues from it.pack of six, 32 ounce bottles which contain 4 8 ounce servings all told same as a pack of 24 bottles at 8 ounces each. i like the option of it having a few servings worth in one big bottle as it cuts down on packaging. but it also reduces my ability to just grab and go. however, they do carry these in other sizes!price per ounce is very similar to others with blood glucose support in mind.i have to say, i did not know what to expect. with my first sip, i was impressed with taste, texture, and how there was no odd taste or funny after taste. really quite pleasing flavor. the extra thick texture makes it versatile. thick makes it feel like a shake, and triggers belly into thinking there is something in there. but it also allows for it to be watered down some if you want something to sip.i am impressed, and would recommend this. of course, take a look at ingredients and decide if it is good for your needs.
my kids are super picky. it is like they know they are eating something for their health and immediately is "bad", but these are great! they love eating them. the flavor is not strong, but enough to be tasteful for them. they have a great consistency and are chewables.they are sugar free and that is really a plus.in times when health is so important this probiotics are the best.like them!
good product but wrong priceone of these at walmart is 95 cents
yosemite are high quality, and have reinforcement rings for holding them against the brick pillars on our four porch.
i love healthy delights chews. i think they are a healthy alternative to swallowing a pill and they taste good too. almost as an appetite suppresant. i will always  purchase these chews when i can.
my 7 year old loves this. it had multiple settings and it helps him brush for a full 2 minutes.
i believe this product does help the pressure in my eyes.  i will continue using the product.
very good quality urn, easy to remove lid and it stays on tight...the map is beautiful although the reason it only has 4 stars is because across the top of my lid there is the alphabet?  i do not understand it?  it is called a world traveler urn...my brother was a world traveler so i thought it would be great for him....everybody that sees it says why is the alphabet on the top and i really have no answer...besides that everything is as described....thanks!
excellent product for the price.  even gave some away to fellow traveler during recent cruise.
not 2.50 power reading glasses, do not know what they are because someone has taken the size off the arm, should be printed like the first pair i bought but is not. no wonder the shipment was late.  i purchased these before and love them, but this time they are defective, scratched, late, and wrong power. seller's quality control is very very bad.
i did not realize its going to change structure of my soup, like jello and i do not like it. now thinking how can i use it. good things is it does not change a taste!
i love this loofah.  it is especially helpful for getting rid of dry skin in winter when i am cooped up in the house with the drying furnace turned on.  the length is fine for me5'8" and it would fit a shorter person as well.
do not know how clean it makes my teeth, but i love the taste of the splashin' citrus. i could eat it. actually why not; bentonite is edible and so is citrus. i have tried various forms of the redmond toothpastes, but i hate trying to get the last of the paste out of the plastic tube. it makes me nostalgic for the good old days of the metal tubes that stay rolled when you roll them. with the new plastic tubes, you probably lose about 14 of the toothpaste in the tube.
a lot of ribbon.
very cooling and soothing, but almost to the point of being too strong. provides relief almost immediately.
does the job.
easy to take great energy without tingles jitters you easily pump for 90 mins and not know it.
i love them so much.i have given some away and ordered more!both orders came exactly the way i ordered them... saturday my second orderi ordered them alone were packed 2 pks in a plastic bag with a tie and then in a strong amazon shipping bag .perfect thanks for the best product everi am struggling with this diabetes and i am having gastric bypass surgery and how i eat is very important to me! those bags have become a part of my daily eating regime... thanks for making my life better
i really wanted to like this but i just cannot. it has several features that just do not work for me. although it fits ok, the elastic is heavy and the velcro closure is very stiff. overall it is quite uncomfortable to wear. the velcro, if not closed very carefully, catches on the wrap and already there are fabric pulls where it has snagged the wrap. it is also a very thin fabric, and affords no warmth when you get out of the shower. also i do not find it particularly absorbent. it would work i guess, as a 34;modesty34; coverup if you were in a public place  like the gym showers, but other than that i cannot say much about it that is positive. sorry but this is a 2 star product for me, at best.
keep these in my tool box, around the shop  even in my truck.  handy for an assortment of uses.  hold a good edge  can cut through webbing, fabrics, jeans, thin metals and even wire in a pinch.
i am thrilled with the results i have had with the jigsaw healthmagnesium wsrt. not only has it lowered my bp by 40 points, it has brought my sugar level down to normal levels. my doctor said that if the reading continue like this, she is taking me off my rxx!
just what i was looking for.  extras are nice too.  box seems to be made well.
product was not what was expected
these are great. they keep pairs of socks together, and reduce sorting time. so far about 6 months they have been pretty durable. i have purchased more to add to the household, so i would say they are good, at least at our house.
creates a good foamy lather in under a minute, bristles have not fallen out and the knot is tight.  initially has a musky odor and only issue would be that the handle is pretty wide i have big hands and it is a difficult to get a comfortable grip.  but overall i am satisfied with the product
the smell is perfect love it i read reviews before the purchase and they were right better than ax cannot go wrong with a brand that has been around forever
i very rarely wore sneakers or athletic shoes prior to the pandemic as no matter what brand i bought dr. scholls; etnies; reebok; skechers they hurt my feet. i even tried gel inserts  nothing would help.i often, and with great success, wore flip flops. i wore them at theme parks, at a racetrack, running errands.but, i still craved the security of a sneaker.i decided to get these, and thought they would work.the biggest issue  no guidelines to cut the insert. and, for what they are charging paying customers i got a complimentary review product  that is really unacceptable. even the cheap dr. scholls have guidelines.as far as comfort? these inserts were a tad too stiff and rough. with my feet already having issues  i did not want to wait a good two weeks to see how well they worked. then again, due to the pandemic  that two weeks might be months as i do not go out. i mostly due curbside, drivethru, or delivery for what i need.given the mixed reviews  i do not think id get these again and i would caution against anyone i personally know, purchasing them.
got this for my 13yr. old grandsonhe carries it with him always.
delicious and nutritious. these help me feel better and taste fantastic. pineapple flavor. but not overpowering.
this is my 4th or 5th pair of sleep headphones. each set has been slightly different.  these are the most comfortable by far.  the padding around the eyes is a perfect addition.  also the adjustability via the velcro type band is very helpful.  my ears are low set and i have trouble getting a good fit on most headwear or glasses. the system connects easily and sounds fine.  i would prefer a flatter smaller speaker as these can be a little bulky feeling if you lay on them. but at this price point, i still love them.  battery life is good too!
i would love to be able to say that this helped me with stress. but i cannot. i could not tell a difference. i even tried some on my dog to see if it would make a difference. no, it did not. but it did not harm either of us. maybe this is not strong enough for me. or maybe i could not tell a difference because of my meds.
beware! these came shipped fine shipping container in tact's but the  tegaderm boxes have smashed corners that look like they have been sitting in liquid. they smell like chemical. i attempted to do a return and was told "there are no returns on this item" despite just opening the package today after receiving it 4 days ago.this is a pretty expensive loss to take and if you need this for medication patches like i do, it is quite a bummer. go somewhere else to purchase.
these are great! so beautiful and you can feel the quality of the grit on the files themselves. i have owned quite a few brands of glass files before and i am so glad i found these.
does not stay in place and too large.
this is a great way to add antioxidants to your food! i prefer fresh, but it is not like i can find acai berries at my local grocers! so this is the next best way to include them into your foods. easy to use, versatile  add to yogurt, smoothies, etc.
unfortunately this flavor has milk in it... disappointing, but i will continue to buy the cold brew coffee flavor that tastes good  has no dairy.
this is the first time that i can honestly say i could not wait to write a review because i am so pleased.  i ordered these for my boyfriend who has an average build but is 6'5" and needed something to keep his medication on for psoriasis while he sleeps.  the gloves at all the drug stores in our area said large but actually seemed like they were a child large.  i read many reviews hoping to find something like these gloves.  these gloves are awesome!  they stretched perfectly and were very comfortable to wear all night. although they were snug to put on the first time, he said the ointment did not get wiped off of the tips of his fingers and knuckles where he needed it.  i will definitely be ordering another pair.  he is so happy to have a product that is actually able to give him some relief.  i cannot thank you enough!
great for packing light
this is by far theeeeee best moisturizer!! i buy all that i see in the store  then i buy more my husband has severe psoriasis  this is a relief. its thick but rubs in so smooth. my skin is soft until the next day!
too tight
best sleep aid on the market.
this is initial review. got this 45 days back. was very easy to set up and connect with the network and the tracker. however, getting inconsistent results. to elaborate, did everything right viz. place it on the hard surface, keep it at the same location, weighed myself keeping my feet bare and dry. weighing myself  3 times at interval of one minute just to check the consistency and getting different results for weight as well as body fat . it varies by .5 to 1 pound in terms of weight and 1 in terms of body fat. anyone else experiencing the same?
i love trying different protein flavors to switch it up from my normal vanilla. this pia colada one is definitely a new favorite!! the flavor is spot on and not too sweet or artificial flavored. one of my favorite ways to enjoy this is mixed into some plain greek yogurt. i serve myself a half cup to a full cup, mix in a half to full scoop and then let it chill again a little bit before eating. it completely erases any hint of whey powder and it is just a nice sweet treat that is high in protein and low sugar!. it dissolves easily in yogurt as well as in milk when i use it for shakes. i did not experience any bloating or digestive issues. highly recommend if you are looking to try new flavor!hope this review is helpful!
seems to be working good.  helps out dry brittle hair.
great product. its very sturdy, and the blades are sharp enough to cut without much effort. a nice change from the standard cheap and flimsy little clippers.
great after my foot surgery. makes a difference
this is a really great first aid kit. it has 250 things and that is plenty of things that i need to help take care of my family if an accident happens. no one wants an accident to happen but if one does i have a kit that has everything i need and then some. it is great it is a nice little bag all well organized and put it right where it needs to be with a nice little handle so i can carry everything when i go.i really like this it has a little bit of everything to cover a little bit of everything if it happened. i am glad i found this kit and was able to purchase one for my family.i purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
works great, cheaper than walmart
awesome product! happy customer.
good product but the mattress is a bit hard for my liking so i am returning it.
sticks even on greasy surface
part of the daily regimen for knee pain.as expected.
fit perfect and you can handle hot things without a problem
this is a smart little case.  it has sections and a divider to allow for separation of items, which is helpful to prevent necklace chains, earrings, etc, from getting all jumbled together.  however, because it does have dividers, it has a bit of thickness to it.  while this is a good, wellmade case, i will bet someone will create a jewelry organizer soon that will keep items separate without adding the extra fabric that is in this one.  i also wish it came in other colors.  when it comes to jewelry while traveling, my preference is to have a bright color that cannot be overlooked on a dresser top or inside a hotel safe when packing to leave.  how 'bout a bright neon green?if you find this review helpful, please let me know by using the voting buttons.  through the years, i have relied on reviews to make smart purchases and now i am trying to 34;pay it forward34; by helping others with my reviews.  please let me know how i am doing with your vote.  thanks!!
all the formulas are easy to use. unlike other pens, they are not overnight ones so you do have to time it and remember you started.results are not mindblowing but there are results so great
very soft and holding up pretty well to washes.
this thing is a godsend. i was spending 100 on acupressure spa visits to lessen the pain in my neck. using this the first time, brought tears to me eyes because it was so damn good. i was able to target the abd spot right where i needed it the most, plus the heat helps, wish it was more heat. i also wish the handles were loops because its a tad awkward to readjust from neck to upper or lower back as you have to remove from from inside the cuffs, minor thing really. but being able to hang arms inside the cuffs means you get to control how mnuch pressure is applied which is the key to delviering the massage. i was impressed at how well made this thing is, very good stitiching and love the red glow you get from the item. for the price i paid, its amazing value and really does work, it has helped to reduce my neck pains. i use it before going to bed and wake up with much lesser pains in my neck, i only wish i had bought this item sooner. i wish the nodes could be spaced further apart, its fixed position. this thing is really meant to be used mostly on the neck but since you can move it around you can target those sore spots any where. also works wonders on the lower calf!. not so great on lower back for me, nodes too close but again simply move it around to target the spot. i also wish the power cord were longer, you almost need a extension cord if you want to use it where ever, so keep that in mind, you will need a power outlet where ever you plan to sit for the next hour!
this is a rather large product, but i like the shape and how it can stand up on its own on the carpet. it has lights on it that fluctuate to different colors, but if you are using it when you are sleeping, the lights can be turned off. it has several different levels of use and you can turn it on high to get the most heavy air cleaning. seems to work well and it is easy to remove and clean the filter.
this stain remover is different than other ones i have used. its like a deodorant stick style dispenser. i used it on paint and fruit stains so far and it worked very well. it could be used for a large variety of different stains and its easy to apply rub it on and let it sit for 15 minutes, and then wash in warmhot water. my kids always get all types of stains on their clothes, especially white, so this comes in handy. a couple minutes after you apply it, you could see the stain remover interact with the stain. the scent is not overpowering and has a fresh smell. i love that it is for sensitive skin, biodegradable, and natural, does not contain chemicals.
i use this to wash my face with my rechargeable facial tool  after removing my makeup. it is gentle, smells clean, does not strip the natural oils, and has a great price point.
i use this product every day.
great smell, and it is safe for my son who had severe eczema.  i get complimented all the time on how our clothes smell and it is because of this and the dryer spray that method sells.
this is great!
good for the baby!
the other brands, especially the "menthol ones", are like hydrochloric acid up your nose with a pinch of eucalyptus. they burn. they do not work as well, for me. 4way is the best, fastest acting and has the least amount of rebound. superior to the oxymetazaline hcl that the more popular brand uses. read your labels!
there is a bunch of tiny brushes.
these backnobbers were given as gifts to several family members.  i have had one for years!  they are amazing!!  i use it almost daily and i can travel with it!  i highly recommend getting one so you can give yourself a back rub whenever you need or want for as long as you like instead of having to wait on someone else to do it for 30 seconds!  buy one for anyone who has stress in their life!
great make up remover. smells nice.
after many years on a duty belt my old mask and glove case gave up this replacement was reasonably priced and fit extra gloves and mask without issues
i am very satisfied by this charger and i greatly appreciate the built in safeguards it deploys. i was able to quickly weed out useless old nimh and nicd rechargeable batteries i have and refresh the good ones. the charge, discharge feature is phenomenal and has rejuvenated countless batteries i tossed in the drawer. it works flawlessly. i like the sleek look and i do believe i will buy another for my office at work. i highly recommend this charger.
be very careful with this product.. i read the reviews that said there was no bad side effects, no jitters, etc. yesterday i took half of one pill before lunch to test and that was the worst day i have ever had. i had to leave work early and spent all day in the bathroom with diarrhea. i had pain every 1015 minutes in my stomach. i was about to go to urgent care but the pain started to appear every half hour or so. had to miss work the next day.please be careful with these pills! i am not sure what happened, but it might be that i am that sensitive to caffeine and i drink soda a lot.
the "rabbit" portion was too long for me and the vibration so strong it would make a jackhammer pleasurable. not to mention it takes 3 hrs to charge but only lasts 1 hr.
very nice scent and holds heat from microwave well. love how soft it is.
so far out of all the diabetic bags i have purchased i keep coming back to this case. it fits my insulin pen, my napkins when out to dinner and have a sanitary place to lay my stuff out, my meter pouch, alcohol wipes and needles. and it fits in my purse. i like it. and there is a small pocket to put an ice pack if needed.  i like it it so far. i just purchased the sarah spunda by dittibags also sold on amazon bag to see how that will work for my diabetic needs. suppose to arrive today. i wanted something cute and feminine to carry my stuff but if the comments are accurate then i will be going back to this case!
have not recieved this item yet but i love these batteries.  they do not last as long as other batteries but it is worth recharging them when needed.
super soft and a good price.
i was so excited to try these. i love coffee and tea, so that is what i mixed them with, as per the packet recommendations. the flavors were...interesting and different than i expected. not bad! but not exactly yummy either. i think i would have to experiment to dial in what works best with which packet to really enjoy them, and the price is too high for me to justify chugging them like a vitamin shot. if you enjoy earthy tones in your coffee or teas, then you will probably like them more than me; i will fully admit i am picky. i also did not notice any immediate benefits after just 2 packages, so i probably will not be buying them again.
everyone that see's this on my dad just loves it.
very comfortable and relievers pressure from hips and lower back
daily dose of probiotics that is the good bacteria that your body needs. easy to swallow and has no noticeable taste.  completely vegetarian and loaded with lactobacillus and bifidobacterium probiotic bacteria, this digestive formula will balance intestinal flora and improve health and well being.
love the product but my tin arrived in a dented box with no packaging inside. lid of the tin was also dented. disappointing. i want to take the vitamins so i did not want to have to send it back and wait for a replacement.
finally i found a great heating pad. this one has 6 heat settings and normally you would have to use the highest but not on this pad. also the size is excellent. i have been looking for one like this forever. my neighbor is going to order one now as well. thank you very much.
these wipes are nice  thick, they smell good also. an the price is good. i am going to buy more because i always use wipes. an these are close to cottonelle  huggies  wipes. what i really like is that no white fuzz comes off the wipe. buy these wipes
really nice and thick vg wexcellent taste. i use this in all my diy projects,
these pills have a pretty pungent odor, but oddly i do not taste it or burp it up. i am pretty happy with the results i am getting after taking them for about a week. they are definitely useful for flushing out the system and the ingredients seem to be of good quality. i would say they are worth giving a try.
the screw that holds the carbide tip is already rounded and difficult to unscrew.
i put it under my sheets and i had not been sleeping well and i just told my husband i think there is a lot of energy in the air or something. because i feel wired.. well the very first time i slept on it i felt the relief.... now i am broke in and tell a small mount , however, if i forget to plug it in, i do not sleep well,very noticeable.. i am so glad i tried it..
this really works.
i have been using this for about 4 or 5 days and have not noticed anything, but i am going to give it more time. i am 52 and have bags under my eyes so am hoping this can help with them.after weeks of using daily i have not noticed anything.
more energy, kept me focused. used this before workouts and work on computer.
do not buy. this came half empty. this is a horrible deal for the price. buy from someone else.
what is better than some puff facial tissues when you have a sore, runny nose? nothing. these are soft and even contain some lotion, which means that hopefully you will be able to avoid that red, irritated nose that often results from a bad cold. the cube shaped box contains 52 soft tissues. this 10 pack can be divided and used in multiple places. i have a box on my desk at work; one in my car; and others strategically placed around my house.
we purchased this for our baby's room. we already had one for our own bedroom and loved it. totally drowns out the sounds of life outside the window and allows for a deeper sleep.our baby now associates the noise machine with sleeping and her eyelids start drooping the moment we turn it on.four stars because it does seem that the noise gets softermuffled after a few months of use. i thought maybe this was just me going deaf, but i do not think so. the new one we got for the baby is definitely louder than our old workhorse. i also think the holes in the machine that are supposed to allow you to vary the volume of sound do not really do enough. there is a noticeable difference in volume but not enough range.updated review february 2017 one of our machines has developed a truly irritating rattle. it took a couple days of terrible sleep before i figured it out. like another reviewer mentioned, it seems better if the machine is on an angle, but the rattle is so unpredictable. i am ordering a replacement and hoping this is just the result of years of nightly use and not some sort of manufacturing quality issue. our device and the newer one we got for our daughter are identical and we have moved them around enough that we do not know which was the original anymore.
this stuff works wonders !
although i have not used coppertone for years, this certainly is the smell that i remember from way back when. those days before an spf was listed on the bottle, the days when there were billboards with the little girl with the tan line as the dog tugged on her bathing suit bottom.for nostalgia alone, i would like this product. the fact that it feels much better going on than i remember the old ones to be, is a big plus.it has an spf of 30, and since i usually use it around a pool, the fact that it is water resistant is also very nice.just remember to put it on as the label suggests, applying at 15 minutes before sun exposure, and reapplying after swimming or at least every 2 hours.
beware these do not just fit any eyelash curler.
my wife loves these tissues...so soft
if you ever have suffered from constipation, then you already know that there are a lot of products available to make your bowels work easier the next morning. this is the stuff that is in many of them. if you need fiber, you psyllium husk, if you need to ease constipation, you use senna.
delicious! i must be the only person who likes the taste of this stuff!
just as described very pleased
my boyfriend swears by tart cherries in any form.  i have read a lot about them and sour cherry reduces inflammation and muscle soreness, helps with insomnia, and prevents gout a form of arthritis.  inflammation is my middle name so i wanted to try this. although, i do not have gout, i do have arthritis in various parts of my body. i also have daily muscle aches and inflammation which was recently verified by a doctor, yet after consuming these capsules for a couple of weeks, they have had no effect either good or bad on me. i should be finished with the bottle in another two weeks.  the positive is that i did not have any side effects.  i have used nature's bounty red yeast rice and although that product worked for me to lower my cholesterol, i had a permanent nasty side effect from it. therefore, i consider the absence of any bad effects with this supplement a big plus. on the other hand, i have had no reduction in soreness or inflammation so it is like taking a placebo for me.  it does appear this tart cherry concentrate works for some, so i suggest anyone considering this give it a try.depending on how many pills are taken per day, this bottle provides a 60, 30, or 20 day supply. the recommended dosage is 1 to 3 pills per day with meals. the max i have taken was 2 per day.i called nature's bounty to understand why the bottle says 1000mg equivalent on the front, yet the back says 250mg per capsule. what the fellow say to me was that the powder is concentrated and the 250 is the weight if you were to empty the contents of the capsule. however, he said since it is an extract, these compressed components are equivalent to 1000mg per capsule. whether this is really true or not, i have no idea.as for the ingredients, besides the tart cherry prunus cerasus fruit extract, each capsule also includes vegetable cellulose and less than 2 of silica and vegetable magnesium stearate. this is suitable for vegetarians.
did not stay secure on walker, had to return
my husband is so tight in the pocket he squeaks when he walks.he washes and disinfects and stores plastic neti pots.great, but when i need one, i just cannot bring myself to use someone else's snot washer. i mean, really?this is a good deal nicer, and it is not going to break my bank. if you are really strapped for cash, there are videos on how to flush your sinuses without spending any money at all. for my sensibilities, this two pack is great.
great stuff slept well did not wake up hung over use 14 bottle.  the problem is  my roommate keeps taking them.
awesome toilet paper! i love charmin big rolls like this. they last a while in the household.
i thought it worked well in the beginning but later it failed to help with the leg cramps.
cheap quality
this product was okay...it does leave your skin feeling baby soft, definitely recommend it to friends you still have to use an additional cream afterwards to prevent stubborn ingrowns.
makes it so much easier to get around when using a walker
i really like this toothpaste. you only need a little so it last a long time. seems to be whitening my teeth. i am allergic to sls and have had no reaction. wish it was less expensive, but other than that i love it.
informative, lightweight  sturdy
it is a fine product but a little shaky when i had to use it.it needs a counter balanceweight.
my husband made the mistake of thinking he did not need to clean stainless steel bottles if he only drank water out of them. he figured rinsing was good enough. then he looked inside the bottle with a flash light. this product saved his bottles! i use it on my daughter's hydroflask, does a great job. i wish the handle was a little longer and the brush part was a little bigger, but it works.
it took me a while to figure out how to really use these. basically the idea is just to push in much like fingernails. the problem is you have to push pretty hard and they can easily hurt you. it is not really easier than pushing your skin with your fingernails unfortunately. i will keep trying to get better with them. however if you have easily broken skin i would suggest being very, very careful in attempting these.
this seems identical to the name brand version but at a better price.
great glasses! nice style!
perfect case for my pulse ox. now i can keep up with it better.
these are so cute and a great value for the money. i have two daughters, so the 4 pack is perfect  we can usually find 2 at bedtime. they are adorable and my girls love them!
a little pricey but does what it says.
excellent product. i have very thin, sensitive skin, and using band aids usually causes more damage. i was getting desperate when i saw these. i had to use them this week and they are perfect for me. they are truly made for sensitive skin, come off easily, and do no damage, and they stay on until you take them off.
i have been using a water machine to alkalize and purity the water for several years.  my research shows that it removes many minerals along with the chlorine and fluoride which is why i purchased it.  so, using the purelymin is my way of replacing the minerals.  i have used this brand of herbs and spices north american herb  spice co. for many years and it is one of the best.  nice to see that amazon is selling it.
this supplement is utilizes a blend of ingredients that increase energy and increase alertness.what is in itthiamin vitamin b1, thiamin, or thiamine, enables the body to use carbohydrates as energy. it is essential for glucose metabolism, and it plays a key role in nerve, muscle, and heart function.riboflavin vitamin b2 is a watersoluble vitamin that is flushed out of the body daily. it helps the body break down carbohydrates, proteins and fats to produce energy, and it allows oxygen to be used by the body.niacinamide a form of vitamin b3, an essential nutrient that supports many cellular processesit uses an enormous dose of b12 and b6.b6 one of the b vitamins that benefits the central nervous system. it is involved in producing the neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine, and in forming myelin.b12 may benefit your body in impressive ways, such as by boosting your energy, improving your memory and helping prevent heart disease.the proprietary blend contains about the amount of caffeine as the average cup of coffee.guarana seed extract is used for weight loss, to enhance athletic performance, as a stimulant, and to reduce mental and physical fatigue. it is a frequent addition to energy and weight loss products.ltyrosine may improve mood and cognitive and physical performance.eleuthero root extract eleuthero is also commonly called siberian ginseng.  often used to boost energy, metabolism, and physical performance.i found this supplement to be very effective. in my experience i would not recommend taking it within 10 hours of bedtime.  based on the enormous dose of several of the b vitamins i would not recommend taking this supplement regularly but as an occasional supplement it definitely works.as with all drews reviews, if i discover something new about this product  good or bad  i will update my review.  i believe in creating detailed, complete reviews because, like you, i depend on them when i am shopping.  if you found my review helpful  please click  below!
was very happy with this product and seller. would buy again.
because of the way i have my desk and computer set up, i lean on my left elbow while at my computer. in addition, my husband does most of the driving and while in the car, i tend to lean my left arm on the arm rest. soon, i had a problem. i essentially developed a 34;bed sore34; on my left elbow, and no matter how many creams and tender loving care i gave it, i could not seem to get rid of it. then i found and purchased this item 2 in fact  one for desk area, one for car, and in no time, my elbow began to clear up. it took off the pressure, and gave the creams and ointments time to do their work. i like the idea that my arm does not overheat, because of the mesh that keeps most of the arm cool. other styles did not have that.  the pad slips around a little, but not badly, and easily moves back into place.  i keep the computer one on a small shelf that is part of my desk, and the one for the car, i keep in that builtin 34;sidepocket34; in the door. i told my dermatologist about what i was doing, and he thought it was brilliant!  hope it works as well for you!  if you found this helpful, please click where noted below, and thanks!
i love them! cannot wait to finish my doily so i can block it.much better than using a padded towel!!
these were exactly as expected.  they are vitamins; melt fast, too.
very handy for soaking my night guard.
it does not work at all, i wasted money!!
unable to use until repeatedly washed. had odor.
i use kinesiology tape on my bad knees, and i had hoped this stuff would be a support to my back while i try to reduce my belly.  yeah there is one born every minute.  you get one!!! application that is not reusable.  the information says that it can be used for multiple days.  i do not know how to express how dumb that statement is.  pregnancy does not last a couple of days folks.  it is not a sprint, it is a marathon.  you would need to buy these every few days at best.  but if you use kinesiology tape you know that it is likely to peel up or loosen well before that.  so you are paying for one or two days of relief which you probably will not even get.just do not, okay?  get one of the ones that are reusable.
i honestly thought this was the worst thing i have ever tasted. it did not taste like vanilla or chai. it honestly tasted like dirt. i have not tried the other flavors. it is a bit too expensive. even for a sample pack.
very nice love the moist heat... need to manipulate beads into parts is only negative
i searched for a good amount of time looking for vegan gummy fiber vitamins for my 3 year old.  he loves them and looks forward to eating them!  he thinks they are candy!!
read the reviews and thought i would give this a try... first flavor i tried pina colada  smelled great but after the first taste i had to throw it away. it left a terrible after taste. thankfully, the variety pack had two more flavors. yup, they all have weird metallic after tastes. terrible. would not recommend.
i was not a fan of this because it gave me the jitters!
love this product very refreshing
this is perfect for college students and anyone wanting to meal prep or store left overs. i love how the containers stack together easily to keep a clean cabinet. comes in a set of 30 which i will actually be using at the neck family gathering to store leftovers for guests to take home instead of using zip lock bags. easy to clean and store away. i have been using these for a while and they were a lifesaver in college. glad i can get these in bulk here. highly recommended! as a warning, if you do microwave pasta, the sauce may stain if it is tomato based. i usually have designated o es just for that reason. other than that, it is perfect to freeze and reheat your meals in.
i have to say, i was skeptical when i ordered this product, but did so because it received great reviews.  and i am here to give another one.  my teeth do not whiten easily due to meds taken as a toddler. nothing has worked.  i have been using dreow for about 5 days and my granddaughter said, 34;you are teeth look so much whiter34; one day when i picked her up!  thanks again.  i love it!
these provide some support for my bad knee but ultimately they do not have any side support to stabilize my knee. these are probably better for light walking and some gentle exercise. though they have compression support, it does not prevent side twisting motion which is how i can hurt my knee. i do not really think there is anything special to copper infused compression sleeves. it kind of reminds me of the magnetic bracelets they sell that boast claims but have no real science behind it.i received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. i am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. my goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that i would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. my remarks are sincere and true. i work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. my goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. my opinions are my own and i thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. it is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. i received no monetary compensation and i am not required to give a good review. just looking at my public profile and you will see i do not hand out many 5 star reviews. they need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price i paid.kindly click 'yes' below if you found my review helpful.
as soon as we opened this product we realized just how cheaply it was made. we did however attempted to use it for a week. at the end of that we week we through all three of the items in the trash.
works out good for me not quite the one i wanted but it will do.i carry a portable tank of oxygen with me and it fits down in there perty good.
work very well with my machine. my old ones developed a 'quirk' where the wire plugged into the unit. now it works again. the item arrived quickly which was a good thing as i really needed a dependable set of wires at the time. those who use a tens unit know what i am talking about. the price was super reasonable for 2 sets and they shipped free with prime.
it is so rough and tore off my skin and started to bleed while i was walking. had to remove it midway and it was sticking to the socks. bad experience and now i have to wait for healing before i put on my shoes. and these happened within 2 miles walk. never buy it if you have soft skin
i like all of the egg white protein bars from julians bakery.  these do have a strong cinnamon flavor if you like cinnamon.  my favorite are the devils food chocolate and the glazed donut.  the sunbutter is an excellent choice too.
nice to have to store batteries but wish it was not all these little parts.  maybe combine two together.
item arrived very promptly, and as described by seller.
my husband bought me a pair of these i had saved to our list. as some other reviewers have said, they fit phenomenally. i have small ears and have a difficult time finding earplugs or earbuds that fit. usually they will pop out or hurt my ears. these for just right and i can wear them for hours without any problems. i liked mine so much i ordered these for my mom. she has the same issues with earplugs and earbuds, but adores these. thanks so much!
i purchased these to replace discolored nose pads on my old glasses. nose pads absorb oil from your skin and yellow with age. these are great  very soft and easy to install. you will need a tiny screwdriver to install them. for 2 pairs of glasses it took about 10 minutes to remove the old pads and replace them with these.
3 andrews  boot waxthis stuff resurrected a pair of hiking boots that i love, but that definitely had seen better days. the boots were scuffed and dried out looking, but now look almost new. i used a rag to rub a little of the leather conditioner into the boots, let it sit for a few minutes, then buffed with a clean cloth. the boots look darker than they did before treating them, but probably like they did when they were new. scuffs and scratches disappeared and the boots look incredible. give it a try if you have leather you think is beyond help...you will be surprised!
this review is based on my experience. so i have tried several silver lozenges and i believe the manuka honey from american biotech is the best. i wish they made it with agave syrup for those watching their blood sugar. just buy it already, lol.
my purchase arrived on time, and i am very happy with my product.
i do like kuumba but its always a hit or miss. i have purchased a few different kinds and one may hold its scent and smell lovely while others have absolutely no smell whatsoever.  its unfortunate.
nice and small
this did clean my clothes on a recent trip to europe but then my sister used it and her hands we wet so it turned into a lump we had to just use.  the direction very clearly state you must use with dry hands  so pay attention to that and you should like this product.
this heated hair straightener brush is okay. i did not like the very small section that the hair should go into to straighten. i have a place in the back that has a little curl, but the rest of my hair is straight. this straightener did not straighten that part of my hair.the box comes with a straightener brush with a power cord. the handle has a power button and two buttons for raising and lowering the temperature. instructions are included.i will not be recommending this heated hair straightener brush to family and friends.
took for a month now still no change it is kind of disappointing you spend money hoping for something but there is no drug that makes miracle happen
i bought this iron because it had great reviews and i keep seeing the thyme flat iron in my facebook feed, but did not want to spend a fortune on trying it out.  it takes some getting used to, you do need to twist the iron as you go but not much. i did get an instant curl, though you have to be careful not to flatten too much hold in place too long. the iron seems like nice quality, easy to turn on and change temps, and i like the lights as it heats up. it is pretty too, and has a good weight to it. i just got it so i cannot speak to it lasting, but for the price i am happy!
i like the idea but i never figured it out. three them away
for the supplement explorer, the d3k2 combo has been perfect. both are vital. both are microvolumedose. excellent design.the d3 blood test came on the scene as a routine blood panel. i knew that skin produces like 100k times more d3 than science imagined that the body needed. i grew up in miami enjoying more sun skin time than anyone had the right to absorb. i was shocked! shocked i tell you ... to discover that i was short d3. how could this possibly be?whatever, i am happily in the 'normative range' thanks to supplementation. the implications of k2 are still a bit new, but trust me ... you likely need it.
love the ease of these
very good product. expecting the maker keeps its integrity. it does help with a variety of health issues, with reliability. i highly recommend this product. the reason for the only four stars is because the seller has increased considerably the price of it. i will be searching for other options, although i trust this specific brand. i appreciate the seller's delivery, also.
this scarf is just beautiful and it is lightweight which makes it perfect for spring and summer.  the quality is also very good.
problem with this belt is, you warm up the packet and it can get lava hot. but, you cannot feel it through the too thick super synthetic material of the pouch. so once the super hot gel pack is inserted into the pouch, you barely feel it. i was looking for one with cotton pouch and clay beads, but they were too , had bad ratings. this would be great if the pouch was different to transfer the heat from the gel pouch. plus, after a few times in the microwave, the gel seems to be burning through the lining of the gel pack. so it might not have great longevity, as well.
great purchase.
got the layers of grease off the cabinets from the place i rent. could not stop touching the cabinets because they felt like new! careful though, on certain surfaces it can abrasive.
i am buying another one because this was very needed! i can actually walk around the house without my knee brace, given by the hospital, at home! it is also added support with my knee brace.one huge mistake was washing it. do they expect it to never be washed???so, ordering a new one. and this time reading washing instructions or washing by hand next time.
lovely scent. soft, silky, powder. terrific quality, as avon products always seem to have.
a positive difference noticed within the first day of use.
these are excellent towels for certain cleaning tasks. they are thin, but absorb quickly and hold a decent amount of water. they can be rinsed, laid flat to dry, and reused several times, making them go a lot further than a roll of conventional paper towels.they are ideal for certain cleaning tasks, especially windows, glass, smooth tile and other types of smooth surfaces. they are not, however, all that good for scrubbing or use over a rough surface. they can be used for that, but the roughness will shred the towel making it only good for one use. if used on smooth surfaces, they can be rinsed and reused multiple times.for me, these are ideal for washing windows. i use a few sheets of these towels with cleaning liquid to get the dirt off the window, then use a single microfiber cloth for a final dry and polish. the used towels are rinsed and set aside to dry for the next task. i can usually get 4 or 5 uses out of a single towel before it starts to shred up.my only quibble is that i do not care for the graphics printed on the towels. they are not bad looking, just unnecessary. other than that, no complaints. they work well, last a good amount of time, eliminate the waste of using onetime use paper towels, and are a good value compared to other similar towels as well compared with  conventional paper towels since one of these towels can take the place of many onetime use paper towels.
barley any power... did not last long
we grilled the 12 lb burgers we got from the treasure truck and they were amazing! everyone loved them. we just got the hot dogs and sausages today and i have heard good things about those, too. cannot wait!
definitely can tell a difference in pump when using this product versus not. some over stimulated after if you take it to late.
i really like these.  in just a day you notice a change in your appetite.  but you do not get that caffeine high like some other products.  my energy level has also pickedup.  great product.
we use cotton ball for different things around the house we like our crafts and beauty supplies so it is good to have some on hand. these are pretty much what you would expect of cotton balls only they are a bit more smaller but slightly more dense and a bit more expensive currently 4.99
does not seem to be catching enough hair or fur!
this is a pretty and functional dowsing board a circle of lightweight wood it features attractive center illustrations and large, readable responses. the back is plain and there is no carrying case, bag or box. it is nice and functional  it also comes with a complimentary ankh pendant, vintage style postcard and little thank you banner.
little to no force required, durable, file on the handle is a nice touch!
these do not appear to be real jade but for the price, they work as i anticipated. soothing and comforting, moves lymph and gives a temporary plumping appearance, like one would get after a facial or massage.
i usually use ayer gel nadal spray when i travel on planes.  it is the best way to fight getting sick from traveling.  keeping your nostrils moist and breathing through your nose is the key to fighting airborne germs.  i used this nasal spray on my roundtrip flight to canada.  this spray works well but i had to keep reapplying it.  the ayer gel spray seems to coat my nostrils better but this spray works well for daily usage.  i will continue using the thicker gel nadal spray on planes but i well use this at work and home because it does moisturize my nasal passages when my nose does not completely dry out which happens on flights.
i added this to my smoothie, its got a great, definitely, i definitely recommended this to everyone who wanted to live a healthy and happy life style plus super fast shipping. great seller.
i really enjoy this scale even though it does lie lol
works good not to strong but strong enough
do not know yet just got it.
really great but the sand timer takes a long time to go down, like 3 minutes.
i had never used a pumice stone before, so the fault is mine. i should have ordered a finer grain stone. on this one the little holes are so big they are not gentle to my feet.  however the item arrived on time and as described.
i love these.  i worry a lot about traditional sponges and germs and saw these and thought why not try them. they are amazing and so easy to disinfect. my favorite feature is that one has a built in scraper which is perfect for my stoneware cookware. the little hooks are a nice added touch. i gave one to my mom and she is hooked!
i do not recall having any nose plugs as a child, but i guess they would have been made out of dinosaur parts if we did.  the kids love them, so that is all that counts.
i am no longer working i.n hospital but i use in a free clinic  for humans and animals
so far they seem to do the trick. my daughters gaite is offand she has flat feet non verbal, autistic her doc suggested inserts and i bought these. she is doing so well she even attempts to run now. i will probably need to buy a few more.
lovely one.  convenient, comfortable and easy to use. love it.
barley max has a pretty good taste but when they added the mint i could not hardly drink it.  it has a sweet taste.  it just does not work.  i will continue to get barley max without the additional ingredients.i will say that this is an excellent product for adding greens to the diet.
this is my fifth pair of lollop compression socks. however, two of the pairs are a smallmedium size and three are medium large. this is a mediumlarge and runs a bit big.i take a size 9 to 9.5 in a woman's shoe and 7.5 to 8 in a man's boot. i ordered these in a medium  large size which is supposed to be for that size foot. however, they are way too big in the foot area as the heel comes halfway up my ankle. they do fit around the calves nicely, however.i love that they offer medium compression 1520 mmhg around my calves and some compression on the soles of the feet and arches. i felt comfortable in them all day without feeling like the life was being squeezed out of my legs. i also like the "normal sock" look of these kneehighs and they wash well in the washer but i lay them flat to dry. the blue hearts are very attractive even though the offwhite is a bit dingy looking. i consider these socks very stylish. the material is 45 cotton, 40 nylon, and 15 spandex.if the sizing was specified correctly, this would have gotten 5 stars.
my daughter likes to wear stylish sneakers that do not have a lot of arch support. she recently came home from college for a visit and only brought the shoes she wore with her which happened to be a pair of these shoes. she was using our home elliptical machine and complained afterwards because the shoes were not very supportive. i ordered these for her to see if they would help. these inserts are customizable. they can be trimmed for fit and then there are little pieces that you can add under the arch area in case you need to increase the arch support. she says that they do improve the arch support, but she would prefer one with extra cushion support in the heel and other areas, too. overall, she does like these and is much happier with her shoes since she is added these.
almost the same, but perhaps not quite as thick, as standard dishwashing gloves you might get from the grocery store.  and maybe not quite as long in the sleeves as some others, either.  regardless, they have plenty of great uses around house house, including working on the car.  anything to cut down on the cleanup time.
great quality and really does the job on my car carpet. bought a second one for my truck and keeps the run looking great!who does a review on a brush but so cool, i had to take a minute.
i have not been using this long, so far just once a day. i am a little confused on dosing. there is not any information regarding it on packaging other than add 1 scoop to your juice, smoothy or whatever. it says each scoop contains 3 grams of garcinia cambogia extract powder. is that just weight, or is that the actual amount. because.. that is 3000 mg of this extract otherwise which is higher than some other similar products out there. maybe the serving size just happens to be larger where as the others are smaller with expectation to use it 23 times a day. this lack of clear info is frustrating. hopefully other reviewers can comment on that.as for how it works. well, i am not exactly sure what i am looking for it to do and how to measure my experience. i know it has been an ingredient used in weight loss formulations, and i sure could stand to lose several pounds, but i am not sure about that for reviewing easily. reading through some potential benefits like better digestion, better concentration, reduced food cravings, loss of appetite, reduced joint pain, improved cholesterol levels,  better mood, etc.. i figure the one i can measure best is the food cravings. i know what my habits are, and i will know if my desire for sugary foods reduces. so if i notice a reduction, then i can attribute it to this. so far, not feeling that, but it is early on and i have taken but one serving a day. i will give it a little more time and report back. your desires for taking this as a supplement may vary from my own. there is no shortage of info on what this fruit is or its purported benefits are, as well as risks such as do not take if have dementia or alzheimer's  so please read up. i know i am still learning.actual product so i will tell you more about the product itself. it is an 8 ounce bag of  garcinia cambogia extract powder. it is a resealable mylar bag with a front window so you can see how much is in there. it comes with a small scoop, which is one serving. in my pic it shows the little scoop and the amount dumped into my hand. there are 76 servings in a container. if you plan to use it in liquid, plan to use a shaker cup or your blender. just stirring it in will not work. i included a pic and you can see all the powder just sitting on top. strangely, my spoon stayed dry. so that is when i got out the shaker cup and all blended fine with that.the taste is absent to me. not sure if it supposed to have a noticeable flavor or not. the fruit is tart and i had not noticed a tart flavor with this. maybe my taste buds are off. seems that it will go well with yogurt, oatmeal, blended into smoothies, added to soups, broths, baked goods. i have been just consuming it with plain water or some organic lemonade in a shaker cup because like i said, it does not mix by just stirring. the powder is fine, and not at all gritty. i will likely add it into my next smoothy. i have not tried it blended in with coffee next time i will do that. i imagine if you like to fill your own capsules that this powder could work for that, but i do not know for sure.everything about it seems fresh and of quality. i received it in 92019 and it has an expiration date of 32020; 6 months from now.  if i figure out anything else, i will be back to update. 3 stars because i need more time with product. also i have no idea what the price is, and lack of info is concerning.
got for my dil and she loved it!!
i have short, curly, thick hair this brush works perfectly to help keep it under control. love it
very easy to use and shipped really quickly!  we have only had them for a few days, but they work perfectly.
i have not used these yet but they seem good, heavy quality at a great price
how hard is it to create a scent that smells like the label and does not make your eyes water,  nose burn and coat your throat like vapors from a tire fire?  i have been very discouraged by all the glade refills i have tried. harsh, unpleasant and only a passing resemblance to the claims on the label.
started having frequent nosebleeds and i keep one in my car, in my purse by the bed! hospital charged my dad 79 for one of these so this is a deal!
this has really helped my success with thm so far. knowing that i can make a dessert that is safe and yummy saves my sanity.
this is my third main warmer. i love it and its worth the money.
there are four colorful compression socks in this package. i wear a 910 shoe so i selected the largexlarge size. a compression rating of 2030mmhg is supposed to be firm and strong; however, the compression is very light. also, the toe box feels as if it is sewn awkwardly on the sock. it is not uncomfortable, but has to be adjusted just so to feel best.i wore these all day and they look and feel great. these colors are fun and the socks feel almost like regular kneehighs.  overall i do like them but i took off one star for not feeling like a compression rating of 2030mmhg and another star for the weird toe box.
i bought this  20 years ago not from amazon and its still going strong!  i have thin, wispy hair and this keeps it all up in a bun very nicely and for hours.recommend this.
i love how great it cleans and how wonderful it smells
we used it a few times and it just stopped working
it actually works, it is not a quick relief but it takes the headache away. it does not feel greasy or sticky.
great buy! perfect size for a variety of uses. the included earplugs are nice too
bought this when i was a little strapped for cash and needed wick for my attys. this works extremely well. no wicking time, very soft, very workable and it is economically sound. i love my cotton bacon and torii wicks, but i definitely will stock up on these and keep them in my supply.
love this for tender aching feet. big enough not to spill over
great alternative soap.
simple, natural, and organic ingredients. the flavor is good; they taste like other honey lemon lozenges i have tried before. they even have silver with helps fight off infections. definitely handy to have and work well for fighting off sickness.
ok for a temporary fix.  buy a new chair.  better yet, make your company buy one.  osha
i love the size. i love this product and i would purchase it again.
i diet and walk for 30 minutes a day 5days a week. it is not a miracle pill. but if you change your eating habits and get a little active it will work over time.
have to nail on and remove old heel taps, mehhhhh
i have a model 454 that must be at least 30 years old, and it keeps on going.  i have tried electric white noise makers over the years, but they just are not the same.  cannot really explain why, they just are not.  when mine finally conks out, i am definitely going to get another one!  i live in a noisy area, a bad one too with gunshots, loud cars, noisy neighbors and the like, and this unit does an amazing job keeping the noises down.just did a google search for the model 454, i got this..."it is billed as, "sleepmate" by marpac of wilmington, n.c.. it is model number 454.this item is circa the 1960's. "1960's!!!  wow, guess it is lasted longer than i thought!
there is hate but this is like the classic mac and cheese but i liked it more. just your basic tasting noodles and fake cheese powder. give it a try.
i threw these away almost as soon as i opened them up.  way too short!  didn'tt fit at all.
its very difficult to rate any vitamin tablet unless its toxic. i have taken these for three days now and nothing has happened to me. i can only assume that they are valid vitamin d3 and generally are good for aiding in the absorption of calcium and may be helpful in the prevention of osteoporosis and osteomalacia. as we get older, this vitamin is vital for keeping our bones strong so that if and when we fall, our bones will not break or not break as badly were we not taking vitamin d3.i have a history of falling and in fact have fallen many times because of a balance issue. i have been taking vitamin d3 for 10 years and have yet to break any bones. a bone density test revealed that i have excellent bone density for  a man of my age.i find taking vitamin d3 very good for me and my pcp is adamant that i take d3 every day.
felt great on scalp! would definitely recommend
have you ever been in a public restroom where they have run out of soap?  for some of us this is a nightmare, and this little  item is an answer to our prayers!  they are very convenient to have in your purse and one sheet is all it takes to get your hands nice and clean.
i ordered this for my furbaby, as water through a dropper, is the only way he will drink water. droppers alone,  are really hard to find in stores around here. usually the dispenser for giving meds to kids is included in package and the price is higher than here at amazon. so far it serves the purpose  for which i purchased it. also i found a small brush that fits into the dropper for thorough cleaning. well worth the purchase.
it will take me forever to use all of these tags. but they are gorgeous. exactly what i was looking for.
very nice dispenser and i keep it in my kitchen because it is a much more economical way to keep and use paper towels .
pros1. vegan, with no gelatin.2. tastes good, fresh and chewy.3. moderate price range.4. no iron.5. contains iodine, which is important for thyroid health.cons1. this is a basic, gummy, adult multivitamin. you can obtain a very similar, generic version through your local big box store for about onethird the price of this product.
i usually check my blood pressure whenever i am at a pharmacy or location with the little sit down booth. i got this so i could monitor my bp at home to get an idea of my readings to keep better track. it is easy to use, fits my 34;larger34; arm with no issues. it has really great memory settings for 2 people. very comfortable and my readings are very consistent.
love the bottles and the color is gorgeous
nice quality and quite sturdy. will see how will hold over time and under shower conditions
ssooooo uncomfortable!  the thick velcro straps double back under your armpit and it is like having 2 belts wrapped up under your arms, miserable, i could not wear it 10 minutes.
happy with how affordable this is and that its wireless
extremely uncomfortable. i am a bigger woman with broad shoulders. but i am not that big. this is ridiculously tiny. it cut off circulation to my arms and it pulled the velcro loose because it ended up in the back. i bought another cheaper one and it fit comfortably with the right size adjustments being available. this is for very skinny or very small people.
i am always looking for inserts with good arch support to help alleviate pain from plantar fasciitis. usually i am disappointed in the orthotics on the market. however, this insert is wonderful. it has the right balance of firmness and pliability which makes it feel cushiony without being overly soft or overly hard. it also has a high arch that is very supportive for someone like me who has plantar fasciitis.i take at 9 to 9.5 in shoes and sometimes a 10 depending on the cut. therefore, i ordered this in that woman's size. i use these in my bootlike slippers and i feel like i am walking on air.the current price of 17.84 20.99 minus 15 is competitively priced for an arch support of this quality and support. they are thick, comfortable, and perfect for me. i absolutely adore these.
this will pick up a small amount of dirt from a smooth surface. compared to a regular vac this is not even in the same game and fails miserably in comparison. it is helpful in certain occasions such as when petting your pet and some hair get dropped on the rug and you do not feel like getting out your regular vac.
great bib for a messy eater!
i was told that by adding this supplement to my regular regime it would help me with a better absorption of vitamins. not sure if that is true or not as i did not notice a difference at all.
just what i was looking for to take grout haze off of stone tiles.  would have taken me days to do it by hand instead of hours with these.
no more baggy in your pocket, love that they stack easily for space saving, open easy and nice pictures on them.
i purchased these to clean black marks off a brand new kitchen counter at my office. the counter became scratched up from tin foil catering trays and general use and regular soap was not doing the job. with a little arm power, i was able to get off most of the black marks using the magic eraser
this thing saves a bunch of time and mess. and they know it because they charge a premium . its probably 30cents of plastic. you could easily make at home if you had the right toolsskills. also had to drill the hole out because its extremely difficult to push caulking out as is. but it did make the job way easier. just wish i did not have to send them an arm and a leg for their price gouging.
not good at all
i bought these for my sister who is a practicing wiccan.  she likes to use crystals in her craft, but i thought these would be good for spell jars.  they are presorted into little glass bottles so you do not have to pick through the lot to get to what you need.  the jars are labeled and have a cute little cork as a stopper.  the gems themselves are small enough chips for even tiny spell jars.  they are polished so you do not have to worry about  sharp edges.
i like this using this organic peppermint and camphor lotion to massage my shoulders and back! this is my first time trying this product and i am surprised and satisfied.
this has a 5 concentration of potassium nitrate, which is the ingredient used in all sensitive toothpastes to cut down or, in my case, eliminate sensitive teeth issues. as such, it works the same as other sensitive toothpastes.it does differ from others with regard to taste and consistency. it has a mild minty taste that, while acceptable, is not all that fresh tasting. the consistency is a bit softer than other toothpastes and it does not foam up as much. while that is usually a plus, good foaming action is a benefit when it comes to sensitive toothpastes since it helps the potassium nitrate get into all the nooks and crannies. my favorite sensitive toothpaste is the colgate foaming action one. it has the same 5 potassium nitrate as this, but the foaming action does make a difference.while the tube looks big, there is not a lot of product. it is only filled about 12 of the way and, while it looks like a standard size tube, it only provides 3.5 oz of toothpaste. it is also hard to get all of it out of the tube since the tube is plastic and does not roll up. it dispenses fine when mostly full, but is not great at dispensing when the level gets low.while this does work, the negatives put my score at 3 stars average. not a compelling purchase compared with other options.
have not really noticed a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. i have been using it once a day. it is a very fine powder.
vitamin d3 is one of several supplements which if i take in pill or table form upsets my stomach, so as with those other supplements am happy to try this d3 in gummy form.  these gummies are really good!  their fruity flavor tastes great, they dissolve easily, do not upset my stomach, and are a good dosage.  2 gummies  2000 iu.  priced reasonably and made with citrus fruit pectin, this one is worth adding to my daily health regime.
this is great maca!  super digestion as it is gelatinized and i noticed significant improvements in hormonal values and energy within a couple of days.  i have also added this to my wife's smoothie protocol as well and her fibromyalgia has significantly reduced.  quite accidentally, i ended up leaving the stuff behind when taking a trip and within a couple of days all of the effects started to disappear.  got right back on it when i got home.on the flip side, i purchased this stuff at 21  just 3 months ago and now its over 31.  not happy about that.  however, i do note that they give you discounts on shipping if you order more than one, so there is that.
we do a lot of day trips. with a little one that spits up quite a bit, its great to have a small portable stain fighting spray for those not so small stains you do not want to set in! no more worry about stained clothes because you could not wash it right away! travel stain fighter ftw!
great price, taste good and good packaging! can not speak on benefits, just received! but i have been talking pollen for a while and its good stuff.
these kairne reusable cotton rounds are great for removing makeup. i have used them twice and they are easy to use. i have not used the enclosed bag to wash them yet.the rounds come in an adorable container for storing your pads. the container comes with two tops one is sort of like a stopper and the other covers it. the pads could be used with a cleanser to wash your face also. i just toss the used pads in the enclosed laundry bag for washing later.i will be recommending these kairne reusable cotton rounds to family and friends.
i gave this nac 5 stars because its easy to swallow, it does not upset my stomach and its the 1st nac i have taken that does not smell like stinky rotten eggs upon opening the bottle every day. there still is a subtle smell but totally bearable.
i was informed that dgl licorice would be helpful for acid reflux.  it did not work for me.
good product
at some points i enjoyed this but using it as hoped to sit behind my head while i am driving or safely parked during lunch. the strap did not hold up the unit in place like o wanted to and this soon dropped too low to stay up from the elastic band wearing down too fast and not way to tighten it down
great way to be safe while still enjoying a night out.this breath alcohol tester is a highly portable breathalyzer that you can take easily take it wherever you want. keep one in your purse or jacket and you can test yourself or others before driving. or, keep one in your car glovebox !the tester features an awesome lcd display where you can read the values of the test result quickly and accurately. very useful this time of year. gives you the peace of mind about whether or not you should be driving. uses standard aaa batteries.proslight and easy to carry aroundhas accurate resultsgood for selfchecking and analysishighly sensitive and pretty good qualityconsi have none at this time, but i am sure there are more expensive or better ones out there with more bells  whistles.
another great deal from bs. great glucosamine powder, great price!
i have to take gummy supplements due to pills irritating my stomach. these taste like prunes, smell like sweet mushrooms so the flavor is offputting but not bad.
ordered on thursday received this morning. screwed right on! perfect fit. very soft love it!
only one thought  not enough variation on design colors, used as decorator items.  great product none better.
every beard is different and i wish i had one like chris stapleton but unfortunately i do not. i like the groomed and tailored beard set but my beard is not quite there yet. i love the quality of the items and especially like the scissors. the three tools come in a cloth bag.
this is a great cleaner for getting stickers and what not off of flat or slightly curved surfaces.  the included razor scraper makes very quick work or any stubborn stickers.  we used it to remove registration stickers in the cars, and to remove some old vinyl clings from some windows.  scraper holds the blades firmly and prevents slips and accidental cuts.
it does not not blink in any way that is described in the listing. absolute waste of money.
ginseng has delivered several beneficial results. morning sickness? pickled ginseng from the grocery refrigerated section and supplements keep it at bay. monotonous low energy? ginseng.ginsenosides are a natural steroid group exclusive to the panax genus of ginseng. it acts as an antiinflammatory. 23 concentrations are natural in panax. 10 would be a 3x concentration.always reliable. nice value. seems like a quality source.
i have been using this for a hot minute. 1 tablespoon on an empty stomach will get your there quick. remember that kava is fat soluble so take it with almond or coconut milk. not a bad bang for your buck.
the smell does not last for more than 30 minutes.i bought it for my new zealand wool dryer balls.i think it is rather expensive for its poor quality.but the smell is nice.
make sure you want this as it is not returnable even though it says it is when you order it
works great next to our kitty litter box! quiet and efficient. highly recommend!
if you want something healthy this is it..i use the super chlorella powder when i make a smoothy in my vitamix.the taste of chlorella is not the best to just drink it alone. i add organic frozen cherrys, part of a apple, carrot, celery, bananaeven cabbage, and ice.i am not a coffee drinker, but this drink gets me going in the morning, or a fast drink during the day.i really cannot find anything i do not like about this chlorella powder..its organic, high in a b12,  cracked cellseasier to absorb,no wheatno gluten.
i have been wanting to check my ph levels as i have been having stomach issues, so when this item was made available to me for a reduced price for my honest opinion and review, i jumped on it.  the first day i tested my saliva along with my urine and both tested the same, around 5.5 which means my system is acidic. a range of ph 6.57.5 is perfect.  ph below 6.5 is to acidic and a level above 7.5 is to alkaline.. the ph of a person is very informative as to what is going on inside your body. if your ph is to acidic you can experience fatigue, headaches, and many other symptoms.  if you system is to alkaline, that can cause joint pain, nerve pain, insomnia and other issues.  by daily monitoring your ph levels you can get your range in the perfect spot by adjusting your diet.  i just checked  my levels for today and i am now in that sweet spot.  these test strips work great, they come with a ph chart on the label and a printed copy with directions. this is fast and easy to use,you get results in 15 seconds, this bottle contains 200 strips.  thank you to healthy wiser for allowing me to try their product!
this disney bag is soooo cute.
my lips have never been in such a good condition. no more lines and peeling. i just cannot say enough about this product. it is like silk on your lips! but, most of all it works!!!!
i have been looking for an organic dandelion and milk thistle supplement and there were no many choices that have both in them. i am sensitive  to alot of things whether it be supplements or food. i have not had any adverse reactions to these but i do not take take them everyday. i have a peace of mind to know i am taking a supplement without some type of pesticide or chemical used.
this is the worst tooth floss i have ever used.  you will be able to clean between two teeth before it breaks ........even if you double it up it still breaks. very very thin.  it would be good for hanging christmas decorations.  it would be impossible to floss your whole mouth with one strand without it breaking.
impressed that it actually works and relieves my pain.
i use this to make a muesli for breakfast. i like that it is organic.
the plastic seal was broken. also, the twist seal on the lid was damaged not on the grooves of the bottle completely, so when i twisted to open it the entire thing came off. this seems to be what caused the oil to leak out in the packaging, about 15 of the bottle. it smelled strongly of lime when i opened the box, so i knew immediately it had leaked. regarding the scent, it is refreshing and a pleasant lime smell. i would have given this 5 stars if it would not have leaked.
bought these for my son who loves them.
best powder ever!  no longer getting a rash under my chest.  will always purchase and use especially in hot weather.
this has everything and is very organized.the antibiotic oinment is neomycinthe non asprin is tylenolthe anti bacterial wipes are benzalkonium chloridethis zips up easily and keeps everything organized in its sections. it has everything you could need. i highly recommend this kit to have on hand and one for traveling. alcohol prep pads antiseptic towlettes instant cold compress tweezers safety pins antibiotic ointment burn cream ointment nonaspirin tabletsaspirin tablets sting relief pads cotton tip applicators finger splints first aid instructions adhesive bandages 1in x 3in adhesive bandages 38 in x 1.5 in adhesive bandages 34 in x 3 in butterfly closures paper tape roll 1.5 in x 2.5 yds sterile gauze pads 2 in x 2 in sterile gauze pads 4 in x 4 in sterile trauma pads 5 in x 9 in examination glovesi received this product at a discount in exchange for feedback and an honest review
my son is a doodler and this was perfect for him.
i was not sure what to expect with this as i usually take pills for my b12.  the taste is good.  my only real complaint is a dropperful is supposed to be 1ml, but i have yet to be able to get the full 1ml in the dropper.  the most i can get it to go is to .75ml.
it is fine, closes securely and does not pop open like i feared and i leave it in my bag while i haul it all over campus, books and laptop hitting it.i initially worried about the pills mixing into each other because it does not look like the divider reaches to top of the case, but it was not a problem for me. i have fairly small pills but if yours are particularly small i would do a shake test on it.unintuitive to clean, it is hard to get into all the corners, but that is inherent in this type of case. i just did not think about that before i bought it.black case is not fully opaque like you would think it would be, and the  sign is mostly transparent. if you want to hide the contents, not the case for you.
after not finding a cure for waking up every night at 3am not 259, or 301 and finding that ambien was actually not suited for me i sought the help of an alternative medical doctor has all the sheepskin of an official practitioner but leans heavily on homeopathic and 'new age' medicine i highly recommend this type of medicine esp if you are menopausal and your doc wants to prescribe synthetic medshe told me to google the chinese medicine wheel and at or around 3am i would find whatmy ailment was.  it was an issue with my liver.  he had me use hepa trope, take one twice a day.  after 2 days of hepa trope i slept through the night.  no ambien hangover or eyes popping open at 3am.  i am on my 2nd bottle and still take it almost everyday.he sells this in his office, but he is 45 minutes from me, plus the amazon price is a bit friendlier and arrives in a couple of days.
i use 6 diffusers, throughout, our home, daily, and i spend a small fortune on essential oils. i have used the same company for years and i never thought i could be swayed to like oils from any other company until i tried the oils in salty essential oils. i tried the lemon in my hall bathroom because it was a smaller space and i wanted to see if i could smell the oil  it was fantastic!! i tried this same experiment with the frankincense and bergamot. fabulous!! the scents last after the diffuser has run out. as i write this, i have been enjoying orange in my living room. i love that each oil has an explanation of what it can be used for...example, sleep, headache, etc. what an unexpected pleasure this product has brought to me. i am so glad i ordered it!!
arrived on time. easy to use. accurate. a great product. i am ordering these again.
is what was suspected
this works incredibly well for smelly shoes if you follow the directions. i washed my boots and they started smelling a couple days later so i tried this for several days and it worked!  i was skeptical because this is not a chemical product but it works really really well  and smells great.  i also love that it does not leave any powder residue in the shoes like other products on the market
comfortable, easy to use, provides support
it does what is suppose to.
i like that i can wear this tens unit even when i am out shopping.  the main machine fits in my pocket easily.setting it up is easy.  just need to take the time to find the best mode and intensity to suit your needs.some areas i can do stronger intensity while other areas a lighter tough is needed.this has so many modes to choose from.  i, personally, love the deep tissue.  works great and feels so good on my back when i pull a certain muscle.gives enough pads to last awhile.one of the better tens unit i have tried.
works amazing on my pandora jewelry but the cleaner does smell like eggs. as long as you rinse off the jewelry after using the cleaner, the smell goes away and they look amazing
did nothing ....
my favorite thing about this is the button that you push to pop open the lid.  it is well made so should be durable.
highly recommended!
overall i am impressed with the effectiveness of these s they are intended. silky waterproof like material on one side, and soft fleecy material on the other. they are meant for "low flow" which i am really only most comfortable with using it for very light days, so please keep that in mind. i always wear a liner for various reasons. i am using these for that purpose. they do not leak, there is no odor that i have notices, and the material is so soft and comfortable. my lady bits like the fleecy feel. when done i toss it in the wash or hand wash depending on what i feel like.while the liners stayed put in a manner that kept me covered,  do notice some shifting. i am larger in size, so underwear is larger.. and it seems that these were quite loose. i think a second button snap right along the first to make more narrow, andor a second set to also help keep it in place. right now it is one snap, loose fit. it may not be limited to these, this may be the norm? this is my first experience with reusable cloths. i really like the idea, and while i am not ready to fully swap out, i can comfortable using these in place of my daily liner. or paired with a resuable menstrual cup. but for flow? i am not there yet in terms of confidence.
overall, this is a pretty decent mop and bucket set.  the mop is excellent. the pole is metal, and the sections thread together well. the threaded portion is recessed into each section, making for a very durable, solid connection that will not come apart or loosen when using the mop. the mop head is not threaded, but it has a good quality snap button attachment.  the only moprelated complaint i have is that the point of attachment between the pole and the mop head is plastic. it is a decent quality, thick plastic, but metal would have been nice since that is a strain point on the mop.the mop head covers are of good quality, and attach well with velcro to the mop head. two pads are provided in the set. while they can be machine washed, it is better to hand wash them and let them air dry while laid flat. it reduces the wear and tear that the pads get in a washing machine.the bucket design could have been better. it is smaller than another similar product that i have which is actually a positive, since it weighs less when full of water. however, it lacks some key convenience features, such as a popopen drain at the base. it is also not possible to remove the top to clean out the bucket well after use. the overall build quality of the bucket is somewhat lightweight, especially the handle. it lacks the heft and durability of other similar products.while the bucket issues brings my score to 4 stars, this is still a very good performing set. it is easy to get the mop head into the bucket since the mop head has a spring that allows it to automatically fold vertically so it can be inserted into the bucket. the "squeegee" on the dry side does a good job of wringing out the water. the ability to have a wet and a dry side to the bucket makes mopping quicker, easier, and results in a better job.not perfect, but a decent value for the price.
holds a lot of stuff in our small rv very well made too!!! only thing is our headrest is one piece and it is a tight connect.
these are not returnable so think carefully before you choose to buy them. i bought them to replace an old ace bandage but they are so short, slippery, and weak   i went back to using the old ace bandage.  i think i will donate these and then go buy another bandage.  waste of time and money
i ordered this by mail when i was away from home to be sure it would be waiting for me when i returned.  these vitamins are recommended by health care professionals for women.
posture corrector for men and women, adjustable upper back brace with clavicle support,pain relief from neck and shoulder,breathable body straightener fda approveda little bit difficult to get on at first but it is effective and it does work!
wore this on flights in january when flu season was rampant. finally stayed well no flu or uri. first time flying without getting sick in three years
when toilet paper became so scarce at the beginning of the pandemic, i ordered a bidet sprayer httpswww.amazon.comgpproductb01e4h7dta to cut down on tp use. then all i had to worry about was using just enough tp to dry off. then i got these washable bamboo makeup removers that fit nicely in a little ceramic pot on the back of my toilet, and they work great for drying off. not only that, when used with a lowsudsing feminine wash, i can wash my private parts as needed and cut down on how often i waste water bathing.for someone who is retired with little activity and very dry skin, there really is no need to bathe more than once a week as long as the privates are washed daily. i like that i can do this while sitting on the toilet and not risk a fall i have osteoporosis getting in and out of the tub. besides, i hear a number of celebrities are now advocating not bathing very frequently, so i must be cool!i got two packs of 16 makeup removers each, and each pack comes with a nice mesh bag for washing the rounds in the washing machine. so i keep a bag beside the toilet to hold the ones i have used, and when the clean ones are all gone, i just start on the second pack while the other is in the wash. the little bit of soap left on each used round prevents it from getting groady until wash time.i am very, very pleased with this product, and i would give it an extra star if i could for the washing bag.
we do not use anything else. nothing compares. love it, just a bit more expensive but worth it. hair does not get sticky. goes on light.  i do wish there was no odor. daughter freaks out about breathing it in. tell her it is good stuff but she does not like it, so sometimes i am chasing that head around.
i am an adult and i use baby lotion as recommended by my doctor for myself because of how incredibly sensitive and incredibly dry my skin is. in my quest to find a lotion that does not make my skin hurt.... this almost worked? my skin reacted to it minimally but this stuff is not hydrating at all! when you put it on, it feels pretty good! but a halfhour later my skin feels just as dry as before! i do however use the sweet apple body wash and that has been a gamechanger! best body wash i have ever used! but the lotion is a miss for me
motif medical motif twistthe twist is a small, lightweight very portable breast pump. it comes with a 24mm one piece breast flange with a comfort cushion. it can be battery operated with four aa batteries. it is rather cute in appearance to me and it comes with a one year warranty. replacement parts can be hard to get if one is attempting to order direct however aeroflowbreastpumps.com carries motif medical replacement parts. the pump comes with no accessories. if you need a tote and cooler you will have to purchase your own. warranty on the pump is one year from date of purchase or received through insurance.what is included... 4 valves and membranes, 2 wide neck bottles ml volume only with nipples and hard plastic sealing disc 2 one piece flanges with comfort cushions  caps flanges included is the standard 24mm only 1 ac power adapter 2 sets of tubingpros... twist is a closed pump, meaning there is a barrier usually a diaphragm that prevents milk and condensation from entering the tubing small and lightweight which makes for high portability. its far lighter than my avent double electric comfort pump and that too is far lighter than other double electric pumps. parts is interchangeable with the motif curve flanges is rather light in comparison to other full one piece bodies comfort cushion makes for one of the most comfortable pumping experiences twist has two phase expression. when the pump is turned on it starts in the letdown phase where it replicates the faster suckling a baby would do to get milk flowing. turning the dial up enters the expression phase. when expressing i noted that higher suction has a longer pull on the nipple. with some hacks flangesflange bodies can be used from other closed pumps other bottles than can be pumped into is avent classicnatural and dr. browns wide neck bottle this is only if using motif flanges twist is a double electric pump allowing mom to express from both breast at the same timecons... pump is loud. its comparable to avent double electric comfort pump in terms of loudness. motif only carries a 24mm flange and a 28mm flange. parts is hard to get. at this time what i noted is only aeroflowbreastpumps.com carrying all of motif replacement parts. one must use motif brand valves and membranes or duckbill valves. the flange opening where the valve would go is far smaller than medela so trying to use medela valvemembranes or third party ones from nene supplymayomom will not work with the motif twist flanges. tubing is double ended which forces a lactating mom to use motif parts.  i did a hack and cut one of the ends off allowing for me to use flangeflange bodies from other companies. i also noted that the tubing is rather soft and has some stretch to it, allowing for me to remove the excess plastic from the end for use with spectra tubing. thus far i was able to use my avent comfort flanges and my medela personal fit connectors with pumpinpals flanges with the motif twist. 60; most commercial, single user breast pumps use vacuum technology so flanges can be used interchangeably between brands.62;  this is a personal con which may not be across the board for all moms. vaccum sucks the nipple and areola in well and creates good suction. i noted this phenomenon between three different company flanges where removing the flange from the breast is a bit of a task and has sort of a pop like noise from the release. i do not have this feeling when using electric breast pumps from other companies. motif medical only has monday through friday customer service from 8am5pm est.update 172018i called motifs customer service asking about replacement parts and a larger flange size. please understand that cutting the tubing to use different company flanges can and will void out your warranty. parts is covered for 3m and motor is one year according to the warranty. i was informed that a 32mm flange is in the works and should be available soon this year. i was sent two 28mm flanges and extra valvemembranes. although i have been using size 30mm flanges for most of my pumping career, i recently changed out to size 28mm to note that i am able to express well with the size. 30mm may be more comfortable for me to use with no chances of my nipple hitting the back of the flanges.motif has an interesting flange for size 28mm. the body and flange is separate from each other. the diaphragms, i noted is bigger than what is included with the 24mm flange. its a small pot and is far deeper than the 24mm ones. 24mm flange has a shallow pot diaphragm.  the flange is also shaped like a pot. it covers all of my areola and is quite comfortable. its far more comfortable than medela in my opinion. i also decided to change valves from the two piece valvemembrane thing most companies put out. i switched to a third party duckbill valve from nenesupply also sold on amazon and noted that it fits onto the flanges and work well. the valvemembrane combination does not offer good suction thus i need a higher vacuum to express with. maymom another third party after market retailer also sold on amazon carries a thread changer which also works well with motif flanges. with the thread changer i was able to express into medela and ameda narrow neck bottles just fine. the thread changer only works properly with duckbill valves that are not avent.  avent style valves one cannot express with using the thread.  thread also works well with the two piece valvemembrane combination.overall, i would recommend the twist. its a high quality pump and i personally respond to it well. flanges are quite comfortable to use and the pump is extremely light weight. the pump is rather loud but its no louder than other pumps close to its size. replacement parts may be hard to obtain but aeroflow carries them as well as a call to customer service one can get them. third party duckbill valves work with motif flanges and the 28mm flanges is easy to clean.update 372018i recently went looking for replacement parts only to note that 1. motif updated their website to include a parts store 2. the 28mm flange was updated. 32 is still not available, neither is a full flange size 21mm or 19mm. currently the insert for the 24mm flange reduces the flange down to a 21mm. there is an insert for the 28mm flange however i was informed via customer service that it is only for added comfort and it does not change the flange size.the 28mm flange is now a single, one piece body, with a shallow pot diaphragm. it was changed as i was told the old version was more expensive to produce than the current model. the new 28mm flange has a very similar appearance to the 24mm flange included with the pump. i have yet to receive and use the new model but i shall soon and update this review again.update 3272018i recently called motif customer service. as my pump is still under warranty for parts i inquired about the 28mm flanges. i was sent another set of flanges though with shipping one of my flanges arrived broken.  it is no big deal as the original set i was sent is still functioning just fine. motif has not changed their 28mm flanges. it is still a two piece item with a larger pot diaphragm.  the parts store shows a replacement diaphragm being the same size as it is for the 24mm flange. from what i am seeing via photos and what originally came with my pump the 24mm flange body has a  shallower pot for the diaphragm. parts store claims the flanges both 24mm and 28mm use the same size diaphragm but such is not the case as one is far bigger than the other. there is still no other flange size out side of 24mm and 28mm. 28mm flange now has an insert i have not used nor ordered as the flange is very comfortable to use.still i would recommend the pump for mamas who use the available flange sizes. it is still a high quality pump and i believe it performs far better than my spectra s2 and my medela pisa  pump in style advance. customer service is good and motif makes quality breast pumps.update 09122018i recently noted that motif medical has taken to offering their replacement parts and flanges on amazon. we can not order breast flange kits with valvesmembranes and tubing included. breast flange inserts, replacement valvesmembranes, diaphragms, extra flanges and so on is now sold on here making it convenient to get parts.my pump now being 8m old is currently in the process of being replaced. after doing routine maintenance of replacing tubing, duckbills  i do not respond well to the valvemembrane combo so i do not use them  and diaphragms monthly, i noted that my pump is no longer able to provide me with adequate suction even when increasing the suction on the pump. with daily use of three plus times a day it is past it is prime. as with other pumps i have replaced in the past, the old motor will be sent back in exchange for  the new motor. i never used the pump as a double as for me i noted that it does not perform well as such. i always used my pump as a single and on ac power, never battery. using any pump as a double kills the vacuum strength thus motor is worked harder and mom would need to use higher suction overall. i would still recommend this pump for moms on the go now that parts is easier to get and the fact the pump is reasonably priced even when it is on sale.
shipping was incredibly fast and i actually received three. thank goodness because one broke as i was learning to use it and the other got deformed when i finally got it in. it makes a gorgeous bun, but the product is not sturdy enough for multiple uses.
i needed a new shaker bottle and decided to give this one a try.  i have used this for a few days now and i am very satisfied with my purchase.  it is leakproof, which is good considering i throw it in my gym bag.  the blender ball works just as well as any other blender ball out there.  i really like the nonslip grip that they put on the sides finger grove area and the bottom of the bottle.  it really helps with not dropping the bottle when there is condensation all over it.  my only wish is that there was a ring or a loop or something on the bottle to make it a little easier to hold.
works fine, and the price is good. i would buy this again!
this stuff tastes great and helps me thru my workouts...
beautiful color and big flakes! i love this product. if i ever run out, i will buy more without hesitation!
this is a beautiful copper magnetic bracelet. i have only worn it for a day and have not had any pain in my fingers like i do at times. i will update as i notice anything. i received a discount for an honest review.
love the packaging for travel. since a little goes a long way, you will probably get more from this pouch than you think.easy to dispense. does not irritate my dry  sensitive skin. has a slight scent that fades quickly  did not trigger any migraines always a win from something with fragrance.the lotion itself is nice. easy to blend into the skin. makes my skin feel pretty nice. the best part though, is definitely the packaging. besides being travel  storage space friendly, you do not have to put your fingers into a jar and so you are not contaminating the rest of the lotion every time you use it.
i have purchased quite a few different supplements and had some free sample sizes from bulk supplements over the last few years. horsetail is a herb i have heard about but never thought seriously adding it to my regimen until recently. listening to a video on alternative dentistry, horsetail is the goto herb for healthy teeth and gums. i ordered the herb from bulk supplements and began to take 1teaspoon a day. the color of the powder is brown and the taste tolerable. i was concerned about the quality and freshness though. after taking it for 2 weeks i could not tell one way or the other if it was having any effect at all. in the meantime i decided to order the same herb through another well known company that only sells fresh dried herbs, oils, etc organically grow, and american made. it arrived today. this new one is like night and day. it is green and smells earthyfresh. it is still just tolerable to taste, but that is pretty typical with herbs. i chuck it back with just enough water to get it down then chase with at least a cup of purified water. so, sorry, b.s. but your product just does not pass the quality test with this particular herb. i would not recommend it and i plan on purchasing other herbs from the other company because i know it is high quality.
this is like putting white out on your teeth . do not waste your money !
update  01062021had to get my hands on the new flavors! tried the sample pack and loved them. great tasting with the same buzz!original reviewi'm no stranger to caffeine as someone who has always taken preworkouts and drank energy drinks. i have a pretty high tolerance to the stuff. i am always on the lookout to try new products and came across this sample pack of neu's three flavors and figured i would give it a whirl.the three shots arrived quickly to my door and i waited for the right moment to try the first one. all the flavors were good, but i personally liked the original tropical punch the best green. i took the first shot before a night out and it worked great! the stuff is smooth and i felt a lift in my mood about 15 mins after taking it. it is nice because the 2oz shot does not leave you full of liquid, just crazy good energy. i felt great all night and had zero crash which was exactly what i was looking for.i find that the 300mg of caffeine is the sweet spot for me. it is enough to get me going and not too much where i feel too jittery. this product hits that sweet spot perfectly. it also has other ingredients like b12 and choline for an additional brain boost. overall the formula is strong, the product looks amazing and the flavors are great.i would highly recommend trying these out for your next night out on the town, study session, or in the office as a pick me up.
i do not like the coconut milk in my coffee or tea, but i use this whenever "light coconut milk" is mentioned in a recipe. this is a good alterative to buying cans of coconut milk, which i use up easily  this 8 oz resealable packet will last me a long time. while the canned milk is undeniably thicker and creamier, adding warm water to this powdered version still yields enough rich coconut flavor to be satisfactory for my thai dishes. i add a spoonful of red or green curry to a frying pan, add in the prepared light coconut milk, add some ginger, lemongrass, etc.,, and i have a delicious curry sauce. it is also nongmo and vegan, which is great. i wish i would known about this product earlier, i would have stopped having to buy cans all the time.
i have used this every day for the last 5 months and i love it!  i have a suv and it still fills the air with the wonderful scent of my essential oils!
very easy to attach to glasses. very comfortable
quality for a decent price.
great little things for small messes and small hands!
these bags were perfect for the job i needed them for.  i have a tin and treats i put in these bags and it worked ut perfectly.  i would buy again. maybe not sturdy for some jobs, but perfect for this one.
i am loving this facial brush! i use it in the shower with face wash and so far, so good! i am glad i could get rid of using a washcloth. it is made of a soft silicone so not damaging to my skin. it also suctions to the shower wall! i washed it in the dishwashing machine without any issues.
these scales are accurate and hold up well with 4 women using them on a daily basis. they are a breeze to move around and super easy to read, even in the dark. they are black and sleek, which adds to their appeal. this was a good purchase.
when it comes to winter, sometimes we do not always have access to the vegetables that we want to have.  i love to have juice, but sometimes it just is not possible to get fresh vegetables at times.  having this powder is a great alternative.what is this powder like?this powder comes in a great packaging which seems to keep the powder dry very nicely.  it is cut open and then you can reseal it.  the powder is raw beets, but is freeze dried so you have to keep this closed at all times, before and after you access it.how do i use it?i either put this in my vegetable juice that i make fresh and blend it in my hand blender, or if desperate, i add it to cold water and drink it in my mini blender.  i also have used it to make a keto version of red forest cake which is out of this world, by the way.  you just have to add more liquid to counteract the powder.the bottom linefor a great way to get beet juice into your diet when vegetables are not handy, this is an excellent alternative.  the powder is easy to use, tastes fresh and mixes well either in fresh juice or water, or you can use it in recipes too.my ratingfive stars.  i love how versatile it is and between the juice and red forest keto cake, i am most likely going to keep this in my cupboard when i run out i will buy more.
i bought the cleats mainly because it came with the tool, but the tool is too small and not sturdy enough to remove cleats from a golf.  at first, i used pliers to get some torque on the cleat, but it did not work.  i ended up buying a softspikes cleat kaddy, which was very easy.if you want great cleats, buy this item, but not for the tool.
i purchased this replacement bulb for my slvr410.  this is not the same model as the slv410.  the bulbs i ordered and received had the plug on the outside of the ring rather than the inside of the ring and were unusable.  that said, i went straight to the manufacturer and they explained the problem to me and sent me the correct bulb for the slvr410 which is replacement part number fb681.
i am pleased with these vitamin c gummies. they have a light citrus taste that is very pleasant. the consistency is perfect  soft enough to easily chew but not something that sticks to my teeth. the gummies are covered with granular sugar which keeps them from sticking to one another even in humid weather.the vitamin c content is decent, with each serving of 2 gummies providing 240mg. that is not as high as other gummies, but for me, it is a good dosage level. the echinacea content is pretty low at 3.5mg per serving. still, i use these for the vitamin c so the echinacea is more like a bonus than something i find essential to have. the price is a little high but not out of range for a 60 count bottle.overall score of 4.5 stars. i will round up to 5 since i am so pleased with the taste and consistency.
i got what i needed to wake up and get out to my commute while it is still dark.  i am the poster child for 34;not a morning person.34;  this makes it happen.
i have to be careful with these or they give me a terrific headache. be careful of taking with anything else.
i purchased this case to protect my oils for an upcoming move overseas. i love the print that i chose and the extras that came with it. it seems to be a pretty sturdy case. holds all of my oils perfectly. the 5ml bottles are a tad bit loose in the slots but that is not a problem right now. the 15ml bottles fit very snug which is perfect. i will try to remember to update after my flight to let you guys know whether the case protected the oils or not.
i like that these are soft packaging. easy to carry in your car, purse, anywhere. good value.  why soft on the skin. would buy again.
did nothing at all for my milk supply.  stick with straight fenugreek!
received this for my wife.she is been using it for about a month now and reports that its a good trimmer.  she regularly uses it for legs and armpits and that "other" area.  good for legarmpits all year round as well as winter maintenance in the "other" area.she does say that you if you have darkthick hair you still need to wax if you are going to the beachpool  but lightfair hair will probably not need to.my electric shaver was out of power and i used it on my face  thankfully it worked.  i see it as revenge, since i know she is been using my electric shaver without my permission...
this is an easy and effective way to ice an injured area. i use it on my leg where i was injured and also  it works greats on leg cramps at night. the roller part stays in the freezer for when you need it . you just pop on the roller to the handle and its ready to go. it rolls easily and smoothly and then when you are done it cleans up easily. the roller stays icy cold for plenty of time  i have yet to run out of cold while using . the handle fits my hand nice and it it comfortable to hold and use. the roller rolls smooth. this also works great when i have neck pain or a migraine.
these were nice enough, but i did notice some cosmetic defects in the surface on 2 of the 3.  disappointed with that.
this is great in my basement bath where we keep an xl litter box for 2 cats. i was impressed. will be purchasing 2 more units to put in other areas of the basement. highly recommend.
these are fantastic! i take 9 pills a daythree different times of the day. i also have neuropathy in my hands due to past chem infusions. it was difficult to open that many pill bottles throughout the day. these are super easy to open and easy to fill.  i also recently took them on a cruise with me, and they were wonderful and traveled well. i highly recommend these!
awful do not waste your money i purchased this amp; it did not last a full year. everything i did to clean per instructions still will not work. i will never purchase from this company again.
great product. fast delivery.
i have gone back to natural nails and needed files for them. i knew the 240 would be okay and was hoping the 180 would work. it does the job but i only use the 180 side for shortening my nails, its a bit rough and is not at all good for shaping. that being said, the 240 is what i was looking for and its easy enough to tell the difference so you do not use the wrong side.
the photos were misleading. it comes with one sheet and it is thick too.
comfortable and as advertised you can still hear everything just that really loud sounds are blocked and reduced in volume. i use them several days a week and have had no problems with them. recommended.
these work great. the are long enough to wash dishes and do other household cleaning. you get 2 pair in different  colors so you will not get the ones for the bathroom mixed up with kitchen gloves. they keep your hands clean and do a wonderful job.
the plates are extra tiny and super flimsy. cups are also very small. the banners are cute, napkins are fine, but overall, the set is pretty disappointing.
easily adjustable, not too tight and changes sizes easily.
the only reason this cane holder gets a single star is due to the fact there is no way to assign a zero star.  the manufacturer and seller should be embarrassed to sell this item due to it is poor construction, lack of instructions and poor design.  do not purchase this...it is a total waste of money.
i purchased these for my dad. got him two pair.  these really help with circulation of the feet. this company has several other "sleeve" braces that are very comfortable and help with circulation.my first one was for my knee after surgery. my arthopedic said no braces, well these are not braces, but sleeves.i originally heard from the people who invented this material that our soldiers in afghanistan used them to help circulate blood to their feet to help them "feel" warm in the cold desert night.  they could not wear anything that generated real heat because it would make their feet sweat and in the cold air, not good.i was getting foot cramps and these helped my sleep better at night.  i know you are supposed to wear them with your shoes, which i did, but found them more comfortable at night to make my feet feel warm, not hot.i will tell you.. my knee healed faster than expected which was great since i travel for work and need to walk alot.  i noticed my knee did not get as tired so i got a set for both knees.then i got the socks too.  not just these, but the ones that go above the knee.  then i got one for the elbow.  yeah... i am that jacked up.i know the quality of these and have recommended to facebook friends who live across the country. told them if you do not like them you can return them.  they had similar knee surgery.they had similar experience and also got the socks... odd... the knee and foot issues seem to go hand in hand, or foot in foot!they to have recommended this brand to their friends.  when i see someone hobbling around.. i ask, then tell them... google incrediwear, read the reviews, then order on amazon.
this is an amazing toothbrush. i have metal in my lower bottom gums with holes to snap into the teeth. i went looking on amazon and found this amazing product. they keep help get the food out. i will be a couple more because they come from another country and it takes a little longer to get them. so i will buy two more.
these delightful brittle  do i call them a candy or a cookie  are different and tasty.  only problem is i want to eat the whole bag at one time.  i prefer the chocolate chip to the other flavors, but i am sure that is a preference and not a reflection on the product.
seriously, i love this thing.  i hate washing and fixing my hair because it takes forever as i have very thick wavy hair that holds moisture.  it takes me at least an hour to blow dry usually still damp at the back of my scalp and straighten my hair.  i have taken to using dry shampoo for 3 and 4 days to avoid washing and doing the process all over again.  well, this brush solves all my problems.  the day after i got it i took a shower at night letting my hair air dry a little bit before bed.  when i woke the next morning it was pretty gnarly looking think janis joplin. i sprayed it with my heat protectant and hit it with the blowdryer for roughly 5 minutes just to make sure it was completely dry that underneath layer was still damp.  i cranked the brush up to 450f while i was blow drying and she was ready by the time i was done.  i brushed my hair thoroughly to make sure there were no knots to snag.  then the miraculous occurred, i think i heard a heavenly choir singing.  i slowly brushed the first section of my hair.  there was no strange pulling, no scalding piece of hair to hold, no weird kinks against my scalp but it was straight!  oh wonder of wonders, miracle of miracles!  i did one side and then decided i needed to document this process.  i went and got dressed must wear a bra for the public good and grabbed my phone to take a few pictures.  i started with the brush at 708 and with wardrobe changes and selfies i ended at 722.  say what!?!  this brush is my new best friend.  i did not get any finger burns from lava hot hair, i even picked out a few stray hairs from the brush while it was on and it did not burn me what is this sorcery!.  this brush is amazing and i kind of want to kiss it.  if i never buy another hair appliance again i will be totally ok with that.  i love this thing almost as much as i love my first kindle.
i have a 6mo old and a 3yr old, and have one of these germguardian sanitizers in each of their rooms. we hardly every get sick, i would like to think these sanitizers play a part in that. they make just enough noise to act as a noisemaker, as well as put off just enough light to act as a night light very dim one. they seem to do a decent deal for removing odor baby diapers from their rooms.i have had one of these sanitizers in my older kids room for about a year and half and it is still working great. had to replace the bulb once. i got a really good deal on the ones i bought, on amazon. most of the time they are overpriced, so wait and you can get a decent deal on these sanitizers. if the price drops again, i will get one for my room.
i knew the items included in this package would be small, and they sure were!!  but it is a nice selection of things to try and then i could purchase bigger products of the things i liked the best.  it would make a nice gift also for someone who likes to mess with their nails.
i grabbed a pack of water bottles and a gallon of this stuff. i diluted it to 11 or 50 in the bottle.half water half degreaser solution.i got this specifically for degreasing old old old schwinn stingray parts.i was gifted a 1965 stingray my mom found at a garage sale back in 1992.a neighbor spraypainted it all black with magenta wheels and all that junk..fast forward to 2020 and i am stripping it down and rebuilding it for my 8 year old niece.black with flames .anyway all the bearings in it needed heavy heavy degreasing. 60 year old bike grease is some of the stickiest nastiest stuff you will ever encounter. i put the bearing and many other of the quality parts into 100 degreaser after spraying them down with some initial clean up with the diluted solution..the  solution melts grease. it is incredible..i did not stop there. i use it everywhere now..on motorcycle parts, car engine bay, and on grill utensils.you know that steel brush you use to scrape the grill off after usage?that thing is fulll of grease of course!soak it in this for a few minutes and rinse it out and it is brand new..anywhere you can imagine grease existing, this will degrease it..it is phenomenal stuff.a gallon will last me a while but i will definitely always have this on hand for any dirty greasy job.cheers
great for travel and to keep things organized at home.
fast shipping and great product.
this is one longlasting unit!  it has taken on some small room issues  vocs, other odors  and puts out a very, very insignificant green light.  i have used it in powder rooms and, most recently, a college student's bedroom that has accumulated dirty laundry.  very pleased with this purchase and am about to buy another one.i have tried several negativeion generators, some with  without fans, some ozone generators, etc., for several years and have found that those with filtersfans tend to die after a few years of constant use, even with filter maintenance.  the fans of these units not the germguardian tend to finally die.  the smaller ozone generators are wonderful, but i have found that some of the brands are all but impossible to clean and, thusly, lose their effectiveness after a year or so.  the one of these small units i am still crazy about is not being sold by amazon at this time.
good detergent. great value. we purchased it to try to get a stain out of a pocelain sink. it did not help with that. but, it is a wonderful laundry dey.
same as i was using
great price for two and does the job.
my kids love them and, i am quite sure, well continue to use them into adulthood.  i should  buy stock.
i wish this product  was available years ago. this is the most amazing product for mosquito bites. i am the one that is bit  in my family i am always getting bit and scratch like crazy. if you use this right away you too will be  amazed that it worked so well. the itching will be gone. there was still swelling but it did not itch. its so simple to use. i actually have the original namebrand one and i prefer this one better because the finger loops make it easier to use. i cannot say enough positive things about this product! the price is excellent , especially since you get three of them. i keep one on my purse and one in the car and another in the first aid kit. this is one purchase you will not regret!!
this is not a production unit;  it is a portable, easily transportable, light weight, simple, fairly durable unit.  for a homeowner, handyman or light commercial, it is very nice.  i am an electrician; for the low end carpentry i need to do my work, this is perfect.
love it
it was a gift so i do not know details but it was a pretty color.
i have done some research on the health benefits of fisetin but cannot really find a lot about it.  it has not had many studies and the results of the ones done were not very conclusive.  but, the reason i selected this product for review was not for the fisetin content but the quercetin.  quercetin is absolutely wonderful at getting zinc into cells to fight off and kill viruses.  it really goes very well with vitamin c, d3 and zinc and i take all of those daily.
great product!!!
i got a free sample of the dragonfruit flavor. it tastes like how a bandaid smells. i cannot think of how else to describe it. i did not realize it was a healthy drink when i popped the can open and just thought it was another brand of lacroix'esque sparkling waters. after the first foul tasting sip i looked at the can to see exactly what i was drinking. after seeing that it claims to be good for you, i decided to give it another go. i could not get past sip number 2. truly one of the worst tasting beverages i have tasted.
ever since the pandemic began, we have been taking d3 pills religiously. however, not all of them are created equal. these are very good, however, and are easy to swallow, leave no bad aftertaste in your mouth, and are small enough they do not choke the mrs. most of all, they are strong enough 5,000iu's to keep pretty much any nasty germ at bay. granted, it is not guaranteed to prevent you from catching covid, but every little bit helps, right? we have not gotten the virus yet knock on wood, so we will maintain our regime and take these for as long as it takes to be safe again. good health to you!
i fell several weeks ago and hurt my seat, but, consequently, my legs hurt since then, too.  i bought this to help cushion my seat at work, but it is thick and hurts my legs on the edge.  i have to return the item because it was not comfortable for me.
seriously i am writing a review about ear plugs? they are that great. i have very sensitive hearing and even moderate noise sometimes makes my eardrums hurt. i always carry one pair of these around with me, keep one in the car, etc. just in case i need them. they are very comfortable and do not get irritating. they cancel enough noise that i can feel at ease enough sleep, but if i wear them loosely i could still have a conversation with someone at dinner. they are fairly discrete and the little cases are great, too. i have used these for almost a year now whether its sitting in a coffee shop or traveling on a plane. if you are in the market for ear plugs, look no further. seriously these are awesome and so comfy.
i did a bit of research after one of the morning news shows talked about uv lights. this little plugin was pretty inexpensive, so i ordered it for an area that has puppy pads. it did the job, and was pretty quiet. it is nice to know that the uv bulb is replaceable.i just ordered another one to place in the bathroom.update it was pointed out to me that the plug turns, so it can accommodate both sides of an outlet. thanks to merry c!
loved the idea off having earplugs attached to a cord for easy access but plug come out and will not go back in. i cannot really notice a huge noise difference between these and regular ear plugs. my voice and the patients is very muffled. i have to take off my gloves after using the cavitron to hold a conversation.
just what i needed.
its an okay ice pack. gets too hard once in freezer for more than a couple hours. not my favorite.
fast results that are clear. no dye run issues.
i bought this some time ago as an amazon today deal. this is such a wonderful spray. i could not afford the 29 dollars but it is worth every cent. here is hoping for another today's deal
i really like these lens cleaners. the moisture is perfect. they do not leave my lenses with streaks. i have tried other wipes and they left streaks on my lenses because they were too wet.
the lavender smells amazing!  i love the little towel that comes with it.  great investment for your mat!
i have used these several times now. it fully blocks the light while being very conformable.  it worked for me laying down in bed and sitting up on a very early flight. it let me get the best sleep i have ever had on a plane. the soft silk does not add any distraction like other sleep masks i have tried.
like most stain removers, this one works best on "fresh" stains  for example, if you just spilled wine on your blouse five minutes ago. this remover worked but then, so does seltzer if you apply enough of it. when i tried it on an "old" stain a pair of jeans that had a spot on it from grease, it did not do anything. the small bottle is handy for travel, however, so it is good for when you are on the go. overall it is good for mild stains that just happened and you do not have anything else on hand. for more stubborn stains, i would use something else.
makes nice bubbles and the message is good.
but it is not waterproof, so your medication could melt away if you get caught in rain. it will work and most of us are not caught in the rain all day everyday, so they can work. you could also put little mouth fresheners or gum in them too. when open, you also have a mirror bright interior lid to look in for fast fix ups.
i felt very hard to use and plucks hair
great supply of various popular sizes of watch band pins.
the four pack of bamboo bath sponges are a great deal. i go through a few every year and this fourpack will keep me stocked. soft mesh and shower gel foams up nicely when using. they have a nice ribbon to hook them for draining.
good quality and good price!  good for adults and children.
does not work. almost seemed to attract more cats. i would not recommend buying this.
i use it for everything, it is the best
this type of supplement is very good for you and the supplier is awesome. you can curb your appetite have clean skin and have your hair grow very long from using this
i am always looking for ways to curb my appetite so i thought i would give these a try. you are to take so many pills each day i think that is hard to remember to take them and with the smell it is hard to force yourself to do. but i was determined to give it a fair shake. i did take them for a week, and i did notice that it helped my appetite. i am not sure if that is because of what is in them, or because of the terrible smell, who wants to eat after you have smelled that? it did work though, so you have to give some stars for that. i defiantly noticed that i was going to the bathroom more often do the detox part worked as well. this is not something i could add or take for my regular routine, but if you are looking for a way to loose a few pounds, or a way to detox for  a week or so, this would work.
the first thing i love about this flat iron is that it is cordless!  it is so nice to slowly getting rid of all of the power cords in my bathrooms.the iron itself is nice.  heats up fast.the only thing i do not like is the size of the heating plate.  i am used to a longer one in my older flat iron so it is taking me a bit to get used to this one.since i only straighten my bangs and every so often my entire head of hair, the charge will last me a long time before i need to recharge it again.nice flat iron that is easy to pack up and take on the go.
i love these oil but they raised the price.  this is not greasy and good for skin.  great for senaitive skin.
pretty rough and started to unravel on second use. pretty color but that is about it
does not plug in the wall properly
i mixed up some of this today with cold water and milk with some ice cubes.  it mixed very well.  i gave my wife a taste, she is pickier than i am on these things.  she liked it.  we both liked it.i appreciate very much that it is made in the usa.  i really appreciate the grams of fiber along with added vitamins.the only concern i have is the price to reorder when it runs out.  at almost two dollars a serving, it is higher than the others i drink.  but then again, this one has fiber and i do not think any of my other ones do.we like it and will continue to drink it.
ridiculous.  1 sheet will not wash anything.  use 15 sheets maybe
i have been using this clear care product to clean and disinfect my contacts for years.  it was recommended to me by my eye doctor when i was diagnosed with an eye infection. i have not had an infection in the many years i have been using it. i gave it 4 stars because the double pack only comes with one of the required cases. i think there should be a case for each bottle included.
very deceiving as there was nothing stating that they would poorly paint rubber and glue it to mediocre glass.
well packaged, arrived early. great price and smells lovely
there are 30 shimmery champagne gold boxes and 6 pages of 20 clear stickers totaling 120 stickers that come with this set. they come in one piece and fold into a midsized box.i finally figured out how to fold the box bottom correctly. the tabbed flaps go on the outside of the bottom and interlock into the other flaps. they are not very sturdy, so i suspect that 4 of the 120 stickers should be used to secure the 4 tabs as shown in one of my photos.as long as one seals the bottom, it should hold. these are perfect for christmas gifts no wrapping needed or for cookies, cupcakes, or other classy gifts.  each box should be able to fit about one pound of cookies depending on the size of the cookie or four regularsized cupcakes. overall, i think these are classy but i do not like the interlocking design of the bottom that requires stickers to provide hold.the current price of 18.99 for 30 comes to  .63 cents each which is reasonable
when i read this book in the future, back when it has not been published yet, it changed my life!  but seriously, i already know i will love this book when it becomes available. thank you allie, for hyperbole and a half and all things created by your wonderful self. i am super excited to see the new book. hope you are doing well.
i saw no change with the whitening pen. it does have a pleasant taste. does not work for me
i purchased this toner a few weeks ago. i was looking for something that hydrated my skin. some toners dry your face out. not this one! my face felt moist and clean. dreamy!!!!
great for layout.
the spray nozzle does not spray evenly and leaks huge globs of the oil out on to my mat.it takes a ton of spraying to even cover your mat so i feel like this is going to last maybe 57 uses.the smell is nice and i like that it comes with a microfiber towel but the towel itself is hideous and too big.overall, i do not recommend this product.
the packaging was different than what is pictured but i really like the fragrance and the way it lathers  i would love to see it packaged in a glass jar  more for the aesthetic look
i have been using cloverine salve since i was born, well my mom did it for me! 3 generations cannot be wrong!  i use it on practically everything except burns until the healing process has started! get some it is so worth it!
they are bgreatbfor the price
this is the chair pad if you sit longer than 10 min. per day especially using a computer. it is well worth the high price for what you get  how it keeps its original shape  form factor over a long period of time.
i received cascade complete as listed in the product description.  good product.
rather wobbily.
attachments stopped working g after one use
i ordered some generic eyeglass case from amazon and my gunnar mlg phantoms did not fit in them in the slightest.  did not even know gunnar made an accompanying case, but i am very happy i stumbled upon these.  the quality seems very good; they are made with something like a hard leatherette, so it gives it a nice feel.  plenty of room inside and i do not feel like my glasses are squished.  i am considering buying another pair of gunnars and if i do, i am absolutely buying another one of these with them.
this is a good, quality vg for mixing eliquid.  i have used this in the past, and am quite pleased with it for the price.
i like to walk around the neighborhood and pick up trash, and this thing is great!  i can walk with a bag, and a grabber hand, and easily keep the bag open to put stuff in it.  then it collapses on itself when you let it drop back down like a briefcase, so trash does not blow out.
there fine
in addition to this new linea squeegee, i have three oxo shower squeegees two of which are in service at any given time  my favorite  i have been using my  oxo squeegees anywhere from twice daily to once every other day depending on which shower i am using and if i am taking one or two showers per day.this unit comes in three piecesthe suction cup which has to be screwed into the stainless steel holder, the stainless steel holder, and the squeegee. its features are partial crystallike handle rust proof stainless steel in brushed nickel finish for top of squeegee and suction hook slightly angled neckpros it has a long 10" blade so it is great for wiping down my shower walls in a few passes. the streamlined design looks sleek and elegant except for the lucitelooking handle. the blade wipes smoothly and leaves my walls and shower doors streakfree. the suction cup holds hard on my acrylic shower walls. the blade appears to be replaceable by loosening two screws. it comes with lifetime limited warranty guaranteed rustproof finish, will replace if defective, etc..cons to me this is heavy as it weighs in at 6.5 ounces excluding suction holder. the handle looks like lucite or glass and if the suction cup gives way when it is hanging i expect it to break when it hits the tub or shower bottom. in fact, the weight of this thing might nick the bottom of a porcelain tub. only time will tell how this holds up. the handle is too thin for grasping comfortably. i wish the blade head were a little more angled.compared to my other squeegees, i actually like this one the least mainly because of the thin fragile handle and the lack of a deeper angled head.if i were to rate my preference in squeegees, my first choice is the  ,  4.7 stars, and the  . this squeegee  i rate 3 stars because, the handle needs to be thicker and in stainless steel and the head more angled. at the current price of 39.99 plus 5.25 shipping, i feel this is overpriced for its current design.  nevertheless, this squeegee is a looker and for those who have very large showers and baths, this 10" blade makes short work of wiping away the water.
great task lighting with two slightly different settings. adjustable for most positions next to a chair. hope the replacement bulb is reasonable when necessary.
this facial cleansing brush works great. i love the way the brush feels on my skin. my face feels so clean after using this brush.the box comes with a facial cleanser with three brushes. one brush is made of nylon wool and can be used daily. another brush is short nylon and can be used daily. the last brush is for sensitive skin. it is made with silica gel and can be used daily. there is also a usb cord for charging and also a users manual.i will be recommending this facial cleansing brush to family and friends.
this is a company i like to use for essential oils. i get some really nice products at really nice prices. i have tried alot of other companies but this one has some of the best quality oils i have tried in a long time. i am so glad i did it stay with them it was well worth it.this is one of my favorite essential oils i am so glad i found this company.  this lemon oil is a household staple for us and one of my favorite essential oils. i love the smell of this oil it smells like lemon drops. this one is a good choice for my family. i use it to make my homemade body butters and beard waxes. it mixes nice and does not separate after it is mixed. it goes on smoothly and absorbs into the skin very easily. i like using essential oils regularly and this is a great choice for a carrier oil. good purchase and a nice big bottle.i purchased this product at a reduced price for an honest and unbiased review.
my daughter is a soccer champ in her own right but megan is her favorite. she loves it. i do wish they came with a simple stand...
unfortunately i am returning this item. i tried it on and it was fairly simple to figure out how to adjust it. it definitely felt like it was pulling my shoulders back and i could instantly feel a bit of relief from my poor posture. however once on and snug, it cuts into my arm pit area too tightly. it may be my size or my sensitivity level. i am a female, 5 1 and weigh about 125. i do not not recommend this product since it seems like it would be effective, it just was not for me.
for years i have heard about the magic eraser.  from friends and family, even coworkers.  not sure what took me so long to try it out, but when i did, all i can say is 'wow'!!!  i had embedded stains from makeup and who knows what on the bathroom corian sink which i scrubbed with baking soda, even softscrub with bleach, and the stains did not come all the way out.  one try with the magic eraser and bam!  stains gone.  then i decided to try it on the black toaster oven, where i accidentally left a loaf of bread and the plastic melted into the top.  i washed it, rubbed it and used everything i could think of, but that thin layer of plastic would not budge.  in comes the magic eraser and it came off right away.  no kidding.  the name says it all, because this stuff is truly magic!
it did a nice enough job
i love this diaper print! it is so cute otb!
i have to have electrolytes when playing tennis. i play very competitively, especially during the summer months when it is very hot here in the deep south. if i do not have an electrolyte drink available during a match i start getting the shakes and afterwards i am prone to muscle cramping which hurts like youknowwhat. i have tasted these electrolyte drops and they taste fine in water, but i have not been able to test it out on a hot court since it is still winter. but, looking at the ingredients list it seems to have everything i need and more. i especially like the extra potassium it contains.  and i usually have to add a little nacl to it since i sweat so much of it out while playing but i probably will not have to because it contains 125mg of sodium per serving.  i am really looking forward to using this electrolyte come this spring and summer.
if you have dry skin, this is a cool and refreshing healing lotion. it has a light pleasant scent and is not greasy. it includes aloe and vitamin e as ingredients. it is an excellent basic skin lotion to combat dryness. good for dry hands, dry feet and skin in general. we have a woodburning stove so the air gets dry in the winter, combined with the cold. love to apply this lotion throughout the day to my hands and feet to keep them soft. the container works well and squirts easily a small amount of lotion at a time. glad to find this healing lotion.
i absolutely love love love this hat, i was not sure if i would as i am generally not a hat person. i have very fare skin however and wanted to see if a hat would work to protect me from the sun this year while working in the garden and this hat is going to be perfect and for an added bonus my hubby actually likes it on me. i think it will also look super cute with a little sun dress to go out  i am only in my early 30s so its still fashionable not something for just your grandma but something you can add to your closet for summer days anywherei received the vefra summer large brim straw hat for women for free in order to conduct this review and provide my honest option of this item
this floss shredded in my husbands teeth and he was so disgusted! he had to find glide floss just to get the strands of this floss out of his teeth! disappointing.
i ordered a small and somehow ended up with either a medium or large. little big for my taste.
garcinia cambogia is a small, sour tropical fruit used traditionally as a condiment and to prevent formation and increase release of intestinal gas.  this herb used as natural appetite suppressant. aids in weight management and does not taste bad.  i mix it in with my yogurt and shakes.  hopefully it will help me loose weight.  i have taken for 2 days now, 3 doses total, and i already have more energy and notice a suppression in my appetite.
i was not expecting the large size of this. this will not fit most rolling papers only extra long ones. i ended up purchasing a smaller 1.25 size that fits most papers. the product was great quality just not what i was looking for. make sure you are paying attention to the size. it was delivered quickly and as listed.
i ordered the 'dental duty teeth whitening kit with 14 nonslip whitestrips  whitening accelerator light' for review.  i have had the opportunity to review several other whitening kits recently and this one by far has given my wife the best results.  she has completed six 20minute sessions and already has had significant results.  her additional thoughts compared to whitening pens or other trays, these are much easier to use.  you simply open the strips, place the larger strip on your top teeth and the smaller strip on your bottom teeth.  be sure to get all the way down to your gums and press the strip to adhere closely to your teeth.  then insert the light into the mouth tray and turn it on. the light has an automatic shut off at 10 minutes.  just turn it back on once or twice dependent on the time you want to continue whitening.  i would not recommend nor does the instructions recommend any longer than a half hour. you do need to open the battery compartment to remove the paper between the two batteries to use it. the photos show her before pic along with after the first use and then after 6 uses.  the pictures were taken in the same spot in the house at the same time of day without a flash. because these are strips versus a gel, you do not have anything draining into your mouth while you are whitening.  once you turn off the light and remove the tray there is some saliva mixed with white foam.  she did not gag as much as with the gels. it may be too early to tell but, at this point this product has not caused any additional sensitivity to her teeth. this kit is less expensive then many other less comparable whitening kits.overall, my wife is happy with the results she has seen already.  she is looking forward to finishing a complete week. once she does i will update my review with new after pictures.
okay the flavor on this one is intense.  its strong enough that i find i do not want to chew it very long.  to me that is much better than the usual weak flavor, but is something to consider if you do not like a strong flavor.  the flavor sticks around awhile.the packaging is recyclable i use them for storing small craft items in.
i have seen others use these and they seem quite happy with them. so i needed one because i am so uncomfortable on planes. i am looking forward to using this. when you take a plane for over just a few hours, you really would like to sleep. this should help me. especially since it also has an eye mask and noise plugs.
this is the second time i have bought bath booms. the first time was lush, which was great but expensive. so, i decided to try another one. then i found ikalula! i like ikalula bath booms! they have sweety smells and different colors! i love sweet orange most! i love all orange and lemon smells! they make my skin soft and make me relax after i bath. i will buy it again!
they hair dryer came securely packaged it can with a cute velvet travel size bag, it is a digital blow dryer so you can control the temperature on the dryer.this hair dryer is lightweight, its like i am not holding anything when i use the dryer to blow out my wigs. the color of the dryer had my attention.it comes with two attachment a smooth nozzle and diffuser, the power of the blow dryer drys in no time. i definitely recommend this seller
tried it on a window and a wreath and it is a yucky mess!  never dried.  stayed wet.
i received this product and promptly put it in the refrigerator for twenty four hours or so. i took one out noticing the easy open label on the top. it actually was. the plastic covering peels off with minimal effort and i think just about anyone will be able to twist the top off. . . unfortunately. i have drank some bad things before. i have even had spoiled beer that had unidentifiable chunks floating in it. this was that bad. it was revolting. chalky and bitter with a horrible chemical, sour, twang. i had two mouthfuls and i was still tasting this hours later. yes, i ate and drank other things to try and get rid of the taste but it lingered. hands down this was the most revolting thing i have ever drank. tossed the other five bottles in the trash. i do not recommend this product. unless you do not like someone, a lot.
use this product for long runs. its great!
brew it with hot water, it helps with lung cleaning.
i have enjoyed the premade version so reading the powdered version was not the same did not surprise me. but a lot of reviews claim it tastes terrible and was so different they threw it away. luckily, i trusted the company and tried this product anyway. contrary to those lowstar reviews, i disagree that it does not taste similar, and when mixed in a blender you almost cannot tell the difference. i use a small portable version.  just using a shaker cup does not blend it as successfully but ok if you just need that satisfying shake to stave off snack cravings. i find this meal replacement to be very satisfying and helps stop me from craving excess food. i do 2 scoops to actually replace a meal, 1 scoop to stave off snacking note the container says 12 c is for 8oz  23 c 2 scoops is for 12 oz. not as creamy as the premade but probably not as many additives, either. unfortunately, i have realized this product causes stomach discomfort so i cannot enjoy it as often as i would like. if you pop and enzyme pill and a probiotic pill just before, it helps a lot with the gas.
a month ago my blood pressure was 14080. i had atrial flutter issues and my heart was acting bizarre. i started taking a potassium and magnesium product and saw some results. then i read the magnesium miracle by dr. carolyn dean and stated taking this liquid magnesium. i noticed good results with magnesium and now my blood pressure went down to 11060. so my nurse practitioner has halved my blood pressure medication and i have an appointment in a month to check it again.if you do take this liquid magnesium and have high blood pressure make sure you are working with your doctor or nurse because your medication may need to be adjusted. they also did an ekg on me and said my heart was normal and i told them "well i am taking magnesium." they also did blood tests and said they were normal. i am not sure my nurse actually realized that the magnesium had lowered my blood pressure. here are some of my experiences day by day at the startday 1 i took 14 teaspoon in 16.9 fluid ounces water. it made me feel relaxed and i slept well.day 2 i got ambitious and took 12 teaspoon in a large container of iced tea and it only tasted a bit salty.sipped over a couple of hours and it seemed to relax me and take the edge off my anxiety. i thought it was giving me a lot of energy and made my heart beats really strong.day 3 backed off a bit and took 14 teaspoon in a small amount of cranberry juice. tasted salty and a bit bitter so did not want to do that again. decided it needed more liquid to make it palatable.day 4 took 14 teaspoon in a pint 2 cups of coconut water. my anxious thoughts stopped and my mind felt calm and almost as if my thoughts were not as loud.day 5 took 14 teaspoon in 2 cups bottled water. felt as if my system was detoxing and cleaning out.day 6 felt like toxins were being released so drank more water.day 7 decided to try taking the magnesium liquid in capsules. that way you cannot taste and salty or bitter flavor.day 8 while waiting to get capsules, took 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in iced tea.day 9 put 14 teaspoon magnesium in 3 veggie capsules. swallowed them down with no issues.since then i have been taking 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in five veggie capsules. i fill them up with a syringe and take them right away, not letting them sit around to dissolve. it is a little extra effort but it keeps my atrial flutter under control and i feel better in general. you may want to wipe the capsules off a bit after filling. i just use a napkin. that way you do not taste any of the liquid. that is my best solution and how i am going to continue to take this magnesium.my cautions are to start slow with drops or 14 teaspoon and work up slowly to 12 teaspoon a day. also read the magnesium miracle to understand all the reasons to take this product and how to take it. i would not recommend taking it straight, always dilute it in at least 2 or more cups of water to make it palatable. i will say this magnesium does not have laxative effects like other magnesium products do. that is a good thing if you want to leave the house!so my experience has been positive. please consult with your doctor before taking any supplements as your medications may need to be adjusted.the rebecca review
this will scrub shine off of gold!!great gets into corners too..
only 4 stars because the gloves are small. the pot holders mitts work very good but do not have any silicone stripping on them which would help hold the dish better. but these are good.
i am a nursing student and purchased this hemostat for my uniform. i have yet to use it but everyone compliments the cool black color. it is actually very good quality and would recommend to others!
awesome! it is just what i was looking for and it really works relaxing my muscles.
it is still sitting in my bathroom, the instructions are worthless.  all the bottles are marked with the same description.  i will probably just throw it away.
my baby hated this. i thought it would be easier than a regular toothbrush but it was not
shipping sucked! loose in package,  lid off  product leaked. seems to work well though. just be aware you may be short of product after shipping.
these are tasty ashwagandha gummies but the texture is more like a soft candy than real gummy which is very chewy.  ashwagandha helps to calm me down and i sleep better at night and i have read that it helps reduce panic attacks.
this package contains a nice variety of dental items for dogs.
these dry wipes are excellent. designed to be used with a bucket, they are strong, absorbent and versatile. they are softer than i anticipated but strong. they do not tear or leave behind lint. they can be used virtualky anywhere, garage, workshop, kitchen, bsth or office. impressed by the quality.
looking through the clear bag when my kale powder arrived, the shade of the green powder is a bit pale compared to the color of fresh kale.but curious to taste it, i added a teaspoon of powder to a 12 glass of water and just drank it....surprisingly, it tasted fresh and sweet.  i am just hoping this is truly what it says it is....pure organic kale powder and nothing else.  this tastes far better than so many green powders i have purchased.  no bitterness whatsoever. i feel this was a very good purchase.  i bought the pound bag...which will probably last a long time!
worked wonderfully for making slide sandals fit perfectly. i have one foot that is just a tad bit larger on top than the other and they worked great for making both fit the same.
bought this for my wife, she loves it!  colors are cool and it really protects her phone well.  previously she had the oe samsung flip case with replaces your back pc and does not protect your phone at all.  it also has a magnet that latches it shut.  not the best built i have ever seen but it is good for the price.
i buy of this terrible ever light, work one month, and do not work any more,bad product.
these are poolshower quality ear plugs! i have bad swimmers ear, even in the shower , these come with the coolest metal keychain worthy container and a great lite neckstrap to hook up your earplugs , place the plugs in your ears and shower or swim .. then just hang them up to dry out!
this stuff really works. i will not leave home without it
along with an autoimmune diet this probiotic is really helping me treatreverse my autoimmune disease.
title says it all
unfortunately these mouth tapes are worthless junk. they do not stay on, they do not breathe, so it makes you sweat and eventually you will have a blowout early in the morning ruining your sleep cycle.
it was not helpful at all. i bought it to use on the ends of my hair. saw no improvement. the company is not the issue it is just the oil.
small and perfect box size for friends if you are looking for something simple.
i love the citrus essential oils because they brighten up the room and leave a freshness to the environment.  i use this in my aromatherapy humidifier during the day.  it smells great and i think it helps to lift the spirit.  this is a great size and a really good value.
i bought this to begin tincturing my own stevia that i grow in my garden.  i have tried using alcohol, and cannot ever seem to cook it right to get ride of the taste.  someone recommended glycerin, so i am giving it a shot! i am so excited to taste my first sample soon!  everyone says this has a sweet taste, but i did not find that...of course i have a serious sweet tooth..so i cannot taste mildly sweet i guess.  it is a large bottle, for the price.i will be saving a tremendous amount of money by making my own tinctures at home.  this process also does not require heat...you just mix it with the herb, so easy!  i am looking for more ways to use this as a viable source for homemade items.  you know what is in the product if you make it at home!
this trimmer started out as a very nice trimmer.  however, after only a year, the main trimmer head has broken rendering the unit, mostly, useless.  while it worked great for the year i used it about once per month, the trimmer head i use most of the time is broken and unusable.  i find this to be very disappointing.  the quality of this unit is very poor and one year of use for a unit of this costly makes me angry.
very light and very short, even with the telescopic handle
love them
what a foursome!!!! these reading glasses arrived well before their scheduled time.. packaging they were well secured. and pricing .. wow!! well .....what can i say, you really will not regret this purchase. when i looked inspected each one i discovered they are ingeniously crafted and i am so appreciative.  bravo!!!! bravo!!!! bravo!!!! bravo!!!!
i purchase the devise hoping that it will assist with my neck pain, but i feel i got 2 in one.. i used it as a "pillow" during my recent flight and it was great.its force your neck to stretch and be in right position and its really relief neck tension. when deflated its small enough to get into my hang bag and i can use it either at home and in the office. highly recommended
this is a good product. it seems to provide good protection.
these are the worst wraps i have ever used. i am an esthetician and need durable wraps. these wraps snag so easily.after just one wash, they looked horrible, i had to throw them all away. they also do not hang right.
great quality instruments for those emergencies when you need to clamp off a 34;bleeder34;.
not accurate.... too tight on my wrist and sometimes had to restart itselfi had to return it for a refund so i could purchase a different one.
the replacement toothbrushes for philip's sonic was excellent price  quality  compatible with the toothbrush.  i would definitely buy again when i need them!
as a guy, exfoliating the skin is not an easy task and sometimes i get lazy maybe most of the time to be honest but after using the body bar for the first time  i was hooked! i purchased the the body bar  exfoliating body scrub loofah  moisturizing body wash soap 2 in 1 by bathing beauty. the body bar works amazingly well and the after effect with the shea butter, aloe,  vitamin e nourish and moisturize skin, it gently exfoliate the skin while deep cleansing. great for everyday skin care and all skin types. i highly recommend this product for guys and girls.
i got this hoping that it would take care of a stress incontinent problem that i sometimes have, but have use 5 of them and still have not found it to take complete care of the problem.  maybe i was expecting too much.  will keep trying to see if 34;user error34; is a reason for the product failure that i have experienced.
i use essential oils by themselves before my yoga practice and typically choose ones not diluted in a carrier oil. even then, the scent only lasts about ten minutes.this combination is just wonderful. clean, fresh, uplifting and balancing.great for men and women as its not floral.i put it on both wrists and found myself being drawn to its unique blend. there is something really captivating about it energizing yet soothing.
happy that it comes with a small booklet on how to stretch with it. rolling my back on this and hamstrings feels great! does a great job of decompressing spine. glad i went with this product. really hope it does not chip or damage easily.
these are packaged up really cute. that is pretty much where the positives end. they smell rather gross and all smell basically the same. if they get too wet they just disintegrate and disappear in seconds. there is very little scent released. in fact, i could not smell them at all while in the shower. after i got out i caught a whiff of very faint scent. but that is it. totally not worth it.
these are the best shower scrubs i have ever used ! i love them. this is my second purchaseof these. they are exfoliating.. but soft, and they larger up very nicely without falling apart. great deal.
love it. really helps with pain and strain.
no more powerful than the battery version!  if you are getting this because you love the battery powered one and want a little extra power, do not waste your money.  it is a wall plug in, with a cord, but it is an adapter and is really not better than the first one i got that uses batteries. i sent it back.  i do really like the battery version.
the daily supplements are great to take and hard to miss. they are somewhat larger than normal, and very condensed at that. they are easily the largest pill i have to take as a supplement that is not chewable.
even nicer in person than the photos, would definitely give as a gift, super cute
this product is fine so long as it is used properly. obviously this is my fault for not being extra careful. mixed up my regular solution with this bottle and lord well you can see what happened. yes it says on the label not to put in eye like that but the packages i think needs to change as it looks to much like normal solution. after research i have seen this has happened to others as well. i just wanted to warn people about being extra extra careful.
good supplement best vitamin c i have found thus far.
is little tight need to wear couple time fit okay.
i am in my late 40's and cannot see up close without my reading glasses. i recently purchased a vanity mirror for my bathroom with 5x magnification. i was horrified with what i saw! the wrinkles did not bother me  that goes along with age. but i have lots of blackheads on my temples! i could not see them before. i have used the acne tools  the ones that look like dental tools and they work okay, but those often leave behind temporary redness. and you have to be precise about the location because of the small tips. i found this ultrasonic cordless skin scrubber to be much more effective at getting rid of the blackheads! and it does not leave behind any redness! the end of it is about an inch and a half wide and it is able to scrape out the ugly blackheads. you can see the dirt and grime on the tip after you have used it. gross! now as far as the scrubber goes, it comes with a charger. once it is on, it has a vibration thing going on. it heats up a little bit, but not to the point where it is too hot to use or it burns. i just can feel a little heat from it while it is in use. there is a silicone cover to go over the metal end when it is not in use. i am thrilled to have found this!i received this for free in exchange for my honest amp; unbiased review. my thoughts amp; opinions are my own.
good product!
great taste and value. i highly recommend these to keep whole familys immune system strong during these uncertain times
as advertised. very useful.
i really like magic eraser and it has helped make products come clean when before there was no hope! since this product came out i have tried the 1.00 imitations that worked but crumbled in the process. so i went back to the original. and i am not too happy. i used this to get scuff marks off my daughter's sneakers and true, that is a big task but it crumbled and much more elbow grease was needed than i remember. i think that the ones with the blue scrubber side are better..  i will try them next time.
this stuff has a very strong fruity medicinal odor. it is not horrible, but it is so strong that a few squirts in the shower fills the whole house with the smell. it seems to leave the shower glass clean and clear, but i have used other daily products that worked better and did not smell so much. i will not be buying this again.
this sandalwood oil smells wonderful, i love it. it is not overpoweringly strong but it is strong enough to be smelled across the room. it also comes in a large leak proof glass bottle with a dropper included.
tastes like battery acid and dried puke.  just pay the extra money and get the capsules.i am no ninny when it comes to choking down gross powders, but glucosamine sulfate tastes like satan himself pissed in a pool of battery acid and drain cleaner, then dried it out and sold it as a joint supplement.
i absolutely love these masks. the design and colors are attractive to me. the material is thick and layered and they are comfortable to wear. these are perfect for the fall or the winter. they are made of 100 cotton and the current price of 14.99 for these two masks are a reasonable price at 7.50 each.
offering a 2 pack works well when there are multiple users in the household. this product also states that it contains the mother which apparently is the more effective type of acv to take. so far, i have taken acv with as well as without and have not had any noticeable differences. it has helped to regulate our digestive tract for both my husband and i, but no weight loss benefits. we are both mature seniors which i am sure makes a difference with weight loss benefits. the taste is comparable, slightly sweet with a mild acv hint. the size is smaller than most. the directions need clarity...2 or 3.
use this product to help with restless legs. seems to work well and for the price its better than picking up at the grocery store!
this blackhead remover vacuum is amazing. it has an app that you can download to access the 20x magnifying camera so that you can see it actually helping your skin. it is kind of cool to actually watch the blackheads, whiteheads and makeup particles being removed from your skin. it has great suction power. it is easy to use and takes less than three minutes to finish your entire face. it is made well and is durable and seems to be long lasting. this makes a great gift. i am very happy with this purchase. great value
bought for my dad who is wheelchair bound, and gets terrible sores. he is always complaining about the pain and we have tried at least 6 different foam and gel cushions. this is the first time he feels comfortable sitting! very grateful for such a great product, reasonably priced.
if you have small glasses like mine, it can be hard to find clipon sunglasses. these work perfectly. you might need to bend the outer clips to get them to fit over thick lenses, but that is no big deal. note that the sunglass coating does scratch relatively easy, so keep them protected when not in use.
i am an er right now. i work 1216 hour shifts. compression socks are essential and i have tried a ton and these are my absolute favorite
footstool was a great purchase and has been very helpful to me.  it is very steadystable and i feel safe using it.
this product smells great! it is very relaxing and it spreads throughout the house! i got this product with a discount.
you will love this sonic cleaner. it is waterproof and it is soft. it does a great job cleaning. oh, the purple version is a special edition which is no longer available and you can get it now in black or pink only.
one squirt is all you need to cover up bathroom odors!  not loaded up with chemicals and fake smells.and one squirt means it lasts far longer than all the other sprays!
for a basic eye mask of this style, it is attractive, budget friendly, and are well made. blocks out light via not only the outer material but also an internal piece of flannel stitched in. i am not sure why it has a pocket. nothing to come out. perhaps to add your own additional padding or black out material? no idea.not adjustable, but there is a lot of stretch. how loose or tight this fits depends on your head. i think it would be easy enough to make an adjustment to smaller size with a couple of quick stitches and i am not one to sew.  i like that it is not adjustable because usually the adjustable part snags my hair, or i can feel it against my head.however, it being a little large to start is good because i have a large head. my head measures 23.75", this fits me without feeling too snug. most feel way too snug. but at some point in night i did not like the feel. not sure why yet.material is nice, stitching is good, comfortable when first on. over course of night i could feel some pressure. i eventually took it off. i think these will be used for the occasional nap or when i need to just rest my eyes. for me, i think the pressure is due to the use of slim elastic and the opening to that pocket area. i can just feel it at some point. most all eye masks use slim elastic and what it does for me is create pressure across eye area where it pulls on the material through there. but since this is not too snug feeling, i think it has more to do with that crease where the pocket it. more material to smash against my face.so initially comfortable but then turns uncomfortable. your experience may vary.quality overall seems fine. love the 3 pack. love the floral design of the ones i selected. it just is not quite for me, sadly. i will try it a few more times. if i experience anything else, i will let you know. in the mean time these are just "ok". hence 3 starsoddly, my favorite sleep mask is one that no one else seems to like, lol. i keep waiting for it to come back so i can buy another, or maybe i will figure out a way to make one for myself. i am linking it in case you too have a big head and are bothered by the pressure of the slim elastic. or at very least can see what i mean by largewide elastic.httpswww.amazon.comdpb07rjqgv61
they look nice but they are hard to put on and they do not stay up. too tight for me. i prefer the 1020 mmhg.
full disclosure i totally thought this was a joke. i saw the image in the description of the ironic hipster holding a green smoothie and thought this was a 34;soylent green34; type gag gift for your literary friends who like a dark joke. turns out this is actually a legit meal replacement powder. boy i feel silly, having a giant tub of neutral flavored slim fast sitting on the counter forever now.
nice plates  napkins for a birthday celebration.
these are fantastic
it is essentially a velcrostrap waistband with a gel pack inside for heat or cold therapy. i ordered this to replace an old one i had that was no longer usable. this wrap is a quality product, and comes with a gel pack that is much larger than the old one i was using, which is great. you can also place smaller gel packs in the "pocket" if you wish, but so far i have found the larger gel pack that comes with it to be preferable. works great for lower back pain, gives relief in just a few minutes. easy to put on and remove as well. there are lots of these for sale here but this one is exceptionally good in my opinion.
nice lemony smell and taste, if any. easy to take.
this is a great case for purse or briefcase. comes in handy on a belt for outdoor hikes...would recommend for sure.
keeps everything organized and reminds me to take my pills.
was not exactly what i was looking for.
if you are not comfortable using gloves when handling clay and other artists materials, these are great! made of silicone, this set comes in 3 sizes. the small fits my pinky, the medium fits my index finger and the large is for my thumb. they have little dot nubs on them but you can turn them inside out for a completely smooth surface. reusable, washable so its eco friendly. comes in 4 sets of small, medium and large 12 total.
vegetable glycerin  or glycerol  is a clear ,odorless liquid that has a sweet taste. the liquid is produced from plants usually  palm oil , coconut oil or soy. it has many uses cosmetics, shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste. i use it in my  vapor juice or ejuice. in ecigs it is generally referred to as vg. it produces more vapor than propylene glycol, another component in ecigs. i find the 99 pure kosher vg is an outstanding product with an excellent price. i also use vegetable glycerin with essential oils and i make moisturizers and hair conditioners with it. it needs to be stores away from sunlight and has a shelf life between 12  18 months  shelf life does vary
i like it. only support you can truly boost back up when it lessens to resupport you. hand pump worked for about a yr and a half and then went. but i like it
like but do not love. wiggles around too much and causes fatigue in sensitive areas. use for no more than 4 hours a day.
this cordless auto curler is horrible. it did not have instructions for how to put my hair into the curler so i watched a video of a similar curler. i put a small piece of my freshly washed, combed hair over the section to curl my hair. i pushed the button to curl my hair, the section that rotates in the middle grabbed my hair but not all of it at once. my hair got caught in the curler and i had to pull it to get my hair out. it damaged my hair.the box comes with a curler, a base, and a power cord. it has vague instructions when it comes to actually put your hair into the curler. it does have instructions on the different settings.i will not be recommending this cordless auto curler to family, friends, or even enemies
bought it for my son and he did not want to tell me that there was something wrong with the charging cord or battery.  i still have not heard back from the seller
i have been able to reuse them, it is a tight squeeze putting them back togetherbe careful, they do not fit all bottle inserts
works like a charm on my beret.
this filter is working fairly well in our shower.  hubs is not tall so it did not affect him, but i am tall and it comes to just a an inch or so above my head.  i can still take a shower but the shower spray is not as diffuse as before.  installing the filter was basically a nobrainer.  take off shower head, install filter apparatus even plumbing tape is included, put shower head back on.  we do not have a hard water problem here, but i like knowing a lot of chemicals are being filtered out.  i do not know how long these filters will last but i will be ordering more just to have on hand.
the perfect item for my emergency supply kit.  it fits perfect and built solid.  i filled a 5 gallon bucket with my emergency supply kit and snapped this on for the lid.  i am getting another for my rare camping trips.  no more squatting in the bushes!!
i am happy with the way this clipper cuts and the feature to be able to store clippings and emptyhoweveri thought that i was getting two different size clippers one for finger nails and one for toe nails that would be a larger size butthey are both the same size.i have not tried yet to see if they can cut toe nails easily or not.there were not any directions on how to empty but i figured it out just pull off the purple plastic covering.easy
this product is great but i was a little upset that the batteries do not work continuously...almost like there is a short in the battery compartment.
color is good,  stays secure in pocket.  that is all that matters
i would give this less stars if i could; stay far, far away.
too bulky to be woren as a necklace. i thought the stones were going to be small and suitable to be worn on the neck, they are too heavy on the neck. by the way, i am 6ft tall and muscular.
there are 20 gallonsized plastic storage bags in this box and each has a slider closure. the cowboys emblem takes up the entire front side of the bag as can be seen in the attached picture.what i like about these is that they expand at the bottom. in the picture, the bag contains two 17.63 ounce containers of marcona almonds and i had room to spare.  the expandable bottom ensured that these stand up on their own.  overall, i really like these. they do feel a bit thinner than other ziploc bags but not so thin that it matters much.these are great for storing nuts, cheese, crayons, a wet bathing suit, and anything else that can fit into a onegallon bag. at the current price of 9.99, this comes to .50 cents per bag.
these were terrible. neither my husband or myself could wear them they were so uncomfortable.  could not be adjusted in any way to be comfortable.
fantastic, just what i needed thank you
our goto balm for most things baby bum's, scratches, cuts, chapped lips and hands... so many uses!
if your mask hurts your ears, or is too tight, this is for you. it is an earsaver package of silicone extenders and ear savers. i like that they are adjustable. for those of us with really long hair, it is nice to put the strap along the back of our neck.
id give 5 stars, but this does not moisturize very well. need to reapply often. i have been looking for a good vegan lip balm that works as well as burts bees, but this is not it, unfortunately.
easy to use gloves and helpful with washing dishes! i was concerned about the size as i have small hands and these are one size but the kind of hug your hand even if they are bigger then id need they stay on well!!
they work great i had trouble before i ordered these strips my mask would not stay n my head. i ordered these connecting strips and i am. very happy .
i have used milk thistle in a capsule form, in a tea form and in a glycerite but never in powdered form.  i mixed some into some warm soup and in a smoothie and found it a great way to use it.  i know it discusses baking with it but i am pretty sure at those temperatures you would be compromising all of the antioxidants they take such care in preserving so i do not recommend it.  i liked that it was organic, gmo free and packaged well in a resealable bag.  i felt it was a good value for the amount of the product you get in the bag.
they are not terrible. with such a small amount, i can gulp it down quickly. i actually had to go to look up what predigested hydrolyzed protein was. it is protein that has been reduced to the amino level. at that level, it is considered predigested and more easily absorbed.
it works ok.  nothing replaces goddards, it was uniquely effective.
i really like these but i took off one star because they are very heavy.
i do well in it did work pretty well, not sure if ill buy again
these fg clean wipes are great for cleaning so many things and have so many other uses, as well. they clean very well without harsh chemicals and without leaving any lint behind. they do not tear apart like paper towels, they are more like thin indestructible fiber cloths.i have kept one in my oil box and have been using it for several days to clean my essential oil diffusers. just washing them with soap and water does not get all of the residual oils out, but these cloths do. i am sure that one cloth will last for quite a while. i am also keeping one on my nail table to wipe my brushes clean when using poly gels and other liquids. if i get anything on it, i can shake it off in the trash and put it in my led lamp, so the polish or polygel can cure and i can continue using it as long as possible. i have taped one to the inside of my new led nail lamp, so that the bottom of it does not get dirty with polish or other nail enhancement liquids or gels. i have used a couple of them to do a quick clean of my refrigerator, inside and out.i know i am missing some things, but they are just so many uses for them. these are wonderful cloths and i absolutely recommend them!
i normally would not rate tissue but these are fabulous!  should have gotten earlier in the year!  these are so soft and heavy? wmoisturizing.  soon as you touch one you will feel the difference, seriously.  absorbent and can also use to take off makeup..especially that old mascara under yr eyes .  these come in cube boxes which are better suited to my house and how many people need a box in their rms.  getting 1 big box at a time is a time  my energy saver.. too in the long run.  could of used these for our summerfall allergies, poor noses!
the only bag out of the three that has any major decoration is the red one in the center, which has the more 34;3d34; stockings. the other two are simple and have no 34;pop out34; decorating. they are simple and boring and would cost 2 at any store. this is not worth the 12 i paid.
i bought these for a home office because i could not see the yellow highlighter on my paperwork under the light from "warm" cfls.  definitely a much whiter light than you might be used to the "gas station minimart" look that another reviewer mentioned, but you can get excellent results if you put one of these and one "warm" cfl in a 2bulb fixture. they are the same size as a generic 100w light bulb, so they fit any fixture; but note that they are a bit slower than most cfls to come up to full brightness, maybe 30 seconds or so.beware the miserable factory packaging a tightfitting cardboard box with zero padding.  i ordered a 2pack, which arrived with one bulb broken. amazon took them back and sent a replacement, and again one bulb arrived broken.  i am going to get a third package, but this time i will hold on to the one good bulb, so i can send back two broken ones. assuming they do not send me two broken bulbs, which is a distinct possibility.  this is despite plenty of airbag packaging from amazon  i suspect they are being busted further up the supply chain.compared to costco's 8pack prices on "warm" cfls, these are relatively expensive, but with 50 losses in shipment i suppose they have to charge twice as much.
i did not like the feeling of these straws on my tongue. they are not perfectly smooth. i am not going to use these straws.
absolutely love this! was a bit hesitant about it using the cordless feature but it held a strong charge for the entire process of grooming my extremely fluffy dog. love that it came with different clipper  settings , nail clipper and file, comb, and sharp scissors. be aware it does not have the outlet adapter but you can plug as its a usb charger and i just used my iphone plug to charge it.  its also not too loud and my dog remained calm during the process.
ok, so i have to say that my intended use is not what these are marketed for, but the are still exactly what i needed. i have some smaller fish tanks in my home and have had great difficulty in finding good cleaners for the sides of the tanks that are small enough and will not scratch. these work wonderfully for the purpose. the sticks are plastic, not paper, so they do not disintegrate and are reusable if cleaned appropriately. very pleased.
i live near a train yard.i like having a nice background noise to sleep by.the sounds are nice but i do not use all of them.i picked a favorite and that works for me.a few of the sounds are a little to 'crisp' and would be better if muffled. or if the unit was at a distance, perhaps in the hallway.
no support at all. better off getting the whole foot support
i will date myself here, i have been a packers fan since vince lombardi days  lol. you you can surmise i was thrilled that ziploc has packers storage bags  easy choice to make.
so far so good.  my husband, who does smoke has had a lot of congestion since getting over a cold a couple months ago.  when i was looking for an nac product, this one had excellent reviews.  i bought some for him a couple years ago but he complained it made him cough too much!  so this time, i went with 600mg.  he took them twice a day with a meal to avoid stomach upset. no problems there. taking one at dinner time did because him to cough a lot at nighttime thus affecting his sleep which then turned him into a bear!  so, he only takes one a day with his lunch and actually takes it without griping!  so far, he has been able to breathe much better and producing a lot more phlegm. i know, i know that it would be far better to just quit smoking!! maybe someday? also, these pills have no odor!!!. but for now, this product is working to help him and would definitely recommend.  one disappointment though was i had received a promotion from the company when i received the product for a 25 amazon gift card to apply for after using for a week.  i was to go to their website and give my review to receive it.  their website does not exist.  that was a bummer!  but overall, happy with the results of this product so far!
works great holds well
slides around too much on the bottom of my foot
i use it in the shower and like it a lot.  my husband is letting me use it for awhile to see if it holds up.  if it does he will get his own.  update  i purchased another and both died before a year.  just stopped working without any warning at all.  when it worked they worked great but they die early.  disappointed
there are three rollon fragrances in this set of real love, citrus glow, and frankincense. i love the citrus glow as it has a fullbodied orange aroma. the frankincense is my next favorite, followed by real love which is my least favorite. i cannot describe the scents of the other two.i applied each to the inside of my wrists. unfortunately, the fragrance does not last long at all about one hour. the current price of 24.99 would be competitive if these lasted longer and if i liked all three scents. the citrus one is my only favorite.
i got this set about a week ago and my kid's eyes lit up when they saw them.  the enjoy playing with them a lot.  spikes on the balls are not sharp but give good sensory feeling.  the ball is light, squishy and bouncy and the rings are more heavy sturdy built but still have some flexibility to it.  i kept one set for myself to keep at my work desk to squish  smash when i am thinking or dealing with some stress.  my box came with the 3 balls and 3 rings all in the same 3 colors green, pink, and blue.  the box does show orange and yellow options so not sure if those are random or what but what i got matches the pics in the listing.  when i first opened, the new 'plastic' smell was strong but a week later, the smell has faded away and not a problem.  overall, good quality and very useful.  i can see these being used and lasting a long time.
you have to read the ingredients. i have been drinking this tea for three days. it has little if any  taste.  in respiratory distress, because i am allergic to oranges. i have hives in my throat, choking.from now on i will read the ingredients.
i ordered this on a thursday afternoon and it was delivered about 18 hours later!!!  however, i could not keep this on because my arm would sweat and the band slipped off!!  i found it uncomfortable, the velcro rubbed against my upper arm whenever i bent my arm.  i am really surprised that no one has mentioned the sweating!  the inside of the strap is rubber!!  i will be sending this back for a refund.
heps to distribute weight to take pressure off sciatica. comes with nice cover.
arrived on time and in good condition.  this works great for cleaning oil and grim off your hands.  i would recommend for shops.  cheaper than other brands and work better.
love the aria, it was easy setup and works great.
very good product
i got these specifically to clean the interior of my car such as the door panels and center console. i did not realize how dirty they were until i used these.
this box is gorgeous and elegant and has diamond like etchings on it. it is also as sturdy as those colorful square boxes one can buy at home goods. the front flap magnetically closes. since it is a beautiful silver, no wrapping is necessary. the only problem i have is that it comes with a bow that looks like it has been run over by a truck with black marks across it  in many places see photos.to set this box up, all i had to do was unfold it. it is one piece and unfolds into the shape shown in less than a couple of seconds. there are no ugly creases; just a beautiful and sturdy box that can be used repeatedly for storage or for gifting. this particular version is the size of a small shoebox and will hold some lingerie or a small pair of pjs. the current price of 9.99 11.99 plus 2 off is competitive. however, until they fix the problem with the supplied ribbon, i recommend passing on this.
good file. much better than most others.
used for foot stability
love my go to gentle but cleans
not heavy! works great! wonderful price!
this brace is comfortable, and it fits into my lace up tennis shoes or work shoes. it stabilizes the ankle and lifts the toe, which prevents falls.i have ordered 3 braces, and this is the best.i gave a 4 star rating, only because the strap from the toe to the ankle was not holding after 5 weeks or so.the company is sending me a replacement at no charge. great customer service!update i changed my review to a 5 star, because the company sent a new brace, not just the strap.excellent customer service!
loved the napkins!!
this product is a life saver for my dad! no spills and no more risk of falling in the middle of the night when he wakes up to urinate.
very high quality light. i use it at my main sewing machine. makes a big difference. will definitely be ordering more to put at my other machines.
great replacement heads and great price.
yes you can buy peroxide for less money, but this is mixed to a 3 strength, and has a nice scent to it, so it saves a lot of time and effort.  does the job, good disinfectant.  unless you want to fool around with mixing your own, i would say just bite the bullet on this one.
when my generic ambien does not work i get out of bed and take these pills. then i am able to get to sleep in the next fifteen to thirty minutes. some nights i just take this along with my sleeping pills to give me a deeper sleep. when taking these natural sleep pills i find that i sleep through the night better. no waking up at odd hours of the night. i also notice i am less anxious about sleeping when i take two pills. you are not supposed to take more than two. these do contain maltodextrin if that concerns you. the herbsplants in this formula include lemon balm and passionflower.the rebecca reviewi received one free bottle for review purposes. this review is my honest opinion.
i love this!! previously i was using s tennis ball. this is a lot easier. i would pay more for slightly higher qualify. however, it still works well.
i put this on my sofa, i ran out halfway through because you need to apply two coats. the liquid is white and the bottle is white, so i did not realize it was almost empty. at a glance it looked like the bottle was still full, then i realized it was opaque. a lot more must come out with the sprayer than i realized!honestly, i have not noticed much dirt and waterrepelling qualities. i still have to use my bissel green machine to clean up spills. it helps the liquid pool up without totally soaking into the upholstery, but it is not 100 waterproof. however, in exchange for that, it is not stiff like scotchguard or anything. with the small quantity i would use it on something like dining room chairs. it took too much product to cover an entire sectional.i would not view this as a stain prevention method, but rather something that buys you time to clean it up with a stronger product.
solid, cool looking trimmer.  comes with 3 clip on bladecomb adjustments.  rechargeable lion battery, it lasts for 23 hours lit indicator.  single button. strong cutting.  trim the sideburns, trim the beard, eyebrows and cut designs in your hair if you want.  nice gift for the guys.
obviously they are not named brand heads. they are generic brand from another country. they are much softer and i am not sure how long they will last.  doubt i will buy again. they did fit my clarsonic mia just fine though. so no issue there.
it works, but i would' buy it again.
first  these contain soy. which means i cannot touch them because i am allergic to soy. the other folks on our hiking trip all tried them instead. why is soy required???3 out 3 hated the chocolate crisp cereal bars. all agreed they smell ok, but taste awful. there is a bit of a bitter aftertaste and a distinctly chemical type flavor to the sweetness. it was not like a diet cola nasty, but bad enough that none of the 3 would eat more than a couple of bites one time. i cannot give the remaining bars away.
coverage is good,
i really like this organic kale powder! it has a subtle taste in my organic protein shakes. i use it every morning along with frozen mixed berries or frozen tropical fruit. i put the powder into a mason jar that makes it easier to get into without getting it all over my hand.
works well on curling short hair
i discovered this at my local gymspa. i love it, just wish it was not sooooooo expensive!  i do not understand why it is so expensive, it is only coconut extract. i would love to find something less expensive...anyone know of something similar?
i take a liquid vitamin, but this product made me very ill! i took it with a meal, and about 5 min after ingestion, i became sweaty and vomited. i took it 3 other different times, per instructions and each time i became violently ill, throwing up. does youngevity have a money back guarantee?
can i go lower than one star?  i found these bars completely inedible.... and the taste vile. usually, when i do not like something, i put it out for the various critters in our area. i threw these away as i did not want to be accused of cruelty to animals. yuck!
i like it. one tip though  cleaning your face is not to be underestimated. i broke out after using this and it was not the fault of the product. rather, i brought up a lot of bacteria and spread it all around my face.
functions well, well made, good price, and you get two sets.
these comfortable gloves are perfect for doing dishes, so your hands do not get wet with the nasty water. they are comfortable, durable, and they look nice. they are also easy to clean.this pack contains two of the regular gloves, and two with the soft fuzzy lining.
these did not stick at all. they slid down into my shoes.
when you have to work from home, you need to make your chair more supportive and comfortable. this goes a long way to helpin.
i really love the light, clean smell of this cleaner.
it is kind of pricey, but fun for tracking your weight progress. currently bummed because the instructions advise that you not use this while pregnant  definitely something to keep in mind. other than that, it has a nice look and is super convenient for tracking weight alongside your fitbit.
blows every other foot file out of the water!!!
great quality product
keeps my house smelling wonderful. lasts a long while.
these adhere really well and stay put.  i will definitely buy again.
not good for thick hair! takes a long time doing small sections at a time! however curls come out very nice if you have the time!
holds both of my epipens.  seems pretty sturdy.  i added a carabiner so i could attach it to my backpack.  i like that the color stands out.edit i have had my original for 6 years now and it is just now starting to show wear.  it is held up really well.  i am ordering a new one to replace it and hopefully it lasts just as long.  very happy with this product!
works ... good value for the price
taking trim probiotic for women has definitely made me feel better overall. i have taken probiotics for quite a while now and i always look for ones with a high cfu. 25 billion is a great number. i do not think they have made me any trimmer, but i think i have had less bloating overall. the serving size is one pill per day. easy peasy. 50 for a month's supply is not the most affordable, in my opinion, but i do think this is a good product.
as someone that takes a lot of supplements,  i was interested in adding artichoke to help with lowering cholesterol and calming a sensitive digestive system.adding artichoke is kind of a no brainer, since most people tolerate it very well, side effects are rare and often more of a coincidence unrelated to taking this supplement.i also take tart cherry and licorice, as well as a turmericginger combo.episodes of gerd are less and less, fingers crossed for my next blood work.
pretty good
this is a great quality probiotic strain that really can help with so many issues. for me, it helps with autoimmune inflammatory issues so much! i am really happy with how well these work.
was so uncomfortable, i sent it back.
thought they were going to be pure.  copper. package states they are stainless steel
not sure why this product was even invented when any soap and water will do the same thing.  i washed a green acrylic paint stained acrylicbristle brush in this and it did not get rid of very much of the green paint.  i went back to my regular hand soap and hot water to get rid of most of the rest of the paint.  too bad, its less messy than my method, but not as functional.
i have been using this product for years and it surely does what it says it does! i use this item daily as i have sore gums  wear dentures  i must say that benzodent does the trick.
i wanted to buy a good pair of ear plugs for attending concerts and live shows, which i do frequently. i was torn between these and the etymotic research er20smc plugs so i ordered both. they are very similar especially in terms of sound quality most will not notice a difference, although i do believe i prefer the downbeats soundwise,but the dbs are far more comfortable in the ear. i recently went on a trip and could not find my dbs, so i took the etys and also realized that they are even more uncomfortable when laying, unless you sleep on your back. i prefer the case on the etys as it opens and closes quietly, but performance and comfort are the most important qualities in ear plugs. my friend also tried both and prefers the etys, but only because he fears the short downbeats will get stuck somehow. ha.
decent boost, great flavor, unusual in most preworkouts, will buy again
so this smells like watermelon and it smells wonderful. a little goes a long way because it is a little strong but it smells delicious
they do not fizz at all. not a good scent either
when i read mini dustpan, i thought this one would be a little bit smaller than it is. it is pretty small but i was hoping a little smaller. i do like it though and it is very versatile. the pan makes collecting the dirt easy. the brush has a brush side on one end and a squeegee side on another. this is perfect for making sure you get all the dirt.i like that the brush neatly stores within the pan. in addition they give you a small little brush that works very well in cleaning out dirt from your keyboard or other small areas. i actually use this for cleaning out the cage of my flying squirrels, it makes a job that usually takes me closer to 5 to 10 minutes a 1 minute task.the materials are also perfect that if they ever get dirty you can just clean it easily with soap and water.
this is actually really easy to use. the pictures are from our first attempt with a small watermelon. the slices were nowhere near perfect but still it was easier than using a knife. the rubber grip helps a lot if you get juice on your hands and the whole thing feels solid. the melon baller was ok but would actually work better on a cantaloupe or something firmer since it is a bit on the small side.i received this in return for a review. its doubtful you will get picture perfect results without a lot of practice but it does make it better and easier.
purchased these for my 92 yr. old dad. his room is tiled and these keep his feet warm and allow him to make trips to the bathroom without having to make the effort to put on slippers. these are not carried in walk in stores and so thank you amazon for carrying these. i have purchased over 1 doz. pairs in the last few years.
like this product though i had to do a trial and error to figure out the different settings.  i also found out what a mask is in japan and ordered some face masks online as the result, though do not use the massager with them.  certainly less expensive than a few of the other options out there.  the english translation in the booklet could be a little clearer.
they break easily. i keep getting packs that have bulbs with exposed wires and detached bases. other than that, they work really well. perfect daylight balanced bulbs, very bright. i replaced my entire house with these bulbs and surprisingly my utilities bill decreased
i ordered these because they were clear not knowing they had no screw on caps.  the lid is the cap and has a rubber seal so they do not leak.  it is just so nice not having 3 pieces floating around while they are drying in my bathroom.
very firm,smooth, good quality.  i use as an exercise for balance.  it is supposed to strengthen leg muscles.
has helped my husbands stomach
this lash curler has  teeth  along the silicon. they seem to help with after mascara lashes. it separates them and gives a more natural look. really affordable and does the work. comes with multiple replacement which is appreciated.
i love this combination of kelp and potassium.  i was feeling tired most of the time and after only using it for 2 days, i can feel an increase in my energy level.  excellent if you use sea salt or a salt with no iodine to replenish the iodine your body needs.
little pricy but gives me the opportunity to salute the "queen of bengazi" every day, thanks!!
the problem is that they wear out in just a week or so.
i have been taking magnesium for several years to help ward off leg cramps.  this formula is the best i have found.
elevated toilets are very expensive and hard to find. this innovative product solved my problem and you cannot even notice it is there! my handyman installed it in 30 minutes and i am much the better for it as the old hips are not what they used to be!
a friend recommended this product for bruises. it works! i sprayed the bruised area and rubbed it in, then sprayed a bandage and placed it on my arm overnight. i did that 3 nights in a row and the bruising was gone! my bruises usually take over 2 weeks to finally fade away. this stuff really does the trick! i am thrilled cuz i hate those old lady bruises! they look awful. now when i bang my arm or hand ill just use this stuff. highly recommend!
this will definitely cover both upper and bottom denturel, but the container is not leak proof. it is to be used at home and not for storing dentures while traveling unless stationary.
no vitamins what so ever!  must of read somewhere that it was the best bang for your buck though!
we had rust stains on our countertop from our metal paper towel holder. they are gone!! it took 5 minutes for the pink stuff to do its job. wow!! never thought the stains would go away and they disappeared easily. thank you for this amazing product! i wish i would taken a before pic!
not worth anything, kind of keeps it cleaner but barely, plus makes it even harsher after a few bowls
but did not fit my eyelash curler. i did not realize they were not all the same size.
work perfectly in my sally hansen curler. the feel is not as nice as the original that came with the curler but i received a whole bunch of them for less than the curler which is how it should be. the ones i received were very colorful, pink, blue, green...no black. but i do not really care as long as they fit.
very good for muscle relief of neck, back, arms, and legs.
all of these socalled healing tools with heating elements seem to emit extremely high emfs. i am a supersensitive and this thing set me off as soon as possible. there is an awful odor that smells like burning wires that i could detect after a minute or so of heating. the pad was getting hot but i was feeling nauseated being near it so i pulled out the emf meter. both settings, one for electric and the other for magnetic, both fields were almost maxed out at various places on the pad. i feel scrambled just having done this experiment and had it on for less than 3 minutes. do not recommend that this would assist human health, i think the negatives outweigh the benefits. as far as i have seen, only medicrystal has a method to contain the dirty emfs and have a truly healing heating pad with crystals, and this looks like a direct ripoff of their designs.
as expected. they perform well. i have no complaints. they do say to sterilize before use. i got my normal span of use with them before needing a change. will repurchase.
i love this long wearing lip color. this shade is a somewhat lightmedium pinkmauve shade, but is not too light for my fair skin. i have difficulty finding cooltoned lipstick that is not too bright,  finding pinks  mauves that do not look rosy or peach on me. this is perfect with my fair pink skin with blue undertones. if i want a slightly darker shade, i mix it with another color.
these are almost perfect.  i have recently painted several rooms, cabinets  shelving.  i do not like having to go to the garage and haul in a big, heavy gallon of paint for a minor touch up.  i filled the tubes using the pumps which was easy  quick.  i used them once, wiped off the felt applicator  stored them in the hall closet.  i got them out again last week for more touch ups and 2 of the felt applicator tips came off.  i was not surprised as i read some previous reviewers had the same problem.  this really is not a huge concern for me as from now on, i will just keep a few of the cheap foam brushes next to the tubes.  i consider it a very minor inconvenience  well worth it to not have to go back to my old way of doing touch ups.  i will be buying another set.
while this is a good chair for watching tv, it is not very comfortable for longer use.  it is easy to assemble but not a good purchase for the price.
nice looking and very good quality
over the past eight months, i have tried a few different neck traction pillows. i have found they are all quite similar and accomplish the same goal, with only slight variations in design. this one, like most others, is made of a hard foam with just the slightest bit of give when you rest your head on it. its possible to use the pillow in either direction, one way providing a more gentle stretch, the other, a more intense stretch. this pillow does not have the bumps and nodes that some others have which are supposed to provide some acupressure and massage to your neck, though i cannot say that they make much of a difference for me. this pillow does, however, have a softer cushion in the center that makes it a little more comfortable on the back of my head. it is a very nice feature.if you are new to this type of device, go slow. when i first used one of these pillows, i could only lie on it for a few minutes at a time, but have worked my way up to 1015 minutes twice a day. i also recommend starting with the side that gives you the more gentle stretch. for me, using a device like this has provided quite a lot of relief to my neck and shoulders that tend to carry a lot of tension since i sit at a computer all day.if you are looking for an alternative to medication for some relief for back and neck pain, this is definitely worth a try.
let me start off by saying, i am from philly, home of the superbowl champs, the eagles !  dallas is not very welcome around here however, i do like to jab my husband every now and then.  i will be using these for tailgating.  we have season tickets so i will be taking these to a few games, just to freak people out.  i used one to hold some cut up watermelon and take it to work for a few coworkers.  it zipped and unzipped fine.  it did not leak and did not stretch.  when i unpacked it at lunch, there was not even a drip that came out of it.  for me, that is important.  i take fruit to work every day and also pack fruit for my whole family. i use smaller bags for them but i was treating some coworkers so i needed a large bag like this.  i used a bag to store some soft pretzels and put them in the freezer.  you really cannot go wrong with ziploc.  the only thing different is the logo on the bag.  it is really a beautiful star, dallas cowboys star. if you are a dallas fan or know one, this would be a great gift for them.  what i like about ziploc bags is the zipper.  i have had others that the zipper gets stuck and i land up breaking it and the bag is useless.  i used 4 of these bags and the zipper was easy open, and easy close and strong.  i have broken zippers by tugging too hard also.  these are great bags.  this is my normal brand that i buy and have always bought, without the dallas star lol
this is just plain great stuff. my hair, nails and overall improvement in health can attest to that! it tastes great and given enough time to dissolve into whatever you are putting it in, is nearly clear. it takes longer to dissolve in cold beverages than hot and if you do not mix it thoroughly enough it will get glumpy and stick to the spoon until it dissolves. patience, it is worth it. i highly recommend this product and have already made numerous orders. we even sprinkle it on the pet food for the cats and the piggy!
these work great for both reading and watching tv while lying flat. they are sturdy and comfortable, and make a great gift that is actually useful.
bought to clean the bottoms of my pool. works great!
great nail dryer
this diaper is very soft and well made. the velcro holds up thru washing and stays in place. it is 100 cotton and perfect for a short diaper free time to relieve a red bottom. however, it leaked through after baby peed once, so it is for extremely short use. i hope they make more absorbent ones because it is really soft and easy to put on and take off.
i grew up using hot water bottles when i had stomach aches or back aches. it is been harder to find hot water bottles though. this bottle is the same as i would used for years. it is easy to fill up and comes with an additional cover to prevent people from touching the bottle when it is too hot.  while many people do not use these hot water bottles, once you have used it when you are feeling poorly, you will see how helpful and comforting they are.  i rely on them when i am feeling poorly and waiting for medicine or my cure to kick in.
helps with a bed ridden person and you can warm them in the microwave.  they are also thick and cushioned.
beautiful and fun balloons but this should not be called a kit. its balloons. no strings and no sticks. i had to go out at the last minute to purchase the string.
this does work fairly well and after a bit of fiddling my problem not the curlers i got it working well. its still an extra step i do not always do just because of the extra time  getting set up, using it and putting it away  but when i want to go all out, this does a great job. its easy to use and does work.
wife and daughter use and are pleased, what else can you ask for.
in the bathtub, this product works great. it is much easier to use than the typical baby baths and can easily be used for an infant in the reclining position or an older baby in the supported sitting position.  i love the fact that this takes up less room and makes it much easier to wash the baby directly in the bathtub. the bottom seat part has rubber grips to prevent any sliding and the pillow portion floats nicely.my issue with this product is the fact that it holds a ton of water actually absorbs the water and then takes over 24 hours to dry. i do not know why it was not made to be waterproof considering it is used in a bathtub.  that said, it is still a great alternative to the traditional baby bath. it takes up less space and allows the baby more freedom to move around during bath time.
these are nice but i feel they are over priced.
while i love the convenience... it is a lot cheaper to make this yourself. the lime seems the most popular and it happens to be the easiest to make. you can buy redmond's real salt, use the fine ground popcorn variety, as your sodium. add some calm for magnesium and you can get potassium powder quite cheap. you can get true lime powder for the lime flavoring and use a packet of steviaerythritol for the sweetener.  voila! if you want the raspberry, just get some freeze dried raspberries and crush them into a powder and add a little.
perfect!!!!  i bought this for my daughter's dorm room.  she loves it!
i have a 2 and 4 year old. i am a nurse, and i love microbiology so i have studied which bacterias are commonly in the body, and which we need. this probiotic is very complete, and my kids are always very excited to eat one every night. they are chewable and have a good taste, i tried one myself beforehand. i have had issues with others i have trued because they refuse to take them, so its a huge plus.everyone should take daily probiotics, so overall i am very impressed and will keep purchasing them. definitely recommend.
easy to use
none of them were bent and its still hanging. ill be able to reuse.
great product. my family and i noticed less gas and bloating in just a couple of days after taking prebiotic.
i am surprised that this is still available.  not a surprise that is comes from england.  sometimes i want to clear my passages without the use of drying medications.  this temporarily clears nasal passages.
it was difficult to know if i was getting the right filter when ordering. the one i ordered did not match the one i took out of my filter housing, but, the new one is 10 stage and it did fit. i hate changing the filter. the company really needs to come up with a better design for ease of changing the filter.
great product,  price and fast delivery.
the wife made me do it.
although normally associated with men's health issues, especially those prostate related, pumpkin seed oil is a great supplement for both sexes. in addition to supporting the bladder and urinary tract, it is heart protective. it has powerful antiinflammatory properties and is frequently used as an antiparasitic. it helps with insomnia and depression.these capsules by natures bounty are fairly large but i had no difficulty swallowing them and experienced no unpleasant side effects. they are somewhat diuretic but i find that they do help me get a good night's sleep. my mother has sever arthritis and reported these eased her pain and stiffness. i take these as a preventative and am satisfied with this product.
these are great glasses to stash around the house because almost everyone can wear them, and 1.50 can help almost everyone but are not too strong. it is fun to have three different color frames, in colorcoordinated snug fitting protective cases. the frames are lightweight and comfortable. i do not expect them to survive being sat upon, for instance; the plastic feels like it would snap. but they seem like they are durable. i find that they are best for reading a book, or a computer, where you are not moving your head very much, because the focal point is fairly specific. once you turn your head a little bit, the focal point changes. more expensive glasses do not seem to do this. all in all, they are great for an emergency or  for instance  in the bathroom in case you need to read some fine print on a medication bottle, etc.
my wife love it. well built and less cost. great for travel and daily use
very nice product ..works great ..made very sturdy...great price would recommend this product to any one looking for a foot spa
this horsetail extract is potent. i did not realize that is it would give me energy. and it help relieve some joint and muscle pain within the hour. when i take it, i mix 18 tsp of it in the morning and another 18 tsp at night. be careful with this stuff it is potent. on my first dose of this i tested with 14 tsp and i was bouncing off the walls.i mix this with the following powders nettle root extract, curcumin extract, ginger root extract, boswellia, quercitin extract, acerola cherry, ashwagandha extract, and reishi extract; which act like a natural antiinflammatory and pain tonic.i am also taking this horsetail to help build strong bones due to the high silica content. horsetail is a great supplement for strong bones and teeth since silica is what gets converted to calcium in the body. so this way i allow my body to produce natural calcium it needs to build bone.i will be buying more when i run out and look forward to the long term benefits of horsetail.
i love these!  after wearing 'dollar store' readers for the last 4 years i decided i really needed something i did not have to take on and take off at church and at class.  these are perfect.  clear vision in both the 'plain' glass and in the readers i ordered in 200.style and classy............or so my grandchildren tell me!
these earring hooks are super comfy! they look fantastic and sophisticated, unlike some of the other products. it comes with all the essential wire colors! highly recommend!
handy to have the week ready to go or just grab out the day.  the outer case provides additional assurance the meds stay in place while packed.
price gouge much?
for the price, these will work.
nice product to have to accommodate bedside commode.
these are so convenient and work great!
seems to be a good ip6.
i have already after 4 days use noticed an improvement in the pain in my thigh.
i started taking this supplement about 2 weeks ago.  i have rheumatoid arthritis, as well as osteoarthritis in both knees.  recently, i have developed tendonitis in both shoulders, so i thought i would try this.it gave me the absolute worst heartburn ever!  i try to stay away from heartburn medications, but pepcid is my 34;go to34; for occasional hb relief, but even this would not relieve it!i will not buy again, nor would i recommend it to anyone.
duplicate, needed in two rooms, kids fight over stars no more!  thank you for posting sale.
one of the two pill organizers is small and the other is large. i ordered two of the large ones, but received two different sizes. annoying. last time i ordered two and got two of the same size.otherwise these gsk pill dispensers are nice  better than the cheap cvs version. although the cvs dispensers take less turns to open. these gsk organizers are better for traveling more sturdy.
this came and i ordered it off experiencing it from a friend's place. it is not as high as the old seat cushion i used but it is definitely better quality and comfortable cushion. it only has this one issue of a really weird smell. it smelled like it when it came, thought it would go away, and is simply a new product smell but has yet to go away. overall though, good product, do wish it had a thicker variation maybe it does and i missed it? however.
this brush is twosided. the only thing i like is that the bristles on the brush are relatively soft on the back. however, i would have preferred a larger head so that there are more bristles and larger puff.the other thing that annoys me is that the handle is too short and i have to stretch to reach my entire back. in addition, the rope loop in the middle of the brush is ridiculous and annoying during washing. why they thought this was a good thing to attach to the puff is beyond me. there is already a hole in the handle for hanging.a selfadhesive hook is provided for hanging although i did not use that.in summary, this is functional but is the least favorite back washer i tried so far. also, the current price of 14.99 is outrageous for this.
i really liked how this is a lot more comfortable than most rope. most rope is really rough on your skin, but this is really soft. it would be much tougher to get rope burn than with most ropes, but it holds really well, too. it is also easy to tie knots with.this is about 32 feet of rope, and so if you are going for some serious partner tying, then you probably need about three skeins to completely tie someone up.the ends are taped, and so they will eventually fray. if you plan on reusing this rope a lot, then you will want to burn the ends so they do not fray. it is not ultrathick, but this also means that it goes a lot farther than thicker rope.this comes in a few different colors, and i like red the best.prosvery soft and comfortableperfect for adult restraint funholds fast without injuryattractive rope and colorsconsonly 32 feet 10 metersoomph gave me this rope to review
this is not three ply, it is two. it is usable in an emergency, the texture is rough, but really just a novelty gift that will gather dust until it is regifted or thrown away. the printing is not centered per sheet so it loses some of it fun if it cannot be read or the emoji is half missing. still, as a gag gift it is good for a laugh. not much else.
best facial tissue manufactured ever in the course of human history! yes! i have tried them all, even those ones that leave wooden splinters embedded in one's eye and nose. ouch! that was the moment when i decided to buy puffs plus with lotion exclusively. i have accidentally washed  dry them  they never fall apart and ruin the wash load, as others do. fabulous tissue quality. will never use any other tissue. i love this tissue so much i subscribe. it was exceedingly well packaged and arrived on time.
super great taste and results are amazing.
i had this bench in my cart for months. i was not sure if i wanted to spend the money if it was not good quality. finally, i ordered it so i could have a place to sit and shave my legs in the shower. it is heavy and of very good quality. easy and fast to assemble. it is high enough where i do not have to squat to sit. it is perfect.
the next day upon  using the grabber it pinched my hand and i received a small cut from that, all told, the price is what attracted me so it did not sway me. i feel i got what i paid for, no more no less.
after seeing some reviews, i can honestly say that this product is probably not for overweight people.  i am a 5'2 130lb woman, and i loooovvvvveeee this cushion!! my butt and legs were going numb in my office chair, so i bought this. it feels squishy and soft, yet supportive. sitting on this makes me so happy!!! it is bouncy and fun and comes in a black zip cover.
this is so easy to use! it took me all of 2 seconds if that to check my temperature after reading the instructions. there is a quick start instruction sheet and then the full instruction and care booklet. you can check the ambient temperature of the room, as well as check your temperature via the forehead or the ear canal. i checked both and the reads were really close to the same temperature, and both so easy to accomplish. being digital is a big plus as well.it comes in a velvet bag for storage, and cleaning instructions are very easy, with no chemicals or alcohol necessary, just a wet cloth. i always have to use alcohol to wipe down my mouth thermometer, so that no germs are transferred. but this one does not touch saliva, so the concern of sharing sickness is minimal.i highly recommend this product.
great for icing my knee after acl reconstruction. lighter than the chatanooga.
love this product
it dissolves do nicely compared to other kava kava powders. i find that at a dose of 12 tsp, it is very mild again, milder than some other kava powders i have used, and creates a nice calm feeling. good product. good company.
bought this for my neighbor, and she loves it!
these are pretty large pill boxes. i can carry a week's worth of pills in one of the boxes. the plastic is pretty good quality. latch is not fancy, but feels secure enough.
very efficient!
i have this thermometer for 13 months and thanks god my kids are super healthy and they barely got sick. my daughter got sick yesterday and had a very high fever and this thermometer was like a joke. it gave me consecutive readings like 104.5  103.7  101.9 101.2 i tested both ear and forehead and no luck. i knew she had a very high fever but i wanted to know exactly how much, but with this thermometer that was not possible.i tried to call the customer service because they usually want to make the customer happy...but not this time.they told me that as the warranty expired one month ago and they could not do anything. i get that...but i just thought a 24 thermometer will last more than one year... so i guess i need to buy another thermometer, but i am not buying innovo ever again!
this product is great to put on every so often to try and prevent diaper rash. i like this product, too, as the smaller size is perfect for the diaper bag. i recommend! only have 2 pictured but it came with 3. and do not get confused, it is a smaller tube but as i mentioned, perfect for travel!
little to no taste.  i just added the powder to smoothies and it was fine.  did not really alter the taste of the smoothie at all.  the bag is a decent quality, but i find these fine powders sometimes get stuck in the zip lock so dumping them in a jar has been my preferred storage way.
looking forward to using this product in a couple of weeks.
trying to find a way to incorporate apple cider vinegar into our diets, what could be easier than gummies? they taste good and they are effective.
there is no research to suggest that cordyceps mycelium is medicinal. all the research is on the fruiting body or what most people actually think of as the mushroom.
i am surprised at how heavy and well made they are.  they really do what they state.  it is very easy now to lay in bed and watch tv without causing pain in my neck.  i did not really like reading with them, because i need reading glasses, so trying to wear two pair of glasses at the same time is just not comfortable for me.  my husband liked them so much, that even though he does not have a neck injury, he wants a pair, just because he said it was so comfortable watching tv laying flat on your back.
i used them for led light therapy. i wish they blocked more light out. they stick to your eyes so be careful! i pushed them down to block out more light and getting them to unstick to my eyelids was not fun. probably better for tanning?
so easy to dust furniture without long edges of a rag trailing behind. i love that my hand can grip curved edges and get each and every single bit of dust.
i have 10.5 straws. they are a great size for larger cups, but they are a little tall for my normal starbucks drink. i bought this shorter size so i did not have quite so much straw sticking up over my cup. this has been great and i do not feel like i might impale myself on my latte straw anymore. i have also used in a standard 12 oz can of soda and have been happy.what makes this set really stand out, compared to others i have purchased, is that it comes with the carry bag and the straw brushes. that is super helpful, especially if this is a first straw purchase.
the hotcold therapy pack is great, i mainly use it as an ice pack.  just strap it on and sit back and relax!
i am allergic to pretty much everything so these softener dryer sheets are a lifesaver! they do not irritate my skin at all.
the material of this toothbrush feels cheap and light but the performance was good. i think this toothbrush is more to use outside the house like in an office or traveling. it is portable by that i mean it is a smaller size than my regular toothbrush. the power was good and cleaned my teeth well.
might as well put this on subscription. use this all the time for camping and beach. i do not smell horrible and it makes my skin feel great.
saved me from getting seasick!
i use ziploc bags frequently because they make highquality products.  having the seahawks logo on the bag makes it that much more special in this washingtonbased home! clear bags are a must for attending games, plus, when you are making special gifts for fellow seahawks fans, this bag makes for a perfect presentation!  go seahawks!
this product looks cool and i thought i would like it. however its a bit difficult to open, and there have been several times where i have opened it and the meds have spilled out.
thank you
works well in foods and as a supplement.  i have used this product before and a little goes a long ways.
i have had it for about a week and so far so good, i think. you never know with cats though, you know what i mean? i love kittens but i cannot stand adult cats. so finding out that some random cat has been messing with my outdoor plants certainly does not help their because. i thought about buying a zapper mat or motion detector spray but neither is workable for outside, and although i personally hate cats, i am the only one in my family that feels this way so i thought this would be more humane. it smells like big red gum to me  i am very happy that it does not smell like a bunch of disgusting chemicals  and because it can be used outside and is safe for plants and is supposed to stick around even if it rains, it seemed perfect. also, i hate the thought of me having to invest any money into cat related crap so this seemed like the most economical choice too. i sprayed it every night the first 3 nights, including one night when it rained, and then i forgot to spray it the next day so it is been every other day since. so far my plants have remained untouched but i have no idea if it is because of the spray or because the stupid cat just has not been around to harass my plants yet. if my plants remain untouched after a month, i think i will be convinced and begrudgingly buy this spray again when i run out.
these look better for men instead of women
these are not 100 effective but they are more convenient, long lasting  durable than anything you can make. they do not last forever, though. eventually the filter will get pretty stinky and you will want to replace it but for this price  how long you can use it, it is still worth the investment.
i have had insomnia for 2 decades.  its bad enough when it happens at home but it always happens while on vacation in a hotel, even when i am in a room far from elevators, snack machines, etc.last week we went to atlantic city for a few days.  i was lucky enough to get a room away from both the elevators and snackice machines but i knew that would not be enough.  i took a silk sleep mask and the pair of earplugs that came with the masks along and hoped for the best.on the first night, i was exhausted from driving and walking around all daynight, yet i could not sleep. then i remembered i had packed the mask and ear plugs so i climbed out of bed and got them from my bag.  boy, did the mask make it nice and dark!  the earplugs blessedly gave me total silence as well! i did not fall asleep immediately, but sleep did come and that rarely happens for me on vacation.  i usually spend the first one or two nights wide awake. what a nice surprise to actually be able to get a few hours of sleep.the mask darkened the room tremendously. even the next morning when i woke up to a sunny, bright and cloudless day the room was still dark for me thanks to the mask.  the mask was nice and soft and the mask itself was comfortable. the band that went around my head was very tight and took a bit for me to get used to.  the earplugs did a glorious job of drowning out my husband's horrific snoring.  on the second night, i was able to fall asleep fairly quickly and stayed asleep through the night, thanks to the mask that kept the light out of the room and the earplugs which, by the way, are very comfortable and flexible and soft , that kept the horrific snoring sounds as well as the maid's cart noises from the hallway silent!so glad i had the mask and earplugs with me. i was actually able to sleep while on vacation and rest and relax thanks to them
this is comforting, was not into the music. it was nice that this came charged right out of the box so you could use it right away. unfortunately, it has an older usb port.
works well on most surfaces !
i have tried a few different facial scrubs and was very disappointed in this one.  i have another tube of "scrub" similar to this one that i refuse to use.  i will be purchasing my favorite real scrub when my current tube is nearly out.  it is about half gone now so it should not be too long.  what i like about my facial scrub is that it has plenty of "scrubbies" in the paste that i put on my face.  that way i can get all the dry, flaky skin off my face, clearing the way for new, clean skin to be washed with a gentle soap and then moisturized with a light facial oil.  i have dry skin as i am older  i do not have "dual" skin with oily and dry patches.  i have dry skin, period.  the "scrubbing granules" in my favorite facial scrub ensures that all the old skin is gone.  this product is so wimpy  it has barely anything scrubby in the paste meaning i would need to use about half the tube just to get enough scrubbies on my face to get rid of the dead, dry skin on my face especially on my forehead and around my nose.  just not worth it for my particular skin.
i have no idea what bilberry does so let me say that first!  we take these for general eye health and vision issues such as night blindness affected us people who are older .  the lutein and the zeaxanthin were both recommended by our eye dr.  there are 60 in this bottle so it gives a one month supply to us.  both are made from marigold extracts!
good product , do the work
first, let me start off by saying i did not have this for more than a night. i returned it quite quickly. it smelled quite toxic, which possibly could of faded with time, but i was not interested in waiting for that. on top of this, i just was not comfortable for me to sit on. it is quite firm, and it raises you a bit more extensively off of whatever you are sitting on than i thought. just not for me, plus it is rather expensive.
great product! relieves upset stomach as well as heartburn.
i used these inserts to reduce the volume on a shoe that had a bit too much room in the toebox.  i followed the included directions cutting the insert to size and then used a hair dryer to heat mold them inside the shoes be careful if doing this on shoes with plastic parts, the ones i was using them in were leather so molding them in place was not a concern.  after molding they fit and feel great.. recommended!
very good, and clear sounding speaker. it definitely works better than i thought it would. it has several different sounds that was not expected. great purchase.
the addition of this pad took our 15 year old massage table to the next level. while i would have liked for the pad to be a little thicker, it is a great value and we are very happy with it.i think it would easily fit a larger table and it is advertised to fit up to a 34" x 76" table.we have only used the cool side so far.
good product.  just need to be careful to line the battery with the charger 34;prongs34;  or will not charge correctly.  exactly what we needed for our phone!
i had been using emjoi battery operated micro unit for years. had tried others but they do not come anywhere this companys products. when i saw this was available, i could not wait to order! quick, efficient, and does just as prescribed. one of my favorite purchases!
i was not to happy with this purchase as it is just too hard and not comfortable.  if you are not using it as a neck roll then perhaps it would work for you, but if you are it would not be the right purchase.
these last about 1 hour of continual comfortable hear.  about 1 inch across.  all these types seem pricy for a chinese product
we bought this to keep the horde of feral cats in our neighborhood from using our front yard as a litter box. we followed the directions and even extended the daily application by 4 days but  it did very little to deter them from using our mulched area as a bathroom. if keeping wild cats out of your yard is your intended purpose for this spary, my experience is that it does not do the trick.
reasonably priced and a great natural supplement to help ward off bad things.  super fast shipping too!
this fish oil comes in well packaged and sealed as well as clear in its 50day quantity as well as expiration date and various other contents. the fish oil capsule slowly melts in the mouth and it tastes delicious.
love it came on time works great and no complaints fantastic
these are exactly as described and what i expected herb combo, size, heat delivery. so if the description suits what you think your after then do not hesitate. arrived quickly and well packaged. i appreciate the inclusion of paper shields for ifwhen desired or needed. i thought it was a decent price too.  if you are not experienced with this sort of thing you should do some web searching for videos on moxibustion treatment or have your acupuncturist show you ...there is a lot of good info available. these light very easily  just as expected.
puffs are very low quality. thin and not nearly as soft as other lotion tissue. the price was not much different, so i feel the value is low. buy kleenex or one of many store brands that are far better quality.
bought this for a friend and it works great. also try looking for a shirt with drain holder pockets. the mesh holder is good but my friend uses a ziplock bag for the shower and then puts them in the mesh bag. maybe try to find something water resistant to avoid getting too much water on them?
love these  finally a place for larger pills
i got this as a gift for my nephew who is struggling with depression and medical problems. the black tourmaline is perfect to cleanse his space of negative energy and will promote healing. he loved it and really enjoyed spreading out the branches and leaves to his liking. this is a great gift and the black tourmaline is beautiful.
i have fibromyalgia and use this to loosen up my shoulders and relief the pain.  it works very well.  you need a small amount so the tube last longer than you think it would.  the smell is very strong when you put it on my cat runs from the room but gets very light quickly.  just make sure to wash your hands immediately after use.
i was not impressed with this set  the minute i removed this stainless steel roller from the box, the roller part fell off the rod! this is a stainless steel roller, not a natural jade stone, so it is heavier and the handle appeared unable to support the topheavy roller. the gua sha silver "stone" was alright, but the roller was obviously not made well if the head broke off upon first use. i used a pair of pliers to fix it, but am not impressed. i think i will stick with the natural jade stone or rose quartz ones.
perfect. i have been using it for the last 6 months and works as advertised.
got for my daughter it helps her so great buy
no dislike at all. love the toothpaste
i have issues with my feet. a chiropractor showed me how to relieve the pain by using a golf ball and rolling it around with the area of my foot that happens. these inserts help prevent that from happening and i can do without the golf ball.
i sprayed a biking backpack that i wear when i ride my bike.  i often carry food and a lot of stuff in it and it always gets grimy.  i washed it once in the machine and it did o.k. but i decided to spray it all over with this spray.  it went on fine.  the family said it had a smell but i could barely detect it.  i had enough to lay on two coats with some left over.  i have not used my backpack yet but i needed to get a review up in time so i will update it if i think it does not work as advertised.
these are stabby
this has helped our 4yearold son, who is displaying some signs of autism, tremendously!  since beginning the fish oil, he is sleeping better, having more regular bowel movements and fewer accidents in his underwear, talking more, playing with toys more appropriately and answering questions without simply repeating the question back to us.  the flavor is wonderful and does not taste fishy at all.  i mix it for the kids in yogurt and they gobble it down.  this fish oil has truly made a remarkable difference for us and we will be customers for life!
the gooad dog clippers work well and are surprisingly quiet. this is great when trimming as my dog is skittish. the rechargeable batteries and extra attachments make this a great value.
while it did not miraculously make my teeth as white as snow, it did make them a bit lighter. the instructions it comes with leave much to be desired. they are very vague. it comes with whitening strips packets, the light machine and silicone teeth mold. first thing to do, you have to open the battery holder. there is a paper disk between two flat batteries to prevent them from running out since the button on the top is so sensitive, small accidental touch will turn it on.the strips come in two sizes  short and long. i tried both sizes on both sets of teeth and determined that longer goes on the top teeth and the short one goes on the lower teeth. it would have been nice to have it confirmed in the instructions. the whitening cycle times vary from 3045 minutes with the requirement not to eat or drink one hour afterwards. the whitening light machine shuts off every 10 minutes on the dot, as if to remind not to leave it in too long. first time my teeth felt tingly and slightly cool, but then nothing out of ordinary happened. since it has to stay put in there for a while, the saliva that collects behind the teeth has to go somewhere. i swallowed it. it was not overly unpleasant with slight traces of something. it is ok whitening kit, but it does not perform miracle.
i wanted something a little bit different, these are just right...
anything with gerry in it gets 5 stars automatically. d it arrived quickly and in good condition, which is always a concern with printed materials.
i have read that glyconutrient therapy helps punch up the immune system to ward off viruses. i am all for this and was also looking for a supplement that will help level out our blood sugars. since taking this product i cannot say that it is a miracle drug of some kind, but can say that my blood sugars have remained normal when before they would periodically read high and i have not come down with a cold or flu knock on wood. so, is it working ? i would have to say so. it is kind of like 34;elephant repellant34;. if you spray some around and never see an elephant.... is it working ?
using this on my 6 month old baby for nebulizer. works great.
product seems well made. i have the one with extra padding. the bad part is the strength of the massage  its simply too low. its weaker than the handheld massage devices in my opinion. i cannot see how anyone with a serious ailment gets any relief from this. even at highest settings i did not feel it to be effective and heat was not working at all or felt like it.does not look like it will be comfortable or recommend to put it on a sitting position. this also occupies considerable amount of space so if you have people sitting at same location you will need to move it each time.
these are super cheap plastic! the head does not even move just the handle! not worth it!
returned for a shorter half roll. this was not the right roller.
one of the better variety of balance bars varieties. super yummy, candy bar like! i almost wish i had never even found or tried these because they are almost too good.
great product.  it works great  easy to use. must buy!!!
i was amazed at it is performance, but i decided not to buy it instead something else, no biggy
fits better than the knockoffs, but pricey since model is discontinued
so the pump did not come with the package.  personally i do not care because i have other ways to inflate the bowl.  but because people that may not have that ability this really pisses me off.  very unfortunate because the device does work if you can inflate it.  fyi, my husband is disabled and bedridden.  i am 15 years younger than him so i worked thru this issue.  but if you do not have that ability do not buy this item.
i put one in my tiny office and another in my living room to help with cigarette smoke and animal odors.  i have not noticed one bit of difference in the smell of my home since i put them in.  i gave them two months, and now of course, cannot return them.  there is absolutely no change in either room and both rooms have no change in the air quality.
based on the good reviews, i was hoping this would be better. i have a herniated disc between l5 and s1. this product is very large and very hard. it hurt my back so i will be donating it to a friend's father who is in a wheelchair.
will see if the duration was worth the investment. product works  just need to determine cost.
these socks are great. the fabric is soft, smooth, lovely; feels really nice next to my skin. i love how colorful  fun these compression socks are because all i have found up until now were just drab tan, black or white stockings that looked hideous. just because i have peripheral vascular return issues with my lower extremities feet, calves does not mean i want to look so frumpy wearing the traditional compression hose. these are so cute, bright  colorful. the only downside is that i am wearing these due to leg swelling  when my calves are real swollen which is often unfortunately, the design on some of these socks gets stretched out, causing you to lose the very thing that makes these so pretty. the design stretches enough to where it looks blurry to completely lost on some designs  not so colorful. this has not happened on all the socks i have purchased from this maker, i have about 6 pairs, but definitely on some. if you are on the thin side or do not experience much swelling, this probably will not be a problem at all. a solution to this would be if the company made them in a couple of sizes, like small  large.
works great.tip do not advance the dosage too fast or it can make you sicker as it activates dormant detox pathways. and do not give up on it if you feel worse. just cut back until you find the easy safe dose, then let your cravings for it control your intake from there. your mind will think about it and taste crave it when it is time. use this with remyte, it works well together. their other product do not make much sense to me, ymmv.it tastes exactly like magnesium chloride, so i do not believe the seller's claim that chloride is removed.
arrives in an extraordinary wellengineered conformal package. the pictured box arrives within a box. kudos to the productdesigners who chose this outstanding packaging method.the oil quality is the lightest i can recall and absolutely tasteless. the glass bottle and stopper are countertop accent quality.much better than expected. topquality.was my review helpful? if so, click "helpful" so i can know.
absolutely fantastic.  i use it daily when i shower.  great relief for dry, itchy skin.
excellent product! mixes beautifully well with water, making it easy for onthego portability. i have also blended it with fresh strawberries, as well as fresh blackberries, for a twist on lemonade. this will be a regular item. tastes great, especially when it is hot outside. would highly recommend it!!!
this could be a useful mini razor for traveling. i say "could" since i cannot say how well it shaves  i was never able to get it to turn on. i initially thought it was shipped with a discharged battery, which is sometimes the case with rechargeable products. however, after letting it charge for a few hours, it still would not turn on. the shaver got rather warm while charging, and the charge indicator light turned on, but those were the only indications of life.the design is something i have not come across before. it is a rotary shaver, but the heads are arranged in a straight line. the heads are smaller than is customary on a rotary. the construction is all plastic and feels rather cheap. still, it has some nice grip points and feels pretty good in hand. as a travel shaver, the lightweight nature and the smaller size could be plusses.since it failed to turn on at all, the only rating i can give is 1 star. a shame, since i would have liked to see the shaving performance of the lineararranged rotary heads.
mounting bracket would not tighten because the material is too weak.  i bent the bracket to fit tighter, but it just bent back when tightening.  i finally screwed the bracket to the column by drilling and tapping.hooks for the basket were too tight to install it.  had to be reshaped to be functional.
ordered wrong one but still can use it
this is the best product in the market. i swear by it. just like the people on the 'my big fat greek wedding', i always say 34;did you put some glycerin on it?34; my pimple.... put some at night  over night it reduces the swelling and makes it ready to 34;pop34; in the morning. i do not even dilute it with anything...
i like it! despite some reviews i have decided to buy and it worked great. i used in couple of projects once as an additive to epoxy glue and it is brighter and longer than a lot of medium and higher class watch hands.
does not do for my big size cat...brush is very not flexible, hard...my cat does not like it at all...
this is my third purchase of better sleep earplugs. i love them. hubby had had his nose broken seven times football, so he does not just snore his nose speaks alien languages! i am not the best at caring for them. i just pull them out and put them on the head of the bed. then sometimes the cats bat  them around or the grandkids in residence mix them with playdoh.but that is okay because these earplugs are washable!after 812 months i replace them.they are a bargain because they really work!
i do not tolerate all peppermint well.  i have both acid reflux and a hiatal hernia, so something is help, some make it worse.i tried these and they have a "soft" taste, you get the peppermint, but it does not irritate going down.recommended for those who want a smoooooth peppermint to just ease a tummy issue, like upset, nausea.will keep these as a staple in my medicine chest and kitchen cupboard!  oh and i like the tin
overall it is not bad! i have had better tasting types of hydration packets or powders see nuun. i think that while the salt count is fairly low compared to other brands, the saltiness stands out more with this brand. overall it does what it needs to do and i feel equally as good after my runs as i do with other brands. i think, based on price alone, i would purchase again since this brand appears to be slightly cheaper than other brands for the quantity offered. overall i would give a 7.5 out of 10.
i try to wash my face very infrequently when possible because overwashing just gets it to produce more oils.  but when i need to remove makeup or i will wash my face anyway shower, i really like this wash.  it seems completely natural, gentle, and i do not feel it chipping away at my microbiome.seems to be a health and ecoconscious product.
my husband likes his and highly recommends this item.
the only sturdy travel transparent case out there..
update  after 6 months of on and off usage i would guess about 125 wearings the main band hookandloop velcro is one brand of hookandloop type closure is shot!  the 2 straps start separating as soon as they are attached. one good cough or bending over and scritch!...it pops open.  i am most certainly not a big person so i am not stressing the connection in that respect. all hookand loop does wear out. the hooks start to get straightened out with repeated pulls of the loop side and subsequently they stop grabbing and holding the loop.  the highest quality products have thick, stout hooks that last a very long time.  i feel that should you plan on wearing this item everyday you may be buying 2 or 3 a year.  aside from this issue rendering the brace unwearable i still feel this is a fantastic brace.original postthis is not the first posture corrector i  have purchased through amazon but it will be the last.  this is a very well engineered and constructed product and i commend the sellermanufacturer on delivering a corrector that actually works!i had been going through progressive slouching, shoulder slump, and fhp forward head position...to the layman like me that just means not looking straight ahead but down to differing degrees.  i had been told that i was looking down all the time.  in actively assessing myself i found that to be true.  this observation of slumping over and head position led me to understand why i was going through progressive upper back, shoulder, and neck pain.  every morning and evening i was on an acetaminophen and ibuprofen regimen.my previous posture corrector experience was awful.  poorly engineered, uncomfortable, and one size fits all seems to be the norm.in receiving this product box i was a bit apprehensive;  i did not want further disappointment.  i gave this purchase a 4 star review for two reasons.  i really want to give a 5 star review because the product actually works as advertised but there are a couple of issues. if i could give a 4.5 star review i would. for better or worse positive change occurs on amazon through the process of accurate and honest reviews.my first reason for not rating my experience as a 5 may seem petty to some but i feel it has importance.  on opening the box and removing the brace there was not a single stitch of product literature included.  in my humble opinion, basic information regarding the product itself, guarantee explanation with returnrefund information, and some basic seller contact information should have been included.  there were none of the pages that can be seen on the amazon website that are just great.  copies of the photos and fitting instructions should also have been with the product. i was going back and forth between my computer and my bathroom mirror to assure proper fitment. when i first put this on it did not feel right and i found that i was wearing it too low by looking at the photo of the model.  for future reference, when not logged on to the computer, having package inserts would be fantastic.now to the corrector. once i was properly fitted it was immediately obvious that this device was going to prove beneficial.  when i first strapped it on it seemed that i would only receive moderate correction.  i realized that i was not holding my shoulders, neck, and head up straight and in proper alignment before stretching and attaching the shoulder straps to the belly band.  upon doing this correctly, a significant amount of support was felt.  by pulling pretty tight on the straps while in proper posture before attachment of the bands, my alignment is now perfect. my posture without the corrector was poor...but not as bad as i have seen with other people. in order to retain proper alignment with the corrector i had to give the straps a pretty good stretch.  i am 5'1134; tall and 190 pounds.  it is only reasonable that the device straps will have to be pulled tighter for a bulkier person; there is just going to be more physical resistance to correction. if you are smaller than me such tension may not be required.this is where my second issue is keeping me from a 5 star review comes up.  for those of use requiring extra tension on the straps to maintain proper spinal alignment, the straps can 34;cut34; into the armpits to an uncomfortable degree.  some sort of well designed underarm cushioning would be greatly appreciated.lastly, i can only wear this brace for about 2 hours before my back muscles start aching.  i do not consider this to be a negative in any way...actually it is quite the opposite.  this let us me know the brace is working as advertised.  those muscles in my back have been stretching and stretching over the years and are at the heart of my poor posture.  they are not enjoying being 34;recompressed34;.  tough!  over time muscle fibers begin to grow together.  this corrector, i feel, will facilitate just that. take tension off the brace as soon as you begin to feel any of the aching i have described above.  continued use after that point will cause discomfort for some time after the brace is removed.  for some people i imagine this period of initial correction may be as short as 45 minutes to an hour perhaps even less for the elderly...i am going to get one for my 70 year old mother if she gives in to trying it. it takes time to gain new muscle memory.  the longer you use the device every day the length of time you will be able to wear it comfortably will most likely extend. in using this corrector, these aching muscles will begin to calm down over time.  the support is not just holding things in place, it is forcing the body to improve itself.  i fully believe that actual postural healing will take place and down the road i will only need the support as a  reminder rather than a maintainer.i wear a tshirt every day and even when tightly tucked in the corrector is virtually invisible underneath it.  from when i first put the corrector on in the morning i do not take it off until bedtime.  i simply go through comfortable cycles of tensioning the main strap and releasing it when i feel it is needed...the device is lightweight and unobtrusive.  only the tightest or sheerest of clothing would give away it is presence.bravo tigoof!  you really have a winner here and i highly recommend this product to anyone experiencing postural issues such as mine slouching, forward head position, and shoulder slumping and suffering from the chronic neck and shoulder pain that i was.  as an aside, my working at the computer for any extended period of time would get to feeling fiery in the upper back. i do not do computer work now without the brace,  and no longer experience that discomfort. i highly recommend this support to long duration computer users.this is a fantastic product you should feel very secure in purchasing.  the few negative things i mentioned are more than likely issues specific to me or perhaps to other people my size or larger.  i am confident that if you order the correct size and find the justright fit for you this corrector will prove itself to be quite an asset.  if you do not feel just that way, contact the seller.  they are fantastic to work with.  i cannot wait for my few issues to be dealt with in some fashion for all future purchasers so i can i can come back and give this product a solid 5 star rating! i could not be more pleased with my purchase.good day  good back,stlaffoon
the mask is easy to clean,has elastic to hold on the child's head. but it runs small,it did not fit my nine year oldest face. it also has a strong chemical smell.
so far so good. i watched the cats on our cameras turn away from where i sprayed this product. the only problem is you need to spray it about every other day. i hope this continues to work or the next stop for the cats is the humane league.
great product would buy again.
fits better than the original on my arm.
kind of bulky, it does the job.
i was soso with this product.  i was thinking it was ok, if you wanted to spend the money.  then i fell.  a stupid fall, no need to explain.  with 60 as my next birthday, i was in some severe pain.  i thought......copper calf compression sleeves.....why?  well, i totally wiped out my right calf....not in the back, but the front.  i fell duh.  i am now a convert.  there is nothing greater than copper sleeves.  i now have elbow, and hand gloves.  this company rocks it cool.
really liked this as did everyone who smelled it. wish the bottle would have been a little bigger and the shower gel did not smell very long.
one of the finest whey isolate protein powders available.  fantastic for the lactose intolerant.  flavors that are some of the best i have ever had.  this one is for the chocolate.  best chocolate ever.
this is a great back brace.  the only issue is that i bought it for my 80year old father and it is difficult for him to put it on himself.  well constructed and comfortable even when pulled quite tight.  definitely helps with posture.
also i like that the days can be separated.
it clean the way they say
bought this to help with bruising after surgery and i think it worked a bit but i did not use it more than a week or so, and i also used ice so i am not sure.
put it in and it fits fine around my car seat.  i do not think any cartruck seat will have a problem if it is a bucket seat. i will test it out and adjust the review if i have any issues..  so far it seems supportive.  i like the fact that there is no memory foam, so no odor.  it came shipped in a big box so no issues with the quality of the product upon arrival.  if i can figure out where i put my calcium everything would be great.updateair freshner smell stuck to product and does not smell like lavender.  returned.
very disappointed. would not hold liquid. the opening kept popping open. woke up two mornings with an empty brush. would not recommend. went back to an oxo brand brush with a screw on dispenser.
this review process with amazon has changed, you read reviews to a product that has nothing to do with the product your looking at
easy to breath in . very big . easier to talk in . washes well.
pretty sweet and has the artificial taste of an orange starburst, not really a flavor i want in a drink. someone that does not mind artificially sweetened drinks may not find the flavor to be an issue.would highly recommend using cold water to drink this down because it helps cut the sickly sweetness.i took half a scoop midday which comes out to 125mg of caffeine, about the strength of a cup of coffee.i did not feel too jittery, anxious or crazy just a little more "up" and focused during my workout.so overall i did not care too much for the flavor, but i enjoy the effects so i will continue to use it, and just drink it quickly. haha
these lens wipes work really well and we are very happy with them. good price for so many of them.
its really good i am using every day good for health
purchased this to add in a smoothie recipe.  this is fantastic flavor and i am sure packed with major nutrients.  i would definitely recommend to someone who makes smoothies all of the time.  i put a teaspoon in blender with frozen cherries, banana, orange juice and it was spectacular.  will purchase again!
solves a common problem! almost everyone who has ever used an ace bandage for more than a day or two has lost some, if not all, the clips. and dropping a clip onto a hard floor and accidently stepping on it renders it useless. so what do you do when you need to use that ace bandage, but have too few or worse yet, no clips at all? i have tried using safety pins as an alternative when i have no clips, but found that is really not a good solution, as it does not hold the end of the bandage evenly. this pack of 50 clips will last a long time and i am glad that it is a pack of 50, as they are not really durable, so they have to be replaced fairly often, like 34 days. but they are a much better alternative than to safety pins and certainly buying another expensive ace bandage.. they also come in handy to use on a really wide ace bandage, as the number of clips supplied by ace seems inadequate. i am glad i bought them!
good product,  buy them all the time
this item really should not be sold here as it is temperature sensitive and needs to be shipped with an ice pack during the warm months. who knows what the temps are in the amazon warehouses? i would say to stick with buying this from your local practitioner because after it has been subjected to the heat, it probably is no longer good at all or less strength at best. waste of money to buy a probiotic that no longer works!
these are super soft and nice. i give lower rating because when a few hours they were flattened and hard. i realize it will in time, but expected it would still provide some cushion.
to me there is nothing like a full mesh body puff. it is the only thing i use in the shower outside of a back brush. nevertheless, these mitts have the best of two worlds. the mesh is thin and sewn onto the glove. the glove has two finger holes for the thumb depending on which side is being used. if i want a sudsy wash, i pull this on like a glove and use the mesh side. if i want to exfoliate, i turn it over and use the rough side. it also has a loop for hanging.it does not replace my favorite shower sponge but this comes close. also, these can be used to wash the dishes if one does not want to use them for the shower.the current price of 13.98 comes to an expensive 6.99 per mitt.
i do like this product but it only has one hot temperature and although it has buttons to adjust the temperature of the brush, they do not do anything.
so far the pills are fine and easy to take and thank you for the quick mailing them.
my boyfriend needed a new clipper and cordless seemed the best option.  i can help him and he would have a easier time cutting his hair.  these clippers are amazin,  trust me!!!
i was pleasantly surprised how these pads helped easy pain on the balls of my feet when wearing heels. i was skeptical, but now i am not. recommended!
very soft. easy to put on. there are strands of the yarn poking through the front, so i do not know how well it will wear over time.
bought this for my niece... she loves it !
these seemed to work well at first, but they loose their effectiveness after a while. do not work as well as they are supposed to.
this machine is amazing. it has many different attachments and gets you where you want to be. great price too. i was going to order elsewhere and they wanted like 150 and this is way less and comes with way more. its strong and is well worth the buy
got this for my son for christmas.  he loves it!! he is a welder in a machine shop and his body pays a price. it arrived today and he tested it out at my urging with no real hope for it doing much...he is had other products in the past and nothing really gets into deep tissue and reverberates out and makes a difference for him to have any relief.  i did his back for 10 mins with this...and he was smiling!! not to make his mom feel good but because something finally got his muscles to relax.  the 2 heads on this are what i think do the trick for making it all happen.  the various speeds and alternate attachments will be an added benefit in the long run.  it is easy to balance and he managed as well to do it but not as good as when someone else does it lol
i got these, they were a great deal, but i feel like they stink until you get used to them. they are somewhat soft, but not like id expect from tissue with lotion.
it has the touch and strength of highend plastic cutlery. labeled "compostable in industrial facilities" and that you should "check locally as these do not exist in many communities." it probably goes without saying that these are not suitable for backyard composting. the bonus is that these are made from renewable sources.
went to the dentist for a fitted plastic retainer for 150 and use this at night. amazing whitening with zero gum or tooth pain. crest white strips hurt my gums
useless; the spring is bigger and coarser than other brands i have tried, and did not even epilate.  i felt nothing pulling or epilating when i used it, but did when i  immediately tried  my older wand from another company.  i threw these 2 away.  thankfully, they were not expensive.  i have learned bellabe is worth the extra money.
when i was growing up my mother was always trying to sneak healthy ingredients into our food without us knowing. spirulina powder is a much more subtle way of doing just that. mixing it in with acidic sauces or dressings completely mask the flavor. i add it to spaghetti and lasagna and no one suspects a thing. great way to sneak in some iron and protein!
it is kind of hard to mess up basic dish gloves. these are pretty standard gloves and they perform just as well as any others i have ever used. the center of the palm has slightly textured area to improve your trip on wet dishes. i am allergic to latex and these did not because any rash, hives, or redness and itching, so they seem to actually be latex free.
these eyeglass cases are very handy and cute.  they fit in my purse really well.  the order came quickly.  i was pleased.
love, but a bit on the heavy side
these masks are super cute and comfortable, the stretchy band could be just a hair larger, or even adjustable, but other then that, they are great! i love there is a pocket for the gel pack. i get migraines often so these are so helpful!
great for cake pops
my rocking santa is a whimsical addition to my window sill. i enjoy seeing him rocking.
the last time i ever smelled smelling salts was when i was a kid and another kid in the neighborhood had a bottle of them for some reason.  we all smelled it and i have not forgotten how strong it smelled.  these westside barbell smelling salts are just as strong.  however this time, i used the technique i learned in chemistry class in college which was not to stick my nose right over the flask, beaker or whatever container, but to hold it out from my face and waft the air over it with my hand towards my snout.  these are very good smelling salts.
1st day had a headache and jaws were clinched.  waited a few days because i wanted focus and memory and tried with 12 of a capsule and stayed on that dose for a week without any headache or clinched jaw side effects.  after a week went to 1 full capsule and love the results.  i have so much energy, drive, motivation, focus and ability to remember.  i really think that at 67 i have lost a lot of my 34;mind34;.  with optimind, i am back like i was in my 20's.  if you think it is expensive, call them and order 6 bottles at a time, it gets the cost down to 25 a bottle.  my husband, who usually just laughs at my supplements, tried one, he takes one daily now.  both of us love what it does for our mind and energy.  after 3 weeks on them, thought i probably should take a day and rest, well, i did rest, after cleaning out the garage, cleaning my car inside and out, two hours of  shopping and coming home to fix dinner.  before optimind, i would open the garage door look at the mess, and close the door  it all seemed like too big of a job. most supplements are hype, not optimind.  not sure why it did not work for the people that rated it anything less than a 5 unless they are some of the few people that still have their 34;minds34; intact.  i will gladly give up other things to afford optimind.  besides with optimind, i save money from not paying others to do, what i was too tired to do or could not focus or think clearly enough to do.
arrived on time. strength equipment to others of same strength. narrow, rimless lens perfect for reading  watching tv at same time.
i finally found the readers that do not look like readers!  i have been looking for this specific design for well over a year. the packing is lovely.  a glass zippered case with wipe cloth, looks exactly like in picture.  i love these and will order extra pair.
used it for less than two months and it died!do not buy!!!
bought the 2 pack, one for my 94 year old grandma and another for my nephews. only used it with my grandma, but i know my nephews will get a kick out of it too. i used to have them when i was young. my grandma and i both enjoyed them. keep in mind the measurements, they are pretty small.
lovely aroma, it smells also like cologne? it is really strong but i got used to it after one day. many happy compliments from anyone that has gotten into my car.
these are a great solution for life's little inconsistencies.  very comfortable and discreet. i would recommend this product.
we been using it since 2016, the germ guardian gg1000 7 pluggable small air purifier  and it works!  we use it in the bathroom never had a problem with it.
some of them fit and are a really neat concept but all of them are basically cut different sizes and shapes. i would rather have something tighter fitting to use a device. all of the finger lengths are random. a stretchy fabric would be helpful, even a 5050 cotton blend.
this is an excellent hair styling tool! my hair is difficult to have lasting curlswaves! but, with this my hair style lasts for at least two days;i definitely recommend this one!i give it two big thumbs up!!
this was an inexpensive piece to roll cones but honestly i found this to be difficult to use.  it is really hard to fill after rolling paper around it.  it becomes a frustrating situation to the point where i roll cones by hand quicker than using this tool.
seemed to really help my adrenal fatigue
cute small boxes. the color pops. they came very well packaged so none came in bent.
no better than drugstore hot water bottle.
i am sorry to say that my bottle arrives busted, and therefor i could not really use it. i sopped up some of the loose liquid and worked it into a stone floor. i knew exactly what i was planning to use this on, so i got straight to it. i just have one spot in my late 30s, early 40s sears kit home that has an unsealed rough stone floor. i have been wanting to find something that could clean that floor. nothing ever describes what i have, so i have been reticent to buy anything. so i have not used anything! when i saw that this product can be used on pavers, bricks, sidewalks, etc i figured that was much closer to what i have in terms of porosity. so here i am with a busted bottle, and just a rags worth of product, and i dab it onto one spot. it really seems promising. this is not a case of "oh, i can use anything".. and i certainly cannot use a power washer. hm, maybe a steamer.. but yeh, i need a cleaner. this could be it, but i do not have enough to work with. i am highly considering just buying another bottle but concerned about another broken bottle. personally, i think the price point is reasonable, hence why i never rate on price. if i do buy another bottle currently have one sitting in my cart i will be back to update.
i figured i would try the vanilla since i do like a couple of other flavors but this flavor is awful, it does not even taste like vanilla.
the container are only half filled and its not smooth but it seem to work on the itchy bites. i used it on flea bites
i bought these for giving my baked goods to friends. they are just the right size, sturdy, and even more beautiful in person than in the photos. instead of light pink ribbons shown in the ad, mine are a hot pink, which makes the boxes pop to life. the thank you cards are a lovely ecru color and are packaged in clear resealable plastic 2 packages of 6. the cards have matching envelopes and are the quality you would expect to find in high end boutiques. this set really deserves 10 stars. they can be used for so many thingstrinkets, birthdays, valentine's day, wedding showers. the boxes are the perfect size and the price is very affordable for such luxury. thank you amazon for this great set!
the case was over all a buy, it holds my mlg gunnars fine and is a nice coated leather. the only issue that i would say it has, is that it is kind of flimsy when opening, however the magnets hold when the case is closed.
neem oil is great for hair and skin. it helps strengthen strands and improves elasticity. it encourages hair growth and can prevent unnecessary shedding. it is also good for fighting wrinkles. the capsules are filled with oil. you can easily puncture them with a thumbtack or sewing needle and add them to either hair or skin products. another great use is to add some to your favorite clay mask to make it dry down slower. i think this is a great buy.thanks so much for reading this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
these were hideous. i tried to pawn them off and no one likes them. it ended up being a food we tricked people to eat as a joke.
for the price point, this is an excellent cuticle nipper. the edge is shard and precise. comparable in quality to a 20 nipper.
these are nice paper towels, both with looks and function. they are thicker than any i have used, and much more absorbent, too. they have perforations, and they are easy to tear off one, but the paper towels themselves are not easily torn. i have been quite pleased with them.
i love camu camu for an extra vitamin c boost.  i sprinkle it very lightly into shakes, as such potent vitamin c has laxative powers.  so start small.  yay for organic!
took all stains out off clothes, then other brands
folks, these earplugs pose a risk of getting stuck deep inside your ear. i see from the reviews i am not the only one.i only wore these a couple of times. one of them got stuck in my ear canal. these are silicone and extremely small, but do not have stemshandles like other other silicone earplugs, to prevent them from adhering deep inside your ear canal. if my right now friend had not been able to extract the earplug, i would have had to go to urgent care or the er. getting something like this stuck in your ear could potentially damage your hearing.i urge you to buy other earplugs, potentially with stemshandles. you are trying to protect your hearing  not risk it.
most of us know that maca is a superfood, well this is amped up superfood from peru that aids the body in healing, boosting the immune system and filled with amino acids that are fuel for out bodies. there is no taste to it, so i put a tsp in my smoothies along with maca and a warrior blend plant based protein powder that i know will give me all i need as i cannot eat due to dental surgery.
i was really excited to get this for my husband but the power button does not work. it only turns on if i push the speed button... but since that turns it on, i cannot change the speed... if my husband tries to put any pressure on it lay his neck on it it just shuts off! very disappointed...
nice thick nail files
i need co to repond to this question, why was label saying 50 knotweed placed over the original that says 20?  which is it?
husband loves this warm and cozy item.  should have had one in the beginning.
this spotlight toothpaste says it is vegan and claims to rebuild enamel but i showed this to my dentist and she was skeptical. she recommends sensodyne which has much stronger ingredients to fight tooth decay and eroding enamel. i suspected as much  i did not like the texture of this toothpaste and though it does have fluoride thank goodness, i do not feel the same sensation of cleanliness i get with colgate total or sensodyne. it feels very mild and there is no foaming action. there are many obscure toothpastes like these on the market that claim to be "healthier" but i have yet to find any equivalent to what is already working for me. oh well.
these were surprisingly great quality and easy to put together! they scratched off perfectly and were a lot of fun for the guest at our bridal shower.
great in a smoothie
replaced our sound machine that we had for many years.  perfect white noise!
sadly as cute as they are, the scent did not last more than a day. i will use them all but i do not think i will return for more.
i gave a five star for this product is great. the taste is hard to get used too, but i mix it in 100 grape juice and it is very good. the juice is good for you plus the energy greens and i feel wonderful. i am 73 yrs old and i can work rings around my husband and  kids. i will continue to take the all day energy greens as long as i can afford it.
these little nail buffers are not just for doing nails! they are great for all sorts of projects  hobbies. they are just like the larger foam sanding blocks that you can get at lowes or home depot, but much smaller 3.75" x 1" . so you can have very granular control. however, be warned, they are pretty abrasive. 60 grit on one side  100 on the other. so not for fine sanding. overall, a great deal for this large pack of sanding blocks.
best spray wax on the market by a longshot. the durability of other spray on rinse off products does not even compare to this product. have had this last 6 months after properly clay barring a vehicle. perfect for wheels as well.
water is so important for much health reasons. the flavor is very concentrated, so only 12 of dropper is needed in 810 ox of water.this brand of flavors is delicious and pure. my favorite is the coconut flavor and the pineapplecoconut.
this took awhile to arrive but that was expected since it was being shipped overseas. i was having trouble with my little finger catching think it is called trigger finger. surgery recommended for nervetendon tightness. after telling my chiropractor, he had something similar to this but 100s more and rubbedscraped it along the the side of my hand  just under the finger. after only a few visits the finger 34;caught34; less  less. so much for the surgery!! i use this tool whenever i feel the finger even threatening to catch. my massage therapist uses something like this but it is made of obsidian...which is sold on amazon but cost is just a little more  think it may come in a multipack. this one is just right for my needs.
love the bleach tablets! though expensive for only 40, they have helped with my asthma. i cannot breathe in the bleach fumes and this is a way of preventing it! and they are easy to use and work!
the carpet in my town home is 13 years old, so it has seen better days. it was not even new when i moved in. and, the management does not offer carpet cleaning anymore the old one did. they also do not replace the carpets either, unless you move out.so, naturally i want something to refresh.and, with all the bad things out there, trying to find a nice good refreshener is a chore.seeing this, i thought  why not ...and, i found out why not.the package is atrocious. the product, despite having a seal, sprinkled out. the seal was not easy to remove, and more product flies out.let us talk about scent  if you have a problem with strong scents ... stay away!!since it is just my mother and i in the household, we have no small kids or pets  we sprinkled this on the carpet.it says to wait 15 minutes. now, we only sprinkled a small area. but, after 5 minutes, we had to get rid of it. so, we vacuumed it up.that made it worse! omg!! it smelled like old tuna cans and peppermint! gross.effective? i cannot believe any germ would stay around with this. it did lighten the carpet, but i had to toss the rest of this due to the scent.it is definitely not worth the 9.99 it is currently listed as. it is not something i would get again or recommend.now, i need to find out how to get the stench out!
when bill g. publicly announced the coming outbreak of smallpox this old time cure immediately became popular oct.nov.2021. then merck found some "mislabeled vials" lol  of smallpox!! coincidence "we think not". be prepared. this product is made in india.
remote worked great
one of the reasons i avoided bento boxes has been the cleaning.  i like to whip through lunches at night.  i love that i can have two trays and just swap them out and throw one in the dishwasher at night.  works great!  a must have if you do daily lunches and do not want to waste time cleaningdrying trays before packing a bento box.
works great. easy plug in.
these work great, as expected.
pros organic and nongmo no filler ingredients beautiful vibrant green color great superfood good benefits for breastfeeding mothers no strong taste other than some spice good in juicecons could upset stomach if you take it on an empty stomach bag would not reseal so i had to put it in a different container bag is kind of small
it cute the very clean. very sharp.
i cannot blow out a candle through this mask so they are decent for filtering. they are comfortable on my large head. they stand off my face well so they are comfortable even in the florida heat for long term wearing. the nose bar blocks off enough air that i can get a fair seal and not too much fogging of my glasses. plus, i like the black better than white or blue. i have worn several so far and not one has failed. would recommend.
had a glass shower and it works well to remove water from walls
these are great!  i bought the unflavored balms, and they have a perfectly natural, neutral smell to them and zero taste.  they keep my lips from getting chapped and go on smoothly.  i would buy these again.
i feel like this is the perfect contour pillow, because it lowers your heads and provide perfect support to your neck. i love the design of it, i wake up feeling alot more active while using this pillow. the only bad thing about this pillow is, it has a very strong chemical smell, it will not go away for a good 24 hours. i would highly recommend if you order this particular pillow please do not sleep on the night it arrive, let it air out for at least 2 days.hope this helps
not what i expected. lining too light for me. maybe for a jogger its fine, but offers no no protection.
i like this small dustpan and brush set and prefer to use it for our dining room table and my desk. it helps remove the different crumbs or eraser bits more effectively than using a brush or sponge or my hand.  it also is small enough to keep in a desk drawer and encourages me to tidy up.
was not impressed with using this. was not able to scrub things and have it remove the food.
this is my favoite organic barley grass on the market. its fresher, its felt in a smoothie immediately, its easy to use and its detoxing. add some dulse while you are at it dulse flakes are cheap, a banana, 2 cups organic blueberries , 3 oranges or 3 cups organic orange juice. oh, yum. compliments of medical medium.
this was a great party pack, and a very good value for the money.  would certainly order again for next year.
this gel is terrific. i inadvertently got a serious sunburn on my back. i was at an outdoor function. the sun must have been stronger than i realized because it penetrated my shirt. probably the worst burn i have ever gotten. this provided almost immediate relief. the aloe is soothing and healing. the menthol is cooling. it does have a strong minty fragrance, almost like a supercharged mouthwash. i wish it was either unscented or lighter. but the bottom line is it provides pain relief quickly and stimulates healing. great stuff.
comfortable and easy care.
they work okay but my ear canals are super sensitive to the pressure which makes them hard to wear during sleep which is why i bought him.
my cousin told me about this, since my wife is taking miralax via drs orders, to help her! she started these about 2 weeks ago, dropped the miralax, and the results are great!! seems to be all natural! she had to cut it down to half, because it was working too well! so far she is very happy with it, other than the taste! if you like figs and dates, its a bit like that taste, maybe little more sour, and it sticks to your teeth! she takes it at supper and has fruit or dessert after ti cover the taste! i have tried it and do not really mind the taste, other that it definitely sticks to your teeth! if you are having going to the bathroom issues, its definitely worth a try!
these make great gifts for the jewelry lover who loves to travel.
leaves pattern on food tears too easy
this oil smells like perfume. it is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. there is no such thing as vanilla essential oil. and, there is no evidence whatsoever that this is any type of certified organic anything. real organic actual essential oils have to be certified. in the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. please do your research before purchasing this product. this is a vanilla fragrance oil or blend that is not meant to go into a diffuser. the price is also an indicator that this is not a true vanilla absolute, which is what would be used in a diffuser or in soaps. vanilla absolutes are expensive. these are cheap and they smell cheap. they do not smell anything like vanilla at all. they smell like perfume. not a good perfume and not a vanilla perfume. i would not recommend whatever kind of oils these are at all.
a little expensive. but very good
this has been doing a great job at keeping my toilets clean. my only complaint is that it has a bromine smell to it which reminds me of a public restroom at a swimming pool. not a bad smell but definitely noticeable. the time savings is worth it to me. nothing an air freshener cannot mask anyway.
i do a lot of research before buying or trying products, and it is been a while since i have had a product that made me so happy.  i think this is a great value product.when i first started working with a personal trainer a few years ago, one of the first things he made me buy was a foam roller.34;why?34;  i asked34;so you can work out knots in your muscles.  trust me, you will want it34;so i ordered one of those giant long big blue foam rollers that they have in gyms.  it was cumbersome, but it was effective.  i did not realize how tight my muscles were until i rolled on these rollers and let the weight of my body press against the roller.  it was so good but so painful.  and as much as i liked using it, i hated storing it.  i was living in a loft at the time and that thing was really unsightly.then i saw this 3 in 1 roller and was really excited to try it.  the 3 in 1 roller has basically 3 rollers that stack neatly inside one another.  there is the outer roller most similar to what i had before, a gear shaped roller for more targeted pressure points, and a rolling massage stick.  its shorter but i am still able to fit both legs on the roller.  it also cost the same as my giant long blue tube roller.  i like that it is compact enough to hide from sight when not in use.  i like the firmness of the large roller and small roller, and the whole kit feels very sturdy and well constructed.  the only slightly annoying thing is that the massage stick fits very snug into the gear roller so it takes a lot of effort to pull out, and i worry whether the handle might break over time.  better that than too loose and constantly falling out, i guess.foam rolling works based on the idea that pressure applied to certain body parts helps to work out knots and relieve pain.  until i started using foam rollers i did not realize how many knots i had in my body.  i do stretches regularly but you still do not get it all out.there are a number of great roller positions you can use.  the ones i find most effective are for my quads and hamstring.  you prop your roller onto your hamstrings or quads and hold a low plank with the weight centred over the roller.  hold position for a few seconds at a time where you feel pain  discomfort and slowly roll up and down every part of your legs.  the same concept works with calves and glutes.  just roll slowly onto the roller putting as much weight as you can on the point of contact between the roller and your body.my back and neck are often sore, so ill lie on my back with the large roller tucked under my lower back and then arch backwards.  with the gear roller, i like propping it under my neck and pushing down on the pain pressure points.  i have also run the massage stick up and down sore spots on my neck and along my shoulders.overall there are lots of uses and plenty of exercises you can look up online.  its a great way to work out muscle knots and relieve soreness and tightness from exercise.  it also loosens your muscles and prevents tearing.  i received a review sample of this roller for my honest opinion, and i would not hesitate to purchase another if i were to misplace this one.
grainy, does not dissolve.  it is like sand in the bottom of a cup
just like the product from so many years ago! great!
srsly?  i am sure the buckets would be great if they were useable. find a local dealer so this does not happen to you.
i could not get this to spray nicely. it started to spray in a stream, not a mist.
it works well, and its aroma is, for me, quite pleasant. follow the directions and your shoes will revive at least mine did.
no complaints and no smell
as a fulltime caregiver of a person suffering the symptoms of alzheimer's, i have been struggling with finding good products for her dual incontinence issues.  after finding a great adult diaper that holds her through the night, we have noticed that the diapers have an unpleasant smell to them worth a bit of odor if i do not have to do laundry of the complete bedding 12x per day.  my sister works as a medical assistant and she told me that this is what all the medical assistants keep at their desks to eliminate odors whenever an exam room needs it.  i ordered this product as well as another one by a different manufacturer.  hands down, this is the far superiior product same as used at the hospital.  while they both worked on the odor, this one only takes 12 sprays in the room and the odors disappear, and the best part is the small fragrance you smell once you spray, goes away and it just smells fresh!!  i cannot recommend this product enough!!
my boy, donut, could not go a day without ferretone. every ferret loves it!!
i like the price! 62...
i am so disappointed! when i opened the package i saw these cute little purple sachets! i wanted to put them in drawers and in my closet. they are just that, a cute sachet! there is no scent whatsoever. absolutely none!
the ingredients in this tend to be difficult to notice as the effects are not really immediate, but over time they are noticeable and offer a fantastic boost. cordyceps has many benefits along with lions mane. i really enjoy the full assortment in this blend and have made sure it is added to my continuous use list of supplements.
these are great although for tight spaces they will break off in your teeth and you have to be adventurous to get them out. but otherwise they do the job they are intended to do.
the brush fits perfect on my clarisonic the main reason i bought the brushes however i noticed a very strong stench coming from the brush after about 3 washes! very disappointed i guess you do pay for what you get !
very big. bigger than i thought. it does hold a lot of oils, but some of my bottles are bigger than doterra. so the bigger bottles take up more space and the next area is not available therefore cutting down on the number of oils in the case. i am also curious how the foam holds up or breaks down when oils get on it. is there a replacement for the foam insert? the case is sturdy and i appreciate the handle. makes it a lot easier than the cardboard box i had them in
not a bad pillow, worth a try.
this is a really nice size balloon.  we did not have any helium handy so we just filled it with air.  inflates easy and held the air overnight so no issues there.  great for kids birthday parties.  i checked with a local store and they will fill the balloon for use for a nominal charge they said 1.99 same as if we bought the balloon at the store.  great fun balloon.
the item fit way too big and the item could not be returned to seller. one hot mess
i was skeptical about the effectiveness of this supplement, but after using it for a few weeks, i can confidently say that it has significantly improved my cognitive abilities.one of the most impressive features of cervello is its unique formula that combines natural and synthetic ingredients, providing a balanced and effective approach to memory improvement. the blend includes wellknown compounds such as ginkgo biloba and bacopa monnieri, along with other lesserknown substances that have been scientifically proven to support memory function.what i appreciated the most about cervello was how it delivered noticeable results without any adverse side effects. i did not experience any jitters, nausea, or headaches that are commonly associated with other memoryenhancing supplements. instead, i felt more focused, alert, and capable of retaining information, whether it was at work or in my personal life.overall, i highly recommend cervello to anyone looking for a safe and effective way to improve their memory. this pill is a gamechanger for those who value their cognitive health and are looking for a sciencebacked solution to enhance their mental capacity.
there are four black lanyards in this package. the loop is too small to get my head through. if i extend the pushbutton adjuster to the very end so that there is no loop meaning the inclusion of the mask on the ends will create the loop, it is still too small. also, i cannot get any of the clasps to open to attach the masks. i squeezed and squeezed and they barely budged. this is complete garbage and that is where i put thisin the trash.
it works!
i do not know why people were complaining about set up. i set my scale on a hard floor, and it took me all of 10 seconds to connect it, and then it told me to weigh myself. it was absolutely easy.the sleek design is so attractive! the bottom of the scale is covered in a bubble look and it really does look futuristic. this connected nicely to my fitbit, and my fitness pal. infact, i weighed myself, and it auto uploaded without me touching a button. so that was nice.i am really glad i invested the money for this scale. it seems to be accurate, seeing as how i was just weighed at the doctors office 1 week ago and have lost a few lbs off that number. which i am trying to do. so as far as accuracy goes, this seems to be right on key.i need to keep it hidden from my kids though because it says not to be used by anyone under 10. and the look is just too tempting.the display is nice! it recognizes you by the account you set up and calls you by your initials. you can also set up multiple users. i am really happy with this purchase.  so far update may 6 2014.  got on the scale this morning and it read one weight.  which i thought was impossible.  so i got back on.  it was 4 lbs down.  huh?  got on again... 2 lbs up.  got on again.  1.2 lbs down.  this scale is messed up, and i am returning it.  i know my body fluctuates but not like this... and not in a 5 min time frame.  the scale integrates nicely with mfp, but make sure you watch it for inconsistencies. mine is a white one.  and i originally really liked it.  however, i have weighed myself only a handful of times since i got it, and it fluctuates like mad
nice to have the different sizes, it does crumble a pill with a heavy coating but you cannot stop that. the blade could be a little stronger.
buy it! great natural energy!
i own and have been using straight razors for years. i figured i would try a shavette for those times when i do not feel or have the time to strop or touch up the edge on the standard straight edge. i bought two of them to see which one i would like. both are the 34;push type.34;this one is all coated metal and is heavier than my standard straights. even heavier than my spartacus str8s. but the main reason i am writing this review is how even the blade sits in this unit. with this unit the blade fits perfectly even in the holder. the heavier metal really holds the blade in place beautifully tight and perfectly exposed. the other shavette i got was the cut throat with a multi colored wood handle from ebay for 15.the handle was nice but the blade holder metal was quite a bit thinner and the edge of the blade was not evenly exposed. that is because the two metal edges where the blade comes through are not even. one edge is higher than the other and not parallel from one side to the other. as the metal is thin, i tried to bend the two edges so they would line up better. no luck. once metal is bent, it is hardened. summary, this matte slide out is a higher quality unit with quality control that is necessary for the blade to be exposed evenly.  fun to shave with and convenient.
i bought these to wear when i take my contacts out.  fyi, they are a little wide.  i am a girl and i think they are meant for big headed boys.    all the same, i love the style.  just wish they were a little bit tighter at the temples.  the appear to be good quality and i do not see any distortion in the lens.
this beet root powder smells like dirt and the taste is very strong and not good.  i have tried mixing it with other flavors but have not been able to mask the bad flavor!  further  even though i have ingested it anyway  i have noticed no results as far as increased energy or anything else.  will not purchase this ever again.
received it the other day  wore it last night. so many problems with it. i have very sensitive skin  particularly the chin section created a rash on my chin  no matter what i did it would slip up over my mouth. the openings for the ears were not even close to where my ears are. it did keep my mouth closed because the chin material kept covering it but there was nothing there that i can rave about.  waste of money  is now in the trash.
great price for so many. i love dreft. use it on regular clothes not just the babies stuff. it literally gets out most stains we have from wine to spaghetti sauce and everything kids can get into in between like slime and dirt
these storage containers are smaller than i expected, but they still work well for bringing food to work or school in a lunch bag. they work well for salads, pasta, rice and small quantities of other leftovers. the lids fit securely but go on and off easily. the containers are easy to clean since they are dishwasher safe on the top shelf. this item comes with a total of thirty containers, in six sets of five.
great quality!
i bought this for my granddaughter and my daughter gets stopped all the time asked where she got it!  i fits her well and she looks darling in it!
in theory i love this product however it really did not work that well maybe it is cuz i wear makeup but i feel like half the world words make up
bone marrow is a very good source of nutrition that most people no longer get, me included.  i did not even know about the health benefits of bone marrow until a few short months ago.  when i saw this supplement available for review i wanted to try it.  i think it is very good, and very high quality.  i just cannot deal with taking 4 capsule of it each day.  i will have to bust them open and pour the contents into soups or something.  i have other forms of bone marrow supplements that i like better such as a thick gravy kind that is already seasoned and all i have to do is spoon it into a casserole, meatloaf, soup, etc.... and stir it in before cooking it.  and i have a bone marrow supplement that is chocolate flavored that i can mix up in a smoothie.  all are good forms and if you have no trouble swallowing pills or capsules i think this would be a great choice.
i was trying to find a basic sticker to put on my granddaughters books to say who they were from and when. i do not know what i was thinking buying these. they would be awesome for a invitation or something like that. too fancy and pricey for a label. my fault !!!!
product well described by seller. construction is sound with no nails protruding. hinge works well. this essential oil box is exactly what i needed to house my eo bottles ranging from 5 to 15 ml. would recommend the purchase of this box to a friend.
not as good as extra strength though,,,,i normally use the extra strength,,,,and after taking these,,,i did notice they were not as good
best bug repellent, especially great on sensitive skin with a pleasant oder
not the beat quality. they were different sizes and thickness
great protein bars. great flavor.
run smaller than ad photo but works.
the first issue was that the soap did not come out of the wand. easily solved by poking a larger hole in the soap wand using a paring knife. second issue was that even after creating a larger opening for soap to come out, the sponge was too thickdense for the soap to saturate sufficiently. again, an easy fix  i simply used my paring knife to make a small slit in the center of the sponge. at this point, despite having to make these minor adjustments, i was still ok with the product because, hey, this scrubber is always in my sink, and i always have a knife that needs cleaning. so despite the fact that a product should perform as intended without the need for alterations, the literal 5second investment was worth it in a world where scotchbrite refills have apparently gone the way of the dodo. but i digress. the real issue  and this one is insurmountable  is that the flipping sponge pops off of the little bracket that attaches it to the wand...every...single...time!! honestly, i hate stinky sponges that sit in and around sinks so much that i actually thought about purchasing some sort of waterproof glue to reattach the sponges to the brackets...but i mean, c'mon. anyway, total pass on this one.
perfect for what i needed. great price as well . i even ordered a second one after receiving the first one . pill cutter and grinder are very easy to use . and the travel case is perfect for keeping extra meds i may need in my car !
this gave me a swollen eye and ridiculous lashes that curled on themselves all the way back to my eyelid.the sticky rods tore my skin open. there was a little piece of my skin stuck to the rod, and a hole on my eyelid. wtf. removing the super sticky rods caused my lids to bruise all along the lashline.then my eye swelled up either because of the trauma, or because of product getting into the wound. either way, bad news.eyes are delicate, do not mess with this.no ingredients listed, no brand to complain to. this is imported from china with no consumer safety guarantees.
i was very pleased with my order.  i ordered this for a friend.  my friend really liked the poster.  my order arrived in a timely manner.
the taste is good. the ingredients are healthy and ketofriendly, other than sucralose. i have consumed bulletproof coffee regularly for years, so i am used to this type of coffee. one issue is the price, which is currently 3.50 per cup. if you have four cups per day, that is 14 per day and this pack will only last five days. you can make coffee at home, add your own butter, mct oil and, collagen at a cost of 0.40  1 per cup. where this product makes sense is when you are away from home, such as in the office or while traveling. for that use case, this product is good. spending 3.50 on a cup of coffee is too much though.the other issue is that this product is not ketofriendly since it has sucralose, which will spike insulin. the amount of sucralose in this is not disclosed.
description was worded unclear. product is of good quality and i am assuming if i was pregnant would be helpful but for my situation was not applicable.
wow, cleaned my bbq so beautifully, plus my two wood stoves and the bricks around them.
this smells almost rotten, like something in it has gone bad.  i could not stand the smell so i threw it away and got a different brand.
i thought maybe i goofed and these insoles were for a childs shoe.  they are so narrow and small.i put my heel in and the front part barely comes to the ball of my foot.  and so narrow that the edges are uncomfortable on the sides of my feet.not worth the effort to even peel and stick them into my shoe.
this is a great pill container! i have one and purchased another for a friend. the look is very classy and great to throw in the suitcase or purse when traveling.
love these.  i am a nurse and my arms get cold, but i am too hot with a full shirt.  these r perfect.  look really nice and well made.  highly recommended!!
it is a strong astringent so is great for oral health, tightening gums. i dilute three drops in a teaspoon of water to swish and then dab a little on my deepest wrinkles. it is reducing them a lot. how funny. it looks like blood and would stain but outside the dumb name, it is great stuff.
the jar is neutral in color and attractive, but the best thing about it is that i do not have to strike repeatedly to get the matches to light. the stickon paper is a surprisingly effective striking surface.
great stuff for all stomach issues.  works great on dogs as well healed my bulldogs stomach
i like using the heart rate monitor, that is the only thing i liked. its kind of bulky and only has time in military form. the app sucks i did not understand a thing on it just the settings, that was the main reason why i did not like it. so i decided to just buy the new fitbit ulta. i am still keeping the morefit though because of the heart rate.
glucosamine from viva labs is an excellent product with triple strength, i am so happy i got this product at an excellent price of 2.99 and free shipping, it is unbeatable. try it and you will experience the difference.
works well. easy to setup. very accurate. use it with hoyer lift and sling to weigh wheelchair bound person that cannot stand on a normal scale.
i really really love it, perfect  size and i love the color.
discreet packaging, padded envelope that makes it appear as tools.heads up, if it gets hard to blow through, it is from overuse and it just needs to dry off
when i first got this gel, i thought that there was no way it was going to work but it does and it is a large tube so you get your moneys worth. i have spinal stenosis and the weather is changing which means that i have more pain than normal but this gel has eased my joint pain. i recommend to everyone who suffers from arthritis, joint pain, stenosis, or even fibromyalgia.  i received this item either free or greatly discounted since i am a nation wide product tester and my testimony is true and unbiased
what i like about this gauze is that is is soft, stretchy and goes on without much fuss unlike standard gauze which is not soft, not stretchy and falls off while you are trying to wrap it and you cuss a lot as your wounds weep or worse bleed and you have to start all over again and then you just sit in a pile of crappy gauze crying in frustration.but not this gauze.also, very nicely priced.
i should have read more reviews. they do not come with instructions or ingredients or anything, and look like someone took a larger pack and separated it into smaller ones manually. previously we would gotten some from our dentist, and the instructions were to chew one tablet. she did  and it was terrible. the taste almost made her throw up, and then it stained her lips, teeth, tongue and our sink. copious amounts of dye. i did wash out the sink with soap eventually, but i had to brush her teeth quite a bit to get the purple off, and her tongue is still purple and she has purple spots on her face. i am now worried about an allergic reaction after reading the review where the child had breathing problems. i will be watching her carefully tonight. they did disclose plaque, but for our needs, they will not work. 7 wasted. very disappointed.
i cannot use it, its crammed into the case it came in and cannot be removed. broke carry case to get i out. i bought this for the carry case...the file is nice just the case is the issue
these gloves do exactly what they are made to do protect your hands from dirt, grime and water. the gloves are comfortable; however just a tad too big. i have long fingers so the length is perfect, but they are a little baggy. no worries! they still work well for washing dishes and general cleaning around the house. be sure to note that only the teal gloves are flocked and the pink and white gloves are not. i am fine with either, but that may cause an issue to others.
back support
i like them so much that i got some for my kids and signif other.  found that i really only need one per day though.  great product!
definitely do not drink it straight from the bottle. burned my throat and it was sore for three days.
i recently broke my left fibula and bought this to be able to put my shoes on and it is one of the best amazon purchases i ever made. i love how it is adjustable and it works perfectly. then i twisted my right knee and had to get this back out. now i keep it on a hook in a designated place because it is that valuable to me now!
do not play fetch with this as i can see it getting lodged in your dogs throat if caught wrong.my pups seem to enjoy chewing on this. i have medium sized dogs they did however chew off a very small piece of this product....making me reduce the stars. any dig chew where the dog can easily chew off the product is not good as the dog will swallow it.
just as pictured. good quality.
these lanyards are perfect for hanging my masks around my neck but they can only be hooked onto masks that have a very thin elastic due to the tiny clasp on either end. the cord is sufficiently long and can be cinched tighter or looser around the neck if needed. i felt it was roomy enough cinched partway down.the chains are colorful and work well. the current price of 5.99 is excellent for this as it comes to 1.20 per lanyard. i really like fun color of these chains; however, my absolute favorite mask chain is , which is more than 12 times the price but is also an eyeglass chain, jewelry, and a mask holder.
i bought these for my daughter and her family. i put their names in between the designs and it turned out so cute. my son in law, 2 granddaughters and my daughter wore their christmas hats all day on christmas day. they loved them. they are so different from the usual red christmas hats with the white trimming. i had bought them another set but they liked these better. i bought the lettering from amazon too. so cute. wish i knew how to take and photo and download to the section to add photos.
this is something i have been adding to my smoothies, and in that situation, the flavor works fine. i do not like the taste well enough to just mix with milk, but in my vanilla yogurt, frozen blackberries, splash of apple juice smoothies, it is just fine.as far as pain relief, i have not noticed any at all. i have an autoimmune arthritis, which the reason i tried this, but have not had any reduction in pain. this probably takes time to work, like glucosamine does. i intend to keep using it and will update.
great bottles!
this is much bigger than i thought it would be.  it has held up pretty well.
i love the colors and that we can store 4 batteries in each case and we can also attach them together. i think this is a great buy if you need to take batteries with you or simply store them organized.
i found method foaming body wash 2 years ago when i broke my wrist. i had to use a plastic sleeve to shower and it was difficult to handle a bar of soap and washcloth with the other hand. i read a suggestion about body wash and i found this in the grocery market. the one i found was the green one and i really loved it.  i cannot find it anywhere now but found this orange one here on amazon. the green was sold out but the orange was available. i was happy to grab a couple of them because i do not know if or when i will see them again. it is really nice stuff.
these worked great. sturdy and inexpensive.
i have only been taking these for a few days now.  i have noticed that i am not doing my usual afternoon snacking.  just do not want anything in the afternoon anymore.i do eat a light breakfast before i take the pills.it did take about 2 days before i started noticing my hunger going down a bit.if you can easily swallow pills then you will have no problem with these.  if you have a gag reflex then these might be a little problem.  pills are a little bit, in my opinion.will try to do an update in a month.
i ordered several of these in different colors for review including the one in , and they are all junk and stick in place. all had to be thrown out.this black one is as terrible a pill case as the other colors. the door is difficult to open and the chamber was stuck on saturday and a half. i cannot even use this; not to mention if i could i would not be able to see the pills. i threw this out. avoid like the plague.
sized for children or smaller adults, durable for the price.
these earplugs, recommended by the wirecutter, have a lot of potential.  the design is functional and ascetically pleasing and there are several sizing options in both the rubber and foam tips, which is great.  i am still working through the options to figure out what size is the best fit for my ears and i have not landed on the perfect solution yet, but hopefully with all of the available options i should be able to find the right fit.  given the variety, i am sure most people would be able to find an option that works well for their ears, which is one of the nice benefits of this product over many of the competing options.
this tens unit is by far the best! i have terrible chronic pain and not much at all has helped me, this helps me relax so much and gives me relief. thank you so much for making this product! i highly recommend it. if you are looking for great quality and pain relief then this is your device!
not just for kids. i love these. will not wipe my ass without them. they are fragrance free and not harsh at all. never have a problem with them flushing.
these are too big to provide any compression. i have also tried sbsox, copper compression and roxofit, all ordered based on their individual sizing recommendations for my 8 arches. these by far fit the largest in size small. they are designed more like the sbsox style which is longer and extends the length of the metatarsal region. this is good for people with longer feet. but these have a thick seem that looks like it would be uncomfortable too. i ordered these because they came in flesh tone, and had to return the copper compression flesh tone ones due to poor construction quality. but i can not recommend these and they are going back immediately without me even trying to wear them to see if they are supportive.
the locking mechanism gave way after first trip. without it, it is just an expensive plastic bag. i will not buy this again.
very heavy. i would not wear these out of the house until i am able to keep them in for sure.
very good price. looks great,  the round shape is of good size.  vision is clear, glasses look durable
this cavalier matches the one i have in real life  holds my glasses so i can find them easily. its a good weight too. it really is a cute art piece!
packaged well, great item for the price.  arrived promptly.
not bad but is slightly too low for me in lateral position. the customer support seems helpful though and suggested to try two pillows on top of each other. i will give it a try.
use this in my bubble bars and it works great!
the gel is really refreshing.
i purchased these for the charcoal bristle brushes, i received the package, there are white bristle brushes and charcoal bristle brushes in the package, they all have different letters but they do not tell you if the letters stand for the different softness levels of the brushes or what they represent. the brushes loose their bristles after about the first 10 brushes so they are definitely disposable. i am keeping them for guests to use but not what i was hoping for.
the smell is a bit weird... however, i am so fond of the fact that it is a silky, lotion consistency and not a nasty, stinging oil ! this product is great, but you may wish to wash your hands after using it ! or add a medicinal, therapeutic grade, quality, organic, essential oil fragrance to it.... in order to mask the scent ! over all though... i highly recommend the product. it works fast !
i like these containers and they did not leak when i filled them with my hippy sunblock brew.  however, only four stars because this set does not really screw back down.
i did not like the taste of this at all, and ended up giving it away.
nice on nose
i found these in my local grocer's, used them, and fell in love. i understand the negative reviews, since in today's society faster and simpler is deemed better, but i believe in working at least a little harder if you want the best results in any area of our lives. the glue flap requires attention and care to close it properly, and the results are excellent. i just bought out one supplier here at amazon, and i will be looking for more. i love this quickasteam product, and i thank the inventors and manufacturers who have made my dinnertimes much faster, safer, and more delicious.
i have been watching a lot of kdramas lately and the characters often take these supplements in small pouches.  i was interested in trying this calcium jelly supplement.  the calcium supplement is expensive at around 2 per pouch but it is much tastier than the large calcium pills that i normally take.  the supplement is a mix of jelly and fruit leather texture and has a sweet pomegranate taste.  the supplement does not have sugar or water but it has a nice light burnt sugarcaramel and pomegranate taste.
do not be afraid to switch hands if one eye's application gives you more trouble than the other.
pros1. plenty of different strains of beneficial bacteria in adequate amounts.cons1. these supplements do not have an enteric coating in order to allow the probiotic bacteria to reach the colon alive.2. this product is not listed on the companys website, though it is promoted on their facebook page.3. intestinal fortitude if was founded about eight years ago in williamsburg, virginia. it is a very small company whose supplements, including this one, are undoubtedly produced by a much larger company, which specializes in manufacturing supplements. unfortunately, if has not openly disclosed on its website the name of the manufacturer of its products, including this one.4. if states on its website that their ingredients are sourced from around the world, though their supplements are bottled in the usa.
i wore these to work hoping they would provide my left ankle with the bracing it needs as i suffer from an old tendon tear that flares up when i do a great deal of walking andor when the weather is extremely hot or if there is a quick shift in the weather.  i tore the tendon that runs along the outside of my left foot  and when i say tore, i literally heard a crack when it tore.  it was so loud and such a "crisp" sound, i thought i would broken a bone.  anyway, it took a very long time to heal and because it is a tendon, it did not heal back "the same as new."  it hurts and feels as if it could give way when the weather is muggy hot and when i have walked quite a bit.  i mention this because that is why i ordered this "brace" for my left ankle.  and again, i wore these to work and while they are like wearing compression socks which are better than nothing on my foot, they have to bracing effect.  i even had kinseology tape wrapped around that ankle as well.  ah well.  short compression socks with my toes free are fine.
most ultra healthy foodstuffs do not taste good. this powder is ok mainly because it blends in with whatever you choose to mix it with, like tofu. it is bland on its own but it is fairly tasty when mixed with something else. i appreciate the fact that it is organic and nongmo, but this is one of these superfood powders that best benefit those who do not eat enough fruits and vegetables. i do, so i do not feel i am missing that much by not ingesting something with noni fruit in it. it is ok but i would not order it again.
and this wonderful stuff prevents rashes, sores, redness from her diaper undies. i love that it has no petrol chemicals or other toxic garbage. i thank god for the honest company.
these are well flavored drops.  i used it for vape juice flavoring and my husband enjoyed the flavor and had no complaints.
i had high hopes for this product, but alas i was dissatisfied. i found it necessary to reapply the product every 4560 minutes. i would not repurchase this product.
this hibiclens hand pump took a ridiculously long time to arrive and the straw does not reach the bottom of the bottle. while i was waiting for this to arrive i purchased two clear  pump dispenser bottles which arrived the following day. they take up less space than a 32oz bottle, cost less, and are a more attractive option. save your money!
i nice love them
this has a very weird taste i like the chocolate and vanilla. the company itself was great
seller is advertising product as easy to swallow. they are not. these capsules are almost an inch long and about 1.25 inches in circumference. they are among the largest, if not the largest, capsules i have come across so i measured them. many older people have trouble swallowing and these could very well be dangerous for them. i have a smallish throat so i bought these believing the 34;easy to swallow34; advertising, which i find deceiving. will not purchase again.
marine collagen was better for me
i chose this because it is a dk combo and encapsulated in fat. here is why   k helps you absorb the d and both d  k are fat soluble vitamins.  for about a year now we have been using dk combos in our bulletproof coffee in the morning. more fat for absorption  both my husband and i have had our d checked and we are both slightly over 100.  with the present climate, one wants to be over 75.  if one has an autoimmune, one wants to be as close to 100 without going over.  when i first started last year i was tested at 41.  which is normal, but not high enough for certain things.  that was considering, i already took a standard d supplement and we were very much outdoorsy people.  most people just do not not realize they are deficient.so ... all that said ... i appreciate this product.  we still use it in our coffee.  it seems to work well and keeps out levels where we need.  we have gotten our d checked about every 6 months.  no regrets here.
fantastic product.  i have never had anything work faster or better.
very good shisha. first time trying fantasia. love it, especially the rainbow flavor
i have been through several nebulizers now. this is the best, so far...completely silent, works great...i love it...
i was looking a pair of calf compression sleeves for my running sessions and these ones are great. i would buy them again
this set of dental tools comes in a metal case and includes six different tools. four of the six are scraping or pick tools, one is a mirror, and the other a large tweezers. i am not a dentist or hygienist and honestly i have no idea what to do with several of these tools, including the tweezers??, but the scraping tools work very well for my intended purpose which is to clean my teeth between dentist visits. i do not like the feel of plaque and tartar building up on my lower front teeth, and with these tools, i can gently remove some of it to keep my teeth feeling clean and healthy. the tools are weighty, made of quality stainless steel, and for a nonprofessional like me, are perfect, especially given the low price.
my dentist introduced me to this line of products some years back, and i had been using the mouthwash and the oral irrigation rinse for use with my water pic ever since then, but had never tried the breath spray or the toothpaste. i also recently went on a vacation where i was not able to bring my mouthwash, and i had really missed it.this was a wonderful way to get introduced to the other products in the line that i had not yet tried, and to have some travel products available for the next time i go on vacation so that i do not have to do without.the packaging is excellent and seems very sturdy, yet it is easy to get into when i want to use. and i really like the breath spray, which seems to actually neutralize issues rather than just cover them up with a squirt of mint.
do not go without it!
this stuff works great on left on forever grease messes by the stove.
i used crest for many, many years.  i was getting tired of it, even though it is just toothpaste.  i switched to colgate a few years ago, and i find the taste is pleasant.  the only issue is i think the tubes have really shrunk throughout the years.
i bought this because i have arthritis in my right thumb, and it hurts to use a regular fingernail clipper.  i can effortlessly cup my nails.  it is such a relief!  the only thing i did not like is the size of the cutting mechanism.  it is a little large.  it is better suited  for clipping toenails than fingernails.
i ordered this for my grandpa who moves around the house in his wheelchair. this was great for transition in floor from hallway to kitchen as he had trouble moving on the threshold. we liked it so much we are ordering another one for another area in the house.
i used the whole bottle and did not notice any change.
i have owned many different pill cutters over the years, and this is the best one i have ever used, by far. it is constructed of medicalgrade, bpafree plastic, and its stainlesssteel blade is thin and sharp. this allows it to cut pills in half without turning them into crumbs and dust, which happens all too often when such blades are too wide and too dull.it is typical for pill cutters to have a vshape for holding pills of various sizes in place, so that is not in itself a unique feature. however, what is a new feature, to me at least, is that this pill cutter provides a highly visible, painted line running down the center of the v space. this mark allows the user to accurately position pills which contain an indented, break line in their center, such that this break line is in alignment with the cutters blade. this makes it additionally likely that this particular type of pill will be split cleanly in half, with no wasted crumbs.this pill cutter is conveniently larger than any other pill cutter i have owned, which are usually about 1inch x 2.5inch in size. this one is 1.5inch x 3.5inch, making it easier to handle for anyone who suffers from arthritis.finally, as an extra little plus, this handy device is surprisingly attractive due to its sleek design and the fact that it is a pleasing, aqua color.all in all, i find this to be an excellent product that i would not hesitate to recommend to family or friends.
i got this for my toddler who sometimes have a hard time to self sooth  at bedtime. this ball has a vibrating  press button that is removable it uses a battery it does not  come with one thou my baby is not fond of the vibration so i took it out. we have been using it and he has been doing excellent  at bedtime, i like it.i will suggest  removing  the vibrating  button if you are not using it, because  it is heavy and if you have more than one kid using it as a play throw ball you do not want the vibrating  button  hitting  your kids it is painful.
anyone doing cancer therapy should drink this. seriously! check out their site online.
did not fit the pedegg model i have. the value and quality was great, but sadly i had to return them.
works ok.could get the same product for cheaper price
this gat to be one of my favorites product for babies. it is easy to use and definitely gets the nasal passages open for baby. i recommend it
i remembered this alcohol scent from when i was a kid. our home was filled with extra stuff, too much to fit in a medicine cabinet so this was on the 3 tier shelf just outside the bathroom. this was a different alcohol with a great scent. years later i found it again in a beauty supply store and still loved it and used it like i did regular alcohol. i would also apply to my underarms, instead of deodorant, when i would be home to help keep me smelling fresh and feeling cool.
just what i wanted
i purchased this as a gift for my daughter...she loves it and says it works great!!!
maybe it is just me but this makes a thick layer on the nails. in one respect it is good because i do not have to soak it off. instead it peals off in one piece and does not last more than a day or two but since i am not paying 60.00 a pop to do my own nails i cannot really complain. you get what you pay for.
this cushion is great and is made out of the same great material developed by purple for their purple bed. i recommend their cushion as much as i recommend their bed.this cushion measures 1834;x1634;. it is perfect for smaller chairs in the kitchen or smaller computer chairs. i personally am using mine in my car dodge durango for comfort. i find that is is quite comfortable but i wish it was a little bit bigger. i would recommend if you are using this for a bigger computer chair or vehicle seat, get the cushion that is the next size up which would be the ultimate purple cushion.dimensions are 1834;x1634;x234; inside of the included washable cover.prosreally comfortable for 48 hours of sittingdoesn't smellincluded coverconskind of small, made more for smaller chairs 12 a staradditional considerationstake a look at the purple bed and the other cushions they are great. they also have a new kickstarter out for their purple pillow which i expect will also be great.overall 4.55 stars 62;.5 rounds up, 60;.5 rounds down 62; 5 starsif you have any further questions regarding the product in my review please leave a comment below and i will get back to you as soon as possible.
these are made for the dallas cowboy fan, but the star logo is a pretty design for a ziploc bag even if you are not a fan. ziploc bags are so versatile  i use these to take snacks to work, for freezing leftovers and as a disposable "shake and bake" bag just fill one with breadcrumbs and dump your eggsoaked pork chop or chicken leg, shake, then put the meat in the oven. each bag is easy to seal and it is hard to tear  the bags are neither too thick nor too thin, which makes them ideal for storing food items. overall i am happy with it.
this is very similar to every other collagen powder i have tried, but it does have a hard time mixing in.
easier to put on. once on your feet get so hot i could not tolerate then and had to take them off a couple hours after putting them on
by far, out of so many masks i have purchased, the best mask ever. i do not have an exceptionally large face but most others, aside from the paper masks, leaves my double chin ! so obvious. this tucks under, goes high, has the metal piece for the bridge of the nose and allows you to unfold as much or little as you want. expensive but so worth it!
i have bought others but this one fits hand better when applying vs those that feel like they are size of baseball mitt
took it once and made me very sick. yuck! and no returns.
they work awesome. does not pull on your nose hairs like some trimmers.
great bath pillow. never had any issues with suction cups like with previous pillows.  it is lasted for a few years and still going strong.
i purchased 4 of these from amazon after i purchased one for our 4 month old at a boutique and our big kids fell in love with them and begged me to get them each one!! we have the pink, purple, tealgreen, tealblue, and the orangeyellow! they are all so cute and feel so good!! also they work great for cradle cap!
very little product. not worth what i paid.
i know pure coconut milk tends to clump, but i would rather have clumping than have other ingredients included to prevent clumping. my body does not like the starches added. it adulterates the taste as well.
i used it once, and it worked fine. i stored it outside in a storage bench, and the next time i pulled it out, the dustpan was completely warped and no longer usable. what a waste. it was brand new!!
no batteries to worry about!
love these elderberry gummies. whatever i can do to help my immune system during this pandemic is a plus. the taste is pleasant. vegetarian and gmo free is also a plus.
too super long for it to arrive.  i guess because it came directly from china.  the case itself is ok.  its not a solid hard case.  it has the strength of let us say, a shoe box that has been covered with material.
keeping screens, glasses, and face shields is a never ending chore.these wipes do a through job without leaving streaks or film.so nice not to have to go back and try to polish again!
very nice little organizer, a bit bigger than i needed since i do not wear a lot of jewelry, but will help me make sure my jewelry does not get lost in the bottom of my bag when i travel.
this stuff is hot folks. we were used to the regular green stuff and the max freeze. this "promix"has a lot of menthol in it. my physical therapist recommended cutting it with some good lotion. we did and it works great. you can make 2 tubes out of one. if you can stand it right out of the tube, you are much tougher than we are, lol!
hard to tell if it is actually working, but from ask appearances it is keeping my bathroom air clean of germs and mold spores! it at least does a decent job of eliminating odors, i think. and it is a comforting presence, to know it is always whirring away!
great product for the price. works great.
tonight, i will be using it again before i go to bed. the very first time i used it, i could hear my neck crackalackin. i have such bad neck issues that i get bad headaches and dizziness. i am hoping this solves both issues. otherwise, i will need to go to the doctor on the dizziness issue.
these are a great option if you are a paleo fan and trying to eat only whole and natural foods. are they like a candy bar like most 34;healthy34; protein barsno, definitely not and this would not be for you. i find the flavor good, they satisfy my hunger for a few hours, and they are great to have on hand for when you need a high protein snack and need something quick. as they suggest, you really should put them in the microwave for 10 secs before eating. that makes all the difference. they are a bit greasy when you first open the package which is a little odd to me but i just overlook it and dig in. the texture is pretty hard unless you heat them up a bit. the chocolate was my favorite but all 3 flavors are good. the mint is pretty minty so if you are not a fan you likely will not enjoy it.
been using these for all three of my kids for months now. definitely recommend, great product and super fast shipping.
great scale, but must be on a hard floor.
love this product. mixes easily and taste great  metabogreens is powerpacked with fruits,veggies, spices,herbs and gives me the energy i thought i would lost!!thanks biotrust.
great product and quality. purchased as gift they loved them. love the colored tips.
these jspa non binding socks are very soft and have no rough seams. i have a neurovascular problem that causes pain and swelling in my feet and legs. wearing regular socks often makes my feet hot causing the issue to worsen. they are nice and thick and feel very cushy, but do not make my feet sweat. i have found that bamboo is much kinder and more breathable than cotton. these socks do not because indentations on my legs and feet after wearing them and being on my feet for several hours. they are well made, good quality socks, and are as they claim. i would definitely recommend them.
normally, i dislike anything that has a strong odor, whether it be detergent, fabric softener, or dryer sheets.  but these have a different sort of fragrance to them which is not all that offensive, and they have left my clothing with a fragrance that is not strong.  i would buy these again.
oil of oregano is a very potent antiviral and antibacterial.  i have got oregano oil in a liquid bottle and in softgels.  i cannot tolerate the liquid unless it is diluted because it is so hot.  these little tubes of oregano oil are convenient and taste good, but you only get 50mg of oregano oil per tube.  one softgel of oregano oil usually delivers about 150mg.  if you do not want that much then these tubes are good alternative.  i found that though they taste good, getting all the oil out of the tube was impossible.  there is always an amount left in the bottom.
wish they had something like this years ago when our dog had spine problems.  spent a lot of money taking her in for red light therapy sessions back then.i saw this therapy belt and had to get it.  i know what red light therapy does and how much it helps the body repair itself or increase circulation.this therapy belt is so easy to use.  comes with velcro strips so i can have it on my belly, around my shoulder, or on my back.  longer velcro strip for larger areas.  smaller strip for going around elbows, knees or ankles.i like that it has an automatic 20 minute shut down timer.  this way i know i am getting the maximum benefit from this therapy belt but not over doing it.  it is comfortable to have on so it is easy to forget i do have it on and running.i am doing this twice a day as recommended.  i want to see if this will help with my lower back pain.  i know it will take some time for me to notice any changes in my pain level.this is so great to have!  and to be able to use it on my dogs too.  what a bonus that is.i have seen, first hand, how much red light therapy can help both humans and dogs.  and i am excited to keep trying this and to always have it on hand to use after surgeries too for faster healing.
i cannot say enough good things about this product, i have never been able to stick to a workout routine this long, not only do you feel hydrated before your workout, but it helps with stamina and performance.  it is cheaper on the beachbody website, but if you have amazon prime it is exactly the same price with beachbody's shipping cost, plus you get it in two days with prime, so i chose to order it here.
my only complaint is these do not scrub off hard dried foods of wipe tables and counters but other than that these are great
the item was used one time and then it stopped working.  it would not turn on, so in the trash it went!
the adhesion of the pads is very strong and will have to be removed using water if its too strong.  the smell is not offensive.  will make nice gifts as well.
i do not recommend this product at all.
this is an excellent product. one hundred percent nonirritating to the skin. cleans and rinses off thoroughly. very gentle and mild. however, it is too expensive.
easy to use and can also serve as a back scratcher!
that the wipes are thick and not thin.
cute for girls who loves playing saxophones
good product!
i use fix tape often and this brand is not the best.  it does not have a great adhesive.  i perfer anchor brand.
gave it a 3 because i have not tried it yet.  gave it a three because the blue ring around the middle was plastic wheni thought it would be soft and flexible product.  believe i will enjoy it though but i only use it on trips; which i havebeen taking lately.
the frames are heavier than expected, the nose pieces dig into the sides of my, can only where for a short amount of time
yes it is a little pricey, but it smells great.  i think it cleans well and i love that there is also stain spray and sticks as well as softener!
i have a dog and live in an area with high pollen  i have had these for 3 years and replaced the bulbs periodically. in my house my allergies are not an issue. i have 3 of these in the areas of the house that are most occupied  living room and bedrooms  the noise does not stop me from sleeping  it is white noise  i knew there was an issue when one of them started making louder noises. i replaced the bulb and the noise was gone. these i am going to are effective  i also have one at work. i brought these from my town home that had smaller rooms  i am now in a house with bigger rooms  still seems to work well. my mother bought these to reduce the smell of perm in her shop. it minimizes it.
these wipes are barely suitable for use. they are tiny and dry. they barely remove dirt. i guess you get what you pay for.
it seemed to work pretty well for the first year. the batteries had to be replaced after 1 year, give or take a few days, so i was happy about that. but one very disconcerting thing i noticed was that it would give me a different weight when it was moved to different areas of the floor, which i then knew i would not buy it again. but then i started to notice inconsistencies between what my scale said and what my doctor's office scale and even what my sister's bathroom scale weighed me. i also used it to monitor the weight of a 13 yr old cat, which is even more important to me than keeping track of my own weight. now after less than only 2 years and it is stopped working altogether, which is completely unacceptable.
i will first begin by saying that probably a good thing i did not like this product, therefore it did not end up using it. i say this because, i would have ended up scarring the heck out of my face had i used it even once.here is what i did like about this productthe case, the case was truly beautiful. it was as if it were from i do not know the 40s or the 50s when they used to make things really well. and a truly was beautiful.the price point, for around 8 i thought that there was a lot within the set as far as various implements. so therefore i thought insofar as money wise you got good bang for your buck as a consumer.here is what i did not like about this setextraordinarily, extremely, and exceptionally dangerous. when i am telling you these things are surgically sharp.. i am telling you these tools are surgically sharp.  you could so easily hurt yourself and certainly scar your skin using any of these tools and i would not recommend it for the removal of blackheads or relief of pimples.  no one, perhaps not even a trained professional could wield these tools in the safe manner.lastly, one of the implements that i managed to pull out of course i stabbed myself in the process but that is beside the point the head of this tool fell off immediately when i pulled it out. i looked everywhere on the floor for it could not find out where fell to this day have not found it cuz i thought to myself maybe i would glue it back. but even still, a brand new item should not be falling off like that regardless if if you are easily able to glue it back on or not. so that is why i say that it has the illusion of being high quality but the reality it really was not the highest quality product.i suppose because of the beauty of it, it could be a gift.  but i am telling you that it is so dangerous that i would not recommend it to anybody and i certainly would not buy it again.
product does a pretty good job and they are much cheaper than custom. have not found the perfect product but this one is better than most.
this is a great little straightener if you understand that it is not intended to be your everyday straightener. i bought it for camping. i charged it in texas, and i used it 7 days later in a colorado national park. it still had a full charge, but after using it for 15 minutes it was at 50 charge. it says it heats up to 205c, but it definitely does not get that hot. i have fine, straight hair already and this does the job for me, but it will take at least twice the time as my regular babyliss. i think someone with coarse, curly, or super long hair would be frustrated. the plates are only two inches long. i also plan to put it in my car for those times i want to freshen my hair after work or after working out. it comes with a usb charging cord so i can charge it in my car. overall it is a very good purchase if you use it for traveling or small touch ups.
really helpful
this is a great natural product to help boost immunity. i was constantly getting sick and needing bout after bout of antibiotics when a friend recommended immuplex to me. i admit that it took several months before i noticed a real difference, but once it kicked in, it works like nothing else. i rarely get sick, and if i do, i am able to get over it much faster than before. give it a try, be patient, and it will work!
have you ever tried to get a tiny screw put back into your glasses only to find you cannot?  do not have the right tools?  that was me when i tried to put a screw back into my mother's glasses.  this kit has the right tools that i needed.this kit appears to me to be a great variety of anything i may ever need to fix eyeglasses.  i have tried to show pics of the various pages that show the contents.this kit just might be a lifesaver in the future.  i am happy to have it.
looks nice and works great on my metal door.
i like these types of facial cleansing devices.  i have 3 of them now and really like using them to exfoliate dead skin cells off my face.  this one is gentle works well.  i do not know how long it will hold a charge but my other two that are very similar hold a charge for a long time.  i do not use any electronic facial devices except for this one and i think it does a good job at gently loosening up dead skin cells.
the size is not 3.2 gallon. more like 2.4 gallon. will not fit any of my 4 small bathroombedroom trash cans. the first bag tore in half when i tried to pull it off the roll. the second split down the side when i tried to put it in a small 3 gallon trash can. i will not buy them nor would i recommend them at any price.
good solution and inexpensive
very handy for getting to those areas old age makes it hard to reach.
no complaints about this turmeric powder. the aroma when opening the bag was very rich. the taste was also excellent, and not at all muted as some turmeric's i have used. i use this mainly with rice or rice substitutes such as wheat berries, couscous, and the like and both the taste and the strong yellow color make for a tasty dish.i like that, while it is priced similar to a bulk item, it comes in three fairly small 4 oz bags. that allows for cost savings by buying in bulk, but the smaller packages help maintain the freshness until it is ready to be used.fresh, tasty and a good value. hit's all the right marks.
this eye mask is very comfortable, and unlike my previous mask, it genuinely blocks all of the light out. my other one is made of contoured foam like this one, but the inner padded design around the nose area is what makes the difference that is what prevents light from peaking in from the middle of the mask. great design, reasonable price.
this a great little pack of sanding blocks.  i also use this to sand cardstock for card making.  but do love them to buff and smooth nails before adding polish.
this product is really great and the price is excellent for the amount of mg per cap
i took off one star due to the cotton wrapping around each earplug. it was very hard to get off, it took a while for just one.  i just found out why  it was very hot yesterday, i opened one this morning only 70 in here now and the cotton came right off. i added a star back on to 5.  the cotton is not a problem.  i think the reason noted in packaging for the cotton was not to use plastic? more earth friendly? however, there was no need to wrap these in anything.  i use macks, they come open in a row, they are a different material, but same could have been done with these.  i finally unwrapped one and it fit and molded into my ear nicely.
super thick layers that really do not lie flat against your face. found this mask to be fairly uncomfortable and always choose another over it.
love these little drops.  the taste is delightful and they work when i have occasional "gas".
oh gosh, oh gee, oh my.....my sister was just saying they got her husband a foot massager at one of the membership club stores and that they felt it was a waste of money. this one is not! even though i got it at a discount in exchange for a fair, unbiased, honest review, i am amazed by this!  i have never had a foot massage like this.  it has a bunch of functions. air pressure makes the massage harder or milder start out low and there is also a function that gives you the option of high and low levels of heat.  there is also a kneading massage and a shiatsu massage as well as an air pressure massage. and yes, there is a major difference with the shiatsu massage hitting all sorts of areas between and around the areas that the kneading massage hits. there is a timer and an auto function that cycles through other functions, but that does not seem to include the shiatsu massage. this is really, really pink.  it is also very high tech with glowing lights at the front. the first thing i actually noted was how heavy it is. the handle in the top of the box is really helpful! the drawing says the covers in the foot areas are detachable, but i did not see how to detach them, so suggestions would be welcome...i do not want to wreck my new toy!  or maybe it will be in another review?  i have had it turned off for 10 minutes now and can still feel a difference in my feet and lower legs.
my grandmother used to buy these and they really work and do not smell like the thing you are trying to cover up and food like most other sprays do.  i do not want to smell something yummy and bathroom smells mixed together its disturbing. that is why i like this stuff it does a good job of masking the smell and not being gross. i have yet to get tired of it either.  not sickly sweet or too floral. it is a strong smell but not overpowering.  very well balanced.
this stuff actually works. i use it to spray my gym sneakers and it neutralizes the scent. it has very little scent itself, too.
i love music. and as one of my favorite music professors always says, live music is always better than dead music.just in the past year and a half, i have really started getting into the live concert scene. let me rephrase that, i have started getting into the live rock concert scene. i have always been a frequent attendee of wind ensemble and orchestra concerts.i have also always have had a mild case of tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. this ringing is evidence of hearing damage, and it irreversible.needless to say, going to rock concerts without hearing protection left me with a few nights of extraringing ears, and almost certainly hearing damage as well.more recently, i have actually been experiencing perforations of my ear drum and even just this year a full burst. because of all of this, i decided to get my hands on a pair of ear plugs.the problem for me is that i cannot just wear any old foam earplugs. i am a bit of an audiophile, and those regular earplugs just make everything sound muffled, which for me defeats a lot of the purpose of going to a live show in the first place.that is where the downbeats come in. they are a special type of ear plug that let us most of the sound profile in, but cuts the volume to a safe level they advertise 18db noise reduction.spoiler alert they really do work as advertised. i wore them at a five hour metalcore concert this past weekend and i am happy to report that i did not have ringing ears after the show. i also was able to hear all of the frequencies, just quieter. i could still feel the music, and it was not quiet by any means, but it was not a damaging loudness.one thing to note is that unfortunately, these earplugs cut out conversation almost completely at a concert event. conversations are hard at a concert event generally, because of all the noise, but these made it noticably harder to hear. i found myself removing one plug if i wanted to talk to my friends.related to conversation, these earplugs tend to make you talk even quiter than normal. because of how they sit in your ear canal, you end up hearing your voice pretty loud in your head, so you talk quiter to other people with them in. it is really a minor inconvenience, though, considering that these save your hearing. again, you can just remove one when you feel the need to talk, and that solves the problem.the downbeats fit pretty comfortably, which is to say that i could wear them for the whole five hours of the show. to me, they feel like inear headphones. you definitely notice a pressure in the ear canal, but it is not terribly unpleasant. that means a lot from me, because i despise in ear headphones, because i find them incredibly uncomfortable.luckily, even though these earplugs sit very similar in the ear to inear headphones, they stay in much better. one of my biggest fears in getting fancy earplugs was that they would fall out while i danced, jumped, headbanged, and otherwise moshed at the show. i am happy to report that these earplugs stayed in very well, and i never once had a problem with them slipping out or feeling loose. these are earplugs that i would recommend for metal, hardcore, rock, punk, etc shows.the downbeats also do not stick out from the ear very far, which is nice because you do not have to worry about catching a bump from the crowd and shoving the earplug too deep into the ear, damaging the ear drum rock shows get intense. this also means that the downbeats are pretty inconspicuous, so you do not have to worry about everyone in the crowd knowing you are wearing earplugs.i did not have any problems removing the downbeats from my ears after the show, although i have read reviews that said people did have some trouble with this. the included carrying case is also a really convenient storage system for when you take the plugs out, which is always a bonus. it is made of metal, and could definitely take a beating, although i did not subject it to one.overall, these are highly recommended by me. i liked everything about the product, and i look forward to taking them to more shows in the future. but even if you choose not to get this product, or if it does not work for you, wear earplugs to concerts, people.
this is the best stain remover ever!!!!!!
does the job, removes the lint
when your physical therapist only gives you one sleeve per week, this product is well worth the money so you can change your sleeve whenever you want to. you can also snip a much smaller hole for your thumb so it stays on and lasts longer.  after surgery on each thumb, i needed to be in a brace for several months; i love that i can make them the length i want.  you can wash them, but they come out all raveled...just cut yourself a new sleeve.
perfect fit with my okley radar. the rubber is a bit less soft than okleys original but it works perfectly!!! very happy!!! 10 years after buying my okleys, is like having bought a new one!!
i have used styling products my whole life but only started using a flat iron a few years ago.  i like that one and yet thought there might be something better, especially since i have been using the flat iron for both straightening and light waves of late.i love the sleek, all black look of this iron.  it is a little smallerslimmer than my old one, and it has a nice long swivel cord.  it heats up superquickly as promised, and the auto shutoff is a nice feature.  unfortunately, the coloring of the temperature display makes it very difficult to read the numbers, especially as i am getting ready in the morning without my reading glasses.  note you will have to press both the power button and the temp button at the same time to switch the temperature reading from c to f.for straightening my hair, i found that the iron generally performed well.  i did not really see any different between the floating plates of this iron and my old iron, but still, the iron worked well for my fine hair.  i had more trouble using this iron to create waves.  the sleek black case is aesthetically pleasing but has no real tractiongrip, making it hard to twirl the iron for curling.  although there are small grips at the end of the iron, these are not tapered and do not work well at all.  adding to the challenge is that the plates go all the way to the end, so when gripping the tips and trying to turn the iron, i burned myself several times.if you plan to use this iron for straightening only, it may work for you, but if you are looking for a more versatile styling product, i would not recommend this iron.
great bottles perfect for making recipes to use for the whole family. the dark color helps to ensure those oils sensitive to direct light are protected. roller heads snap in and work great!
came doa. currently talking to them on a replacement.
good item
used to line up my undercut.  works like a dream.  it cuts close and does not bite the skin.  i also use on my brothers hair and he wants to steal it.  nope get your own
i have loved this for years, but the stores quit carrying it.they also changed the wrapper from black to white, so i did not recognize it when it was around.it is fat free and quite delicious, not like any other i have tried.i came here looking for this, because it really is my favorite, and was thrilled to be able to stock up. the six bottles arrived quickly and were carefully packed and doubleboxed.
this product smells wonderful. oddly, as you can see, the label claims it to be unscented, and the listing claims it to be scented. i believe it might be mislabeled, but it does not matter because this product is very good. you spritz it on to the stain and work it into the fabric. after letting it sit for a couple of minutes, run water through the fabric or blot with a wet cloth.i found that with most stains i had to do that twice, but on the good side it is clear that this is safe for a lot of hand washables, as long as you are gentle and do not rub the stain too hard.i have had those big commercial brands of stain removers make things worse by fading the area that you spray them in. that was not the case with this product. it might not be as effective, but it is not going to damage your clothes. if you have something delicate andor your clothes are a huge investment, invest in this product as well.another plus is that the 2 oz spray is good for travel.so, this might be a product that you need, or another one might be best for you. hopefully this review has helped you to decide.
my father has macular degeneration. this vitamin does not seem to help that much, but then this supplement is meant as a preventive measure and is less effective once you have a deteriorating condition. given that most of us are on our computer screens or cell phones for more than 10 hours a day, i notice that i have more floaters when i do not take this vitamin. it is easy to swallow and best taken with food. over the long term i do not know how effective it is, but taking lutein for your eyes certainly cannot hurt. and i am glad it works on my floaters!
3.5 gallon white bucket  lid  durable 90 mil all purpose pail  food grade  contains no bpa plastic pack of 1. needed one for around the house. it is nice and sturdy. not to big nor to small for general use.
i do not see the point of these brush straighteners. they do not do the job like a proper flat one.
used it daily for a month and saw no results. i would add that this is oil so it makes your face look weird, oily. i would not bother with it.
this will fit large heads. i have a 23.75" head, and this has plenty of stretch and adjustability. it can easily go larger than my head measurements.the soft foam cups are comfortable. the exact fit will vary. i find they block out all the light, and unless i am resting my head in such a way to push on them, there is very little light that will sneak through. i am a side sleeper.the soft foam cups allow the eyes to breathe, lashes do not get smashed. eye creams likely stay in place.although stretchy and adjustable, it is hard for me to find that sweet spot where it is not too snug that it creates creases come morning, nor too loose that it does not fall off, migrate away from my eyes. i found the snug fit worked better as it kept the mask from rotating in the night and off my eyes, but i wake with indents. i cannot have that.other aspect that has troubled me is that sometimes it gets caught in my hair. the spot that has the adjustment hardware is prone to snagging my hair.so, i go back to my old trust stand by which is a tube of material. it looks like a headband, and it continues to be my most favorite sleep mask of all time. if it rotates, it does not matter because it is a tube so i am always covered,  i have been using nightly since i got it 6 months ago.www.amazon.comdpb07rjqgv61this one by cyraneme is a close second, though. comfort, quality, adjustability, and the fact that it can actually fit large heads are all positives in my opinion. the rotation and the indents and hair snag is variable. depends on if i can find that sweet spot for fit. i definitely have tried other sleep masks that i never used ever again. this i will use. it is still at my bed side.
i am a small guy at 165lbs, so it took some breaking in for this cushion to finally give my hamstrings some relief...but now, i cannot drive without it. if you are a truck driver and you are looking for a cushion, this is the one you want to get as all others will not cover the dimensions of the factory truck seat.
i wear these overnight with some foot cream and they do an amazing job of softening rough heels.
i recently had gum surgery, so having the opportunity to test this toothpaste came at the right time. this toothpaste has a very nice refreshing taste, and cleans the teeth. it is kind of a yellowish color gel.  it tastes fresh, but is mild so it does not burn or sting the gums as some toothpastes do.  it is the perfect tooth product to use after dental surgery, but it is really a pleasant toothpaste to use especially if you have sensitive gums.  highly recommend.
no gimmicks. these straps keep my sunglasses on my face while i run, and are easy to install just slide them onto the end of the earpieces on your glasses.i had issues with my sunglasses sliding down my nose as i ran, and having to constantly push them back up. using these straps, my sunglasses stay and place, and i completely forget i am even wearing glasses.great buy!
i really only needed the buffer block, but this kit was so cheap, i ordered this instead. you get alot for the price. very pleased. was packaged nicely too!
this product is just as described. it is well packaged and the instructions are very easy and helpful. you can sit on the toilet and pee on it or just place the pee in a cup. i compared it to my easy at home tests and the results are the same. i will be getting more in the future.update i did a comparison with other brands and all were accurate.
soak loofah in warm water; with scissors, snip loofah like carpet and bury beneath aquarium gravel or planter. burrowing roots will anchor to loofah. it is an affordable alternative to lava rock or driftwood.
did not give me near the relief for my severe ra in my hands that i expected.  my situation may just be too severe..nice fragrance  went on nicely
i love the shimmering iridescent look of these small ziploc pouches. they are great for storing earrings, barbie shoes, little knickknacks, etc., and keeping them organized. because they are "smell proof" you can even use them to store spices or tea leaves. they are definitely good for flea market sellers who need small pouches for their wares. they are pretty in their own right. overall i am pleased with the quality of these versatile pouches.
please do not waste your money on this it does not work
i honestly cannot say i have really used it to vouch that its sturdy on any actual use but i can say that when i received it i inspected it thoroughly and i found it to be very sturdy. the snap on the outside of the case snaps very securely  does not pop open wthe slightest touch. the size is perfect especially for a 4 compartment sleeve, i have always found that either the individual compartments are really small or really big! if i am going to be out for the day i will take the sleeve for that day in my bag  because of the bright colors i do not have to rummage through my bag to find it impressive because my bag is always full of a bunch of junk i also have times where i will be gone for several days so i will take the whole case  it fits in my bag wno problem even wall of my junk in itso i am really happy wit for 2 reasons 1 the bright colors have made my life so much easier to find wout having to take everything out of my bag!2 i really like the fact that there is an outer case that snaps securely so i do not worry about dropping it  all the individual sleeves popping open  then have to spend 15 minutes on trying to find every single pill which usually involves moving all of my furniture because my floor is hardwood so i do not even have carpet to help it stay relatively in the same area where i dropped them.
i had read that lavender was a natural deterrent to moths. we had been experiencing a moth problem in our older condo we had just moved into. it seems to be working and we love the fragrance of lavender. this product is far more preferable to mothballs!
i do not know why they would make a brush so soft. it is very cute but useless.
i wish i had started wearing ear protection to raves sooner! these are great, discreet, and comfortable. they block out the crappy noise and i can hear.my boyfriend talk without him having to scream in my ear. the first time i was the only one wearing them, i could hear him but he could not hear me. i let him try them and he was impressed. we bought him his own pair.
i have insanely high arches and size 14 feet. the size was great. the arch was as high as i was reasonably expecting, which should be fine for most people that just want some support. really look for a shoe with support as a longterm solution, but these are good for short term.
does not fit well under airline seat
the finger tops are a bit sharp.
the arlo cameras i purchased about 3 years ago are notorious for consuming battery life. i have purchased many different brands of batteries since becoming an owner of arlo cameras and the energizer cr123a have had the absolute worst performance. in a pack of 50, not one set lasted more than 6 days range 36 days. compare this to disposable tenergy batteries which consistently lasted an average of 2.5 months and titanium batteries which lasted an average of 7 weeks. i have also purchased a number of brands of rechargeable batteries which last anywhere from 4 days to 2 weeks before requiring a recharge. this may have been just this particular package, but i am unlikely to try energizer again.
i used this for like an hour today alone on different spots. it is not too rough, or too slow well the slowest speed it a tad slow so i went with medium speed my neck and upper back feel so nice right now! it is pretty light weight so you can carry it around in your car, and it comes with a car adapter too which is neat. the heat, really is not warm at all, i can tell it is there, but only if i walk away and come back with it on, it did not do much though. but, i really like this and will definitely be using it a ton.update please be careful how you use it, do not really lean on it too hard, i actually got bruised twice using it. i still use it because it does feel good, just have to be careful how i use it lol
as expected
i thought the flavor was going to be blah..actually it does not have a taste to me.
this might fit on your neck if you are a pencil neck like adam schiff. otherwise it is way too small for the average joe. did not even fit my wife.
my husband is having problems with swallowing larger pills  he does not have difficulty with gummies so these are working well.
this is pretty easy to use not that i have seen a big difference.
actually works  long enough to cover my curvy figure too! stays put, lightweight so i do not get too hot either. love it  will give as gifts too!
very nice set.  good smooth filing.
i took these on a vacation to costa rica rain forest and also to alaska.  they are very convenient to use and worked!
loved the bags and quick delivery, have already used them and given them to my friends
does the job.
gf loves it.
these are pretty good pillboxes. the lids are really secure and they have a decent amount of space. they work great but there is one problem, once you put the pills in them the only way to get them back out is to completely dump the box upside down. i have skinny fingers and i still cannot get them out and of course dumping it means that i drop pills more times than not. it is a design flaw for sure but the product still does a great job otherwise.
this is a nice blend of essential oils for aromatherapy in a rollon tube. the directions say to apply a small amount to the temples and behind the ears, the inside or outside of the wrists, or just inhale deeply. i used this several times already and love the fragrance but dislike that the aroma wears off in less than 30 minutes.it is made in the usa; i am not sure where the ingredients are from. the ingredients are pure sweet orange, bergamot, lavender, and cedarwood essential oil in a base of fractional coconut oil.the tube does not say this is vegan even though the amazon site says that.if this lasted longer, i would have rated this 4 or 5 stars.
i  like this but handle needs to be 4 inches  longer ...
i have been taking a coq10 supplement for the last several years mainly because it is very good for heart health.  these gelcaps are big, but not too hard to swallow and only one per day is the dosage.  i am not a coq10 expert, but as far as i can tell these are good quality and i have no reservations in taking them.
arrived quickly and they work.
i occasionally get migraines and they last all day and do not go away for anything. it is miserable and nothing i have tried makes it any better. i got this ice roller and it helps with the pain and throbbing so i can at least eat something and get on with my day. the rolling part comes off so you can put that in the freezer and leave the handle out. there is a notch on both sides of the circle that make it easy to pull off the handle and you do not scratch up the roller. it is easy enough to put it back on and get rolling.
it works!  easy to apply, does not damage fabric.  disposable is very convenient.
no complaints at all about this silicone scar sheets. the material is nicely durable, and peels off the backing without issue. it adheres very well. i use this on the back of my hand and it stays put for the whole day without a problem. despite the good adhesion it is not painful to remove and it leaves no residue behind.the size is well suited to small areas so that you do not need to waste any in trimming. the cost per inch or foot is quite good since this comes in a 120 inch 10 foot roll. it stores well  the roll i received in january 2022 has an expiration date of september 2024.i am not sure of the country of manufacture. it is distributed by a french company, but it does not specifically state where it is made.no complaints. it is a good quality silicone sheet that works well and is a good value pricewise. five stars.
this set is wonderful!the back scrubber, the facial scrubber, the body brush, the sponge. my goodness! each shower is a spa experience that is definitely relaxing.definitely happy with this, would get it again.
awesome protein powder. love it! this is one of the best whey products i have used ! the quality is excellent, it tastes fresh and clean. mix very well in smoothies. i have tried many whey products and this is by far the best i have used. great marketing job on packaging, customers like me do not care about pretty box but rather a good quality product. thank you, so happy to have found truproteins, will be making it one of our house staple.
omg these are the worse files ever. i have tried files from ebayamazonsallybeauty walmart.. tried all the cheap ones. and yet these are the worse ones i have ever used. i hate it. too bad you cannot return it after using it..... its such horrible quality.
these are smaller than the usual cotton balls i have encounter at cvs or bed bath or beyond. you need two for removing nail polish that is what i use them primarily for. they are ok but because of their small size i will be using them up faster since i would need to double up. it says 200 but for practical uses it is more like you are getting 100. otherwise they are ok for what they are.
cured the stinky feet! love this. will buy again.
great product use for my bunnys litter box
this is great that it has so many different shaped wells for meds.  i think my pills were just too small, and over 50 of them ended up being crushed.  it will probably work perfectly on larger pills.
it is an expensive toothpaste. i was interested because i watched a videoblog of a redheaded american girl in japan saying what they have got that we do not . and one of the things was toothpaste like this. because it fills in holes. or something.anyway, i use it, and i have no holes in my teeth since i started using it, 3 weeks ago.
the shampoo is very good. the lid is a bit shaky as i am sure other reviews probably state but the shampoo is very good. it gets right into your scalp and works so well on all that annoying dandruff. my scalp is very dry and upset with pretty much any type of weather all year round. currently it is mad at the sun and the end of summer weather. i used this and after three uses if felt and looked quite a bit better. i still have dandruff but it is an ongoing battle and this shampoo is really helping in the fight!i would recommend giving this a shot if you are having some issues. it does help. the lid is not the best made and it can leak a little but it is still worth it. just be careful with the lid.
cleans pontoon boat easily.
hoping it solves the hard water problem
this product is not for you if you do not like sweet potatoes. the bar is basically a sweet potato fruit bar. it is all of the nutrition you want from the real thing in a portable form. you can take these on hikes, throw them in a bag, or keep them on hand for emergency food. i would definitely recommend this as an alternative to high sugar bars.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  i hope the information that i have provided helps make your decision a little easier.
these are light weight and easy to put on and take off. i wear them when i exercise and they do seem to help prevent my knee pain. i would recommend them for anyone experiencing knee discomfort. hey it beats having to taking pills all the time.
better than some i have had as far as strength, but the shape and size is not great for mens shoes. needed to be a bit wider . i think that was my problem not the company's. better for womens shoes.
bought this for the wife, one of several over the last year.  she loves it! amazon has the best selection.
my work requires a lot of hand washing and hand wringing!. but, i need an accurate watch not connected to my arm that i can check often. this is marvelous. the watch hangs from the lanyard when i need to measure time, or tucks into my shirt pocket when i do not. the watch is accurate, and seems rugged enough to last.
nice small massager.  sometimes it hits a little too hard for my tastes, but i just adjust my body and it works well.  i like the option to have heat or not.  it also has a stretchy strap that can be added to your chair.  i have mine wrapped around a sturdy pillow and put it behind me on the sofa.
terrible product. i have tried to use it several timesevery time it is completely messed up my nails. the fingers are too long and bulky. great ideabut do not bother if you have small hands.
i have ordered these supplements several times.  they always come quickly and are a very easily absorbed calcium with other trace minerals.
i have found these to be really great at taking advantage of all the health benefits of coconut oil. i am not a huge coconut oil fan taste wise, but these are just fine and i can take them no problem. i do find at three pills a time that it is a bit much to take especially with the pills being big. i noticed a little bit of an energy boost so far, but that is about it. i just really like that i can safety take it while breastfeeding and it can still help me lose the baby weight.
works as expected
this is a small pack of lozenges with a lot of zinc, which is a proven ingredient for speeding one's recovery from flus and colds. the price is somewhat high for the amount you get, but it seems to work. overall it is ok but i still prefer airborne, which is a better value.
the picture of the product is completely misleading! this looks like a gold and orangish red and it is not! in actuality you are getting orange and a very dark red! i was going to use this for a tiger face palette because the white often can be a problem in the orange yellow and white palette. do not know what i will use this for! i love the quality of the paints by this company so i will find a use for them!
i got this flavored sparkling water with the dragon fruit flavor. before i drank it, it was nicely chilled. sadly this did not help the overall experience. i know it has a lot of good for you ingredients, but sadly i could not stand this beverage at all!it says zero calories, zero sweetener, zero carbs, zero sugar, but sadly i have to say horrible flavor!to me this is a complete miss. i struggled drinking one can of this and now i have 11 more in my fridge. i wish this would have been better. now i wish i would have gotten the variety pack to see if any of the other flavors would have been better but i did not.
my husband has chronic dry eyes. he loves these wipes; says nothing he has used helps as much.
you use more elbow grease to get things clean then the actual product cleans. may as well use a lemon and salt for all the scrubbing that you have to do
long and sturdy brush that is easy to clean. works great and quality looks long lasting.
works really well! was surprised at how easy they cut my nails
i purchased over 20 pairs of these  for my various shoes to reduce my plantar fasciitis pain. they never stick permanently but they work well for me. however, these arch supports look and feel nicer. i particularly love the heartshaped design. i also tried similar arches , but now i am liking this better.there are two pairs in this package. it is perfect for a tall arch like mine and they feel very comfortable in my sneakers. they do have an adhesive backing, but i do not expect them to stick forever. so far they provide me with good support. i might purchase these in the future over my dr. scholl's or the other ones i just tried. they are all good to me.
as long as i have to use a cane, it might as well be pretty.  and this cane is pretty, as well as affordable!  i love it!
i love method products! we were always huge tide fans, but i tried method once and had to make the switch.  great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking 34;newer34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  very nice, subtle fragrance.  bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  easy to dispense.
taste good, quite costly, but dairy free which i needed
great support stockings, will buy again. great price, fast ship.thank you.
great smell, but spray button does not work.
they do a great job. i just wish they lasted longer.
this nose clip is useless.  it does not stay on.
was hoping this would help with the pain in the ball of my foot, but it ended up hurting me more from the elastic around the pad. the pain from this overrode the pain in my foot and caused more pain for me. very uncomfortable and will need to find something else. what a waste of money!
perfect for sunburn, itchy or dry skin.
this is very small!  now, i put this in my bedroom as i wanted to see if it would bother me at night and whether or not it would work to clean the air.  i do have sinus issues and for some reason, at night, my nose will clog up and then i will get up, blow my nose, lay back down, breathe easy for a while, then clog up again.  i am assuming i have some dust or other allergen in the air that is bothering me.  after plugging this in and setting it where i wanted on the table next to my bed, the sound is very quiet and for several nights in a row, while using this air purifier, i did find that my nose did not clog up nor did i have to get up to blow my nose during the night.  does that mean this machine is working?  i would have to say yes since it is the only thing that changed in my room for those nights.  i will try it in the kitchen the next time i burn something and create some lingering smoke in the room.  i am very curious to see if it works like their video shows.  based on its use in my bedroom, i would say this air purifier works very well.
the other reviews about a medicinal, metallic smell were right, i should have listened.  i''m not a fan of this one.  would not put in my drink.  it is okay for defusing.  just does not smell right.
purchased this chair from the buyer and after a few months, it began fading to now a  year later the chair has completely lost its color.  upon further research and seeing other sellers offer warranties for the chair, i contacted this seller only to send a very rude email stating for me to " wash chair with soap and water".  the chair is not worth what you are paying,  especially when other sellers offer warranties  please do yourself a favor and do not purchase this chair from this seller  find another who will back up there product with warranty.
works well, as described.
sometimes you just need a little play, and this works well for the shower or for individual play and lovers.
great alterative paper towel. wipes up stuff easily and is as durable as normal paper towels.
great product used in our rv. the granule very messing when putting in commode.
no issues works great i guess
the wife loves this product
used at my son's party! it was a good buy!
ease of use, use it to weigh horse feed etc.
i bought this to add to paint for dying sola wood flowers. works great
the suction power of this blackhead remover is amazing. you can feel the balckheads being removed from your skin. the results after using this just a couple of times is so noticeable that you will get compliments. it is made very durable and seems to be long lasting. it is easy to use and comes with well laid out easy to use instructions on how to use properly, care of the machine and safety information. it comes with five additional heads that are easy to change. this will help you to achieve the skin you desire. this is a great value for the money
this was a gift to my niece for her 21st birthday. she loves it. it works perfectly for her traveling needs.
this little tens unit has been a godsend. my back has been killing me and i ordered myself one of these and by day 2 of using it. i have no more pain. it is super reasonable in price its made  very well.and easy to use. make sure you get 3 aaa batteries for it too.
comes with zipper cover that straps to standard desk chair. easily adjustable. great quality. excellent support.
every thing great
my dog takes heart meds every 6 hours and this is a great tracking method. plus very solid even snaps shut for safety. you can grab one or more to take out for a day or two if you would prefer.
this nail file is small enough to carry in your purse. it is a little thicker than some other crystal nail files, which also makes it more sturdy. i prefer the thinner crystal nail files generally, but this does a good job as files go.
its bathroom cleaner. what more can i say
great tissues, nice and soft and sturdy
i tried nervine tonic after watching a video from a notable herbal company which touted the products effectiveness.  i cannot deny that the product worked as a relaxant and sleep aid.  however, i did find that my sleep was almost too deep and i had trouble waking up.  because of this, i would use with caution and be extremely diligent with dosage.
i have reviewed before.  i was totally disappointed as this did not work on my glasses  one side or another kept sliding off.
i stand all day at work and so got these to go in a pair of dressier shoes that i have to wear occasionally. my feet are slightly fatigued after standing on these all day, but its significantly better than the shoes by themselves. would recommend.
stopped working after 1 month.
i have been taking 1000mg of another type of magnesium. this is only 400, but must have superior bioavailability because i only need a single 400mg caplet! awesome!
delivered as expected and container did not have a large air gap.
magically delicious
my daughter has chondrimalacia patella.  this tape works great used in conjunction with another tape over it.  keep her knee caps in place for dancing.
this handy little hair remover works just as well as the more expensive one out there. it leaves the skin smooth and hair free with no stubble. makeup goes on so much better. it is quick and easy to use. great purchase!
these are very cute and were sent very quickly. yes, they do have big tags that can be removed in a few minutes from the whole set  get over it.  yes, mine were patterned in the horizontal instead of the vertical  not an issue for me in a hair scrunchie.  oh and they fit my averagesized woman wrist easily.  i get compliments whenever i wear one, and am doing the good fairtrade thing.
there is less static than other stuff i have tried cloth sheets, dryer balls, etc, but there is still a ton of static in my laundry.not sure if maybe i need two of them. kind of pricey so i will have to wait to get another in the future.
the cloths comes off the holder. too much trouble to use,
i love these!! they are great, i use it on sore muscles  onmmy face every day and night. works very well  is very effective! i love that it has 2 to chose from
i am only giving it four stars instead of five because all the pills from both bottles fit into one so its kind of a waste of bottles, but this is a great supplement. no garlic taste afterward and they go down like a breeze.
bought them for my grandma  a non mobile senior.  they are too small to put them in the bes before going to sleep. i saw reviews that they work but now i am looking for a bigger size
these are great! smell wonderful!  got them as gifts for friends at xmas.  they loved them.
i took this product to my physical therapist. she tried to put it on and had great difficulty. it did not fit. it does not go low enough to support the back as well as pull the shoulders back. one person alone would have difficulty. my therapist does not recommend this product nor do i. i returned the product. the feedback i received from the seller said they are made to not go lower as people have big bellies.my therapist said she does not recommend any type of device as they are too difficult for the user to put on especially one with pain.
the product does last longer and is stronger than the original formula.
i think this mix did give me a little extra energy the other day when i had two tennis practices nearly back to back.  i have tried this mix several times and though i have not noticed a jolt in energy, i did not get overly fatigued either, especially while playing in the hot sun.  it mixes well with plain water though it seems to settle out a little bit if left to sit in the glass for a while.  the flavor is not all that good  it has a strong, almost bitter flavor that i do not really care for.  i have since started mixing this with another electrolyte mix that has a sweeter and more pleasant flavor.  i like the combination and it really keeps my electrolyte level up when sweating and exercising in the heat.
very disappointed. these were the first pair of shears for me, as i am a nursing student.  these could barely cut through two layers of gauze.
noisy and ineffective. all it did was pull at my poor cats butt furs and make him real mad. the clipper guard was too long to even touch his hairs and the product came with no other sizes.
i lift a lot. both at the gym and at work. this gives me great back support. i like the fact that it is adjustable, so when i need more or less support, i can adjust as needed. i had this on while sitting as well and it helped me sit upright,  proper posture. i am sure if i continue wearing it for the great  back brave it is, i might see my waist shrink as well. but the sole reason i bought this was for my back!! i was fortunate enough to purchase this item at a discounted price in return for my honest opinion.
maintains sharpnessreasonable price
i have not yet been able to figure out how to have the light come on at the time that i want it to. i have been through the poor instruction book that came with it, but cannot figure out how to program the  thing to work. the display light is a bit too bright for when the lights are off, and the nature sounds are annoying. i think you need to keep looking if you are looking for a lamp that slowly lights up in the a.m.
this pain relief cream from the appropriately named "dr. paine" did not work that well for me. there is a slight menthol scent and the lotion is absorbed quickly without leaving much residue, which is a good thing. however, it seems ineffective for strong back pain. for some reason i associate strong smelling creams with higher potency  since this one is mild, it does not seem to have much impact. the positive thing is that you can apply the cream and go out without someone noticing a strong scent. however, i prefer ben gay for providing stronger pain relief. this one is just meh.
i am new to wood repair kits but our contractor suggested using this sort of kit to hide small cracks and scratches.  depending on the depth of the scratch, i used the wax crayon first and then the marker to cover the color.  i used this on our older scratched furniture and on the wood accents on our window sills.  not too difficult although it takes some time to get used to the materials.  it did help make scratches less visible, so the kit was worth it for us.
it works great. i thought it would be horrible quality because its so cheap but its actually great. not too rough on the skin, and very smallcompact. make sure to charge before you use
the glasses arrived in 10 days from china to the west coast, well packed, in perfect condition. they included a sturdy, trim little black zippered case and a microfiber cleaning cloth.i bought these after reading an article about ways to increase energy; apparently, looking at electronic screens exposes you to a blue light that tends to keep you in awake mode...which means it will be difficult to sleep when you want to an hour or so later. yellow or orange tinted lenses block the blue light, decreasing eye strain and allowing you to fall asleep more naturallyeven if you tend to be eyeing those screens right up until bedtime, like i do.they seem to work! and the magnification is fine. i am buying another pair for work.
this broth is not going to be salty or flavorful enough for most people.mixing a scoop into any big bowl of soup, however, adds a boost of healthy benefits.an added plus is that many ingredients are organic, such as the spices and flavor.making my own bone broth is a process that takes forever. and every minute of that process means that my dogs are whining because they know something good is cooking! it is easier on everyone, when you can just take a scoop and mix it into hot water or soup.i am in my sixties, and always get comments on how youthful my skin looks for my age. part of it is the serums and moisturizers, but a big part of it is taking collagen. prior to using this, i used the amy myers md chicken broth. i am more than satisfied with the quality and effectiveness of both.
there is no surprise toy. the only toy are the 3 egg toys. it is not actually toys inside of the bath bombs though. our nephew was extremely let down to find this out.
i was very excited for these to arrive, as i have been looking for an affordable back massage tool. when i opened the package i was so disappointed at what i actually received. the tools looked as if they were put together halfhazardly.the legs of the massager were uneven. for some reason they were all slightly different lengths, so i could not even use it effectively. the wood coating was also messy and not smooth at all. there were globs and bubbles of dried coating on the wooden surface.i know this was a relatively inexpensive massager, but i cannot even enjoy at least one use. so in my opinion, i would certainly recommend spending a little more for a better quality product.
really great size. because there are 4 sections,  even if you take lots caps, there is so much room
this scale is perfecti ordered and received it almost faster than if i purchased at a king size pharmacy or some such....inexpensive with fast deliveryless spent than if l had to drive to purchaseand the best part is the product is accurate and well made!! buy oneyou will be pleased!
small size makes it easy to store in purse or desk drawer. works well.
sneak those crazy beet nutrients into your yogurt or curry, and fool even yourself! and never waste another calorie with useless seconds of chewing! aplus! nice beety flavor, too!
very inexpensive for what you get. seems well constructed and high quality for the price, and the ribbon to hang it is quite sturdy.
my white vehicle had road tar in several areas this product was great. removed all the tar after consistent pressure with a microfiber towel. highly recommended.
re the orange "permanent deafmaker" ear plugs aka "let us go to the er at 5am" plugs i put the orange plugs in and went to sleep.at 4am i woke up with pain in my left ear. i remove the right plug and try to remove the left plug, but the clear plastic nib comes out and leaves the plug in my ear.for the next hour i try to pull the plug out but i cannot. it is painful and i am worried i need to go to an emergency room. without the clear plastic nib it is impossible to grab onto. i try tweezers, but i cannot get a grip.at 5am, i wake up my neighbor and ask them for help. he tries the tweezers but it does not work. we decide to gently insert a wooden toothpick into the hole where the clear plastic nib used to be, and after about 30 minutes of very careful jiggling, we get it out.i cry.my neighbor consoles me. we go to bed. i cannot sleep, my adrenaline has been activated. i normally wake up at 9am, so i lost 5 hours of sleep that night.this is dangerous and should never be sold to consumers. re the gummy silicone earplugs these are the most usable, but they worry me. they are not effective unless the gummy part extends into the ear canal, which you are not supposed to do based on the directions, but if you do this it forms a vacuum seal and does pretty good at keeping sound out.the issue is that if you so much as tap your ear, you will feel it on your ear drums because of the seal. you have to be very very very careful when you pull these out or you will rupture your eardrums.if you put them in like you are supposed to, just covering the outside of the ear canal, they let almost all of the sound in still. they cannot be used safely, in my opinion, and i recommend not using them in an unsafe way just to get them to work. i was desperate and so i did it the unsafe way, but do not do what i did. re the other earplugs the grey bombshaped ear plugs were not effective at all for me, they sat in my ear and let all the sound in still. they have clear plastic fins on them to pull them out, and although mine did not break like the orange earplugs did, i would still be afraid of them being a safety hazard if they did break.the blue christmastree shaped earplugs seem the safest, they are all one piece of rubber and so it seems like a very low risk of breaking, and you can safely insert them and they seem to work. the only issue is they are not really meant to block sound so much as reduce volume, so i can still hear snoring, construction work, etc. plus, they have a long piece that sticks out and prevents you from putting your ears on your pillow comfortably. if you sleep on your back, or you do not use them for sleeping, they would be fine. i would recommend this pair to you if you just need to reduce noise and not block it out completely and do not sleep on your side. quick summary except for the blue christmas tree shaped earplugs, i would recommend you just throw these ear plugs in the trash so you do not hurt yourself.
there are not quite as many decorations included in this pack as expected but it is perfect for decorating a smaller room or entranceway. i did not have any issues with defective balloons etc. the mylar balloons were a hit with the kids.i would definitely recommend this for any halloween party or for halloween night.
uncomfortable but better hold than pro version
this product was priced very well but is not top quality. that being said, what you do get is a nice cheap way to incorporate cupping into your massage practice. you get quite a bit in size options so that is very helpful, and they do maintain good suction. the only thing i do not like is that over time the plastic cups show signs of being brittle and some have cracked. they did last me quite a while for being so cheap so i cannot complain. i was not looking for a big investment so for the price it was worth it to me and i use it as my practice set. i did enjoy the cupping procedure and the pump handle really let us you control the strength of the suction quite well. so, if you would like to try out cupping but do not want to invest in an expensive kit, this one is the one for you! the cupping technique has helped me with my shoulder pain as it really breaks up adhesions and gives more blood flow to the area. i place the cup on a sore spot and suction the skin about half way up the cup and let it stay for a few minutes like that. another technique is to put massage oil on the area of your skin first, then suction it a little less than half way and then slide the cup around. youtube has some great tutorials.
here is the thingthese will not last you like a regular sponge. so i had to get over that fact.here is what they willliamson do  they will get in the tight spots, clean the crappy chrome around your faucets better than anything in the market with less effor. they get into nooks and crannies. its their thing! also good on mirrors . i keep them in the bathrooms and kitchen. stainless steel rims, etc. look like new now.
works as advertized!
i have a sensitivity to tags and seams in clothing. placing this over them has saved me on numerous occasions from wanting to crawl out of my skin.
b;ought for my wifei have not heard her say any thing negative about it so i guess she is happy.
good ingredients, but hard to stay put on the gum... ends up just a sawdust mouth experience where you have to spit it all out and rinse ... hmm... wish they made this in a gel form or paste or something other than powdered herbs...
it is as thick as the name brand and about the cost as you would pay at a box store but slightly less expensive then the name brand you can buy here.
i actually bought this just for the blades. i have a callus shaver, but to buy the blades by themselves cost more than this set. i gave the shaver to a friend with a blade installed, she is pleased with it.
i really liked it. i gave it to my family member for them when they buy their new home
i am on my second box of this.  it makes the fermented vegetables have a much better flavor than run of the mill fermented veggies.  i use the recipe recommended adding juiced celery and also add some himalayan salt.  super tasty!
greater magnification, but shorter depth of field. would not work for my computer use so i returned them.
comes in handy
work great for my husband.  very well made.
cinnamon mouthwash is a must in our household.  my husband loved cinnamon listerene but that is no longer sold.  so i found this.  he actually preferred the lavoris.  he said it has great flavor.. not too much alcohol.. just right.
this swag is pretty but it is not as pictured. the picture is showing purple and some pink . what i received is nice and full, but it is all purple. i might get more silk flowers to add to it because the one color is boring to me. i put it on my front door..
highly recommend great taste and great buy
had this unit for over a year now, and it is very quite.originally bought this to try to eliminate the cigarette odors that would come from downstairs neighbors who enjoy smoking on their porch on hot summer nights, when you have your window open. it worked okay, would not eliminate all, but it definitely cut the odors down.since then we have moved to a smaller apartment, and this unit is now by the cat's litter box. again, though it cuts down on the odors, it does not eliminate it all together. actually, feed your kitties those cat grass helps much more.
i personally had one and sent to mom another one. i did not see any benefits from it myself. i did not feel it doing anything about the pain at all. it was soothing to massage into my body and it does not have an offensive smell, but as for ending pain... not helpful. mom said it was okay and it worked ok for her but she has not asked me to get her another one so i think it is not a completely fail, but it is not worth it to get again.
these tasty and nutritious bars are worth the price. they are filling. there is no chocolate in them, just carob. they do have mik and peanut butter however.
these are excellent boxes for presenting gifts in.  they are made of good, white cardboard that have a nice sheen and a good texture.  they are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  just fold on the creases and slide the tabs into the slots on the bottom.  i would not put a particularly heavy object in them since the tabs and slots are all that keep the bottom intact.  these boxes make a perfect cube shape.
very poor quality.
i apologize for not saying so sooner.. my fibromyalgia has good days and bad. it is also extremely hot down here so i try not to be on amazon too long because i spent too much money lol but truly it is a beautifully crafted piece. i use t for head piece during full moon rites but i do love it. i plan to take a peek around your shop soon. ty
exceeded my expectations. i bought this for camping and travel. we were able to put three large duffle bags, air mattresses, blankets and sleeping bags in it.  everything stayed dry. that left room for camping supplies in my toyota highlander and five passengers. i used ratchet tie downs in addition to the ties included  put a rag under each ratchet to insure no rubbing.  i also put tarps in the bottom of my hitch haul to insure that the hitch haul bolts did not wear holes in the bag.  worked perfectly.
very inaccurate readings. do not buy. waste of money
these pads are super thick and high quality. they do not leak. heavy duty! i wish they were larger and less expensive.i use them as dog pads for 2 small dogs. not sure how they hold up for bed protection for people but they are the best quality i have ever gotten.
my girlfriend used it on a burnt pot and it did a good job. after seeing the results, i wanted to get it for myself in case i need it.
i bought these socks as gifts for nurses' day. they were awesome!
i am a big believer in aromatherapy so i decided to try this one out.  it smells amazing and it has helped me relax into a deep sleep.  it is very convenient to just spray it on my sheets before bedtime.  i will definitely order again soon.
bright colors
i struggle with drinking an adequate amount of water, and i have never found other flavored waters or flavored drops to be enjoyable, as you can always taste an overly sweet, fake flavor. i received a bottle of coconut water drops as part of a birthday gift, and i became obsessed. with just a squeeze or two of these infusion drops, i can drink bottle after bottle of water, and it fits into my new zerosugar lifestyle. the only downside is the price...a bottle of water infusion drops lasts me less than two weeks, so it is pricey to keep up with my obsession, though the fact that these drops make my water so yummy that i avoid soda probably makes it worth it.
these are a decent option if you are looking for a reusable period product. they are easy to use and clean, but i do find them a bit bulky. i like that the inner lining is black so i do not have to worry about stains.
it does have an easy to read dial, works better for me than digital as i am handicap and it is difficult for me to step up straight on there, course the only thing i do not really care for is my weight as it says what i really am! lol
easy to make!
this avcoo 4 channel tens unit for pain relief is not for me. i got this for upper back pain. the caution part says where my pain is could cause rhythm disturbances which could be lethal.the box comes with a muscle stimulator machine. it has 12 electrode pads. it also comes with cables, a drawstring bag, and instructions.i will not be recommending this avcoo 4 channel tens unit for pain relief to family and friends.
quality product.  just as advertised.  works perfectly.  will buy from here again!
great tissues for cold and allergy seasons
just like my grandmother use to use
i hung them up at my friends surprise party as decorations and they were super cute! very decently priced so i was very happy with my purchase!
i had a cross made of silver and it was completely black from tarnishing, i follow the directions and dip it in the solution for just a few seconds when it came out i wiped it and wonderful. great product highly recommend .
i always  try to buy this brand of tissue.
works great and very well made
some people just cannot sleep with total silence. i can. my wife cannot. and, we have a hard time finding something that we can both accept. she wants the tv on. it keeps me awake. i like soft music. it keeps her awake. this tabiger white noise machine has so many options, we found something that works for both of us, the sound of waves gently lapping on the shore. if you do not like that, there is air conditioner, train sounds, rain, frogs, crickets, a crackling fire, birds, soft piano music, instrumental lullaby, and more. even just simple white noise. the quality of the sound is very good. and, the multimode night light is a nice touch. if you need sound to sleep soundly, i recommend this device. five stars.
product was supposed to include 4 rubber feet. mine only came with one
my favorite paper towel.  very absorbent and i love that it feels like cloth.
the socks are very well made and provide a lot of compression at first wearing maybe a little too much but after wearing them a few  times they are very supportive and not quiet as tight.
shipping are  l carriers. 62;62;62;top notch. i was very concerned about this after reading some of the reviews here. use the tracking number provided by amazon on the are  l carriers website. my chair arrived 5 days early. relax, they do call you the day before and a signature is required. i tipped the driver 20 to wheel the palletpackage into my garage for the night he came at 700pm ! treat the man nice, and he will probably do the same for you.  just do not expect him to bring it into your house. he is really not suppose to go further than the edge of your driveway where you put your trash cans.setup the driver gave me some awesome advice. leave the chair in the box when you bring it in the house. yes, believe it or not, by doing it this way, i was able to get this 244 pound beast inside all by myself !!! the secret is to slide the box where it is possible and 34;walk34; the box where it is not. for my 4 step porch, i laid down a plywood sheet for a temporary ramp. the shipping straps made excellent handles and your chair will have protection all the way to your mancave. try it.  you can always resort to cutting the box open if it does not work out.assembly again, some reviews had me nervous. no sweat. take your time 34;eyeballing34; it. the 34;nonremovable34; retainer clips were already installed on the posts.not suppose to be, but they were. to solve the chinese puzzle gently insert a small flat blade screwdriver in the very middle, twist slightly, slip the clipretainer off the post gently. it may take you 3 hands, 5 minutes, or both. these are suppose to be oneshot retainers and they will break easily.there were no spares. next, get the leg assembly as close as possible. connect the 3 colorcoded pneumatic hoses and 1 electrical connection first. moistenlube the air connection fittings, it will help. slip the leg assembly support rings on the posts one at a time, then reinstall the retainer clips. the ac power and controller cables easily connect on the bottom back of the chair. you are now ready for lift off.the ride holy smokes... no buyer remorse here.  this thing will have you smiling.  heaven on your back and kinky on your ass. another reviewer put it perfectly 34;it works your butt over like a greek.34; warning do not use more than 20 minutes 5 minutes in one specific area. yes, you will be tempted to ride all day, but like a hot tub, be sensible and do not over do it. enjoy.
when you cannot get in the shower and want to feel refreshed or just clean these are really good to have around. thick enough that you will not easily drive your fingers through the material but thin enough to be usable. ok scent. useful cloths.
i had recommended sleeves like these for my boyfriend to offer ankle support and compression. i own other types of sleeves like these that help me with my plantar fasciitis. nevertheless, he tried these and says they are very, very comfortable. he likes them as "socks" but says they do not offer any support or compression. i tried them on and they are too big on me. i got size 1315 and he takes a 13 shoe, so these were the right size for him.he personally does not understand why they are open toe and neither do i. nevertheless, he likes them for other reasons other than what they are advertised for. to him these are five stars for comfort but they do not hold up to the support claims. therefore, look elsewhere for ankle support.
i looked endlessly for brushes that had a cleaning tip, particularly one that worked well. this is the answer!  the cottonlime top gets everything clean!  love these brushes!
i loved the swarovski crystals.  it was fun to have so much bling on my ears.  the adhesive did not stick well in areas on a ridge.  also, on each ear one of the crystals moved to the point of revealing the gold pellet underneath.  i did not mind, they still looked pretty.  be aware that some people, such as myself, react poorly to gold.  i will not be able to use these for myself again, and the crystal styles currently only come with gold plated pellets.
worked great
works real good
this laptop table works great.
why take a product that is so simple to use and complicate it so much? i followed the directions and could not get it to heat up. it might work great, but, i do not have the patience to figure it out, so am returning it.
this appears to be the right sponge for my wand but is is not. i bought these in november and having run out of the sponges i had i reached int the cupboard and grabbed a  new sponge. wow i am i disappointed.  it does not fit my wand. the shape of the sponge is correct but the base is wrong. its way past 30 days so i cannot return them. maybe i can find a new wand. but really? what a pain. be careful. check the base not only the sponge
ok to use with adult supervision in case kids wanted to step on. fragile because glass!!!
this does nothing to make foundation smoother. if anything it makes it look like i have tried to put makeup on with a plastic bag.
i love this stuff.  i am not sure of it is health benefits but it has great flavor and is a healthier alternative than a lot of other additives to water.
let me just start from the beginning. first, the packaging for this is super cute and totally is what drew me to this energy supplement. the packaging draws you in and the name itself totally makes you want to see what this is. then you read cherry bomb and i was totally intrigued and it sounds like it would be an awesome flavor. this stuff ticked all my boxes on looks and drawing me in.however, when i opened it and smelled what was in this, nope, nope, oh heck to the nope nope. i have to be completely honest, i cannot even tell you what it smelled like because it is not something i have ever smelled. yeah, tells you exactly what it is huh. i know, it is driving me crazy too because it is this strong striking scent that you think you know but then when you think about it, you really have no idea. then i tried it. worst mistake ever. it is like battery acid meets stomach bile, except i would rather drink that. the worst part is while i was very hesitant to even try this after smelling it, i was like i have tried things that smelled horrible, tried it, and honestly it was awesome. however, me being dumb and super thirsty i ended up downing half a bottle before wanting to rip my tongue out. it is messed up because it started out totally fine until you stop drinking and then the smell turns into the taste. my tongue is still mad at me, and i do not blame it. i still have remnants of the smell and then it reminds me of the taste and i spit up a bit. yeah, it is gross. it is more than gross, seriously do not buy this stuff. and being someone that drinks zero sugar drinks and sugarfree stuff, it is not this being sugarfree.on another note, i wish everything came with the little scoops that glytch uses. it is a scoop and funnel in one and is totally genius. so at least i got a super awesome scoop out of this horrid stuff.
what a lovely presentation to give as a gift.that said i eat almost 100  vegan, and not looking to lose weight, as thissays it will keep you full.but i am looking for eating healthy.mct oil is healthy for your body, and i use it for my salads with allot of seasonings.there is not any taste to this.most people use this in there coffee, which i do not drink, andin there tea.  although i do drink tea but i have not put this in it.but i do put this in a smoothie when i am in a rush and do not havetime to eat.  although i think smoothie are a waste as there is notany fiber left in a smoothie there so parred.i do think this is pricey, and is clear that it should be.comes in a nice glass clear bottle that looks like  a bottle of vodka!
these are the cheapest piece of crap you could by.  the sleeve itself does not stay in place and the padding inside is a piece of itchy scratchy egg crate foam.  there is no cover on the foam.  i cannot believe this item has gotten such rave reviews.  i will be posting a video to show you the quality, or lack of it with this product.  you are better off buying something else like futuro which is what i am using now for my ulnar nerve issues which have been bothering me both day and night.  the futuro elbow support has been working great and i highly recommend it!
i am very happy with this product. i hate taking bulky vitamins and trying to remember how many to take. this is a convienent and easy fit in my fast paced lifestyle. it has no flavor and is a very fine powder. this makes it easy to add to shakes, yogurt, or oatmeal. the only thing i did not like was the resealable bag it came in, because it does not close well. i just ended up putting the product in another container.  this has been the best way for me to add these essential nutrients to my diet. thank you!
my hubby and i use the product to relaxand help with sleeping. product works wellwe'll order again.
this is the third time i have bought this product. the sticks that were in the bottle were no longer working. the sticks in the pouch did work but that meant 100 sticks did not on opening.
seems to be working and i am not having the jitters or clenching my teeth. i like the fact you can step off and not crash
i use this to make magnesium oil.  i add 1 part water to 12 part flakes ex. 1 oz water to 12 oz flakes. if you want it stronger use 1 to 1 ex 1 oz distilled water to 1 oz flakes. best to store in a spray bottle. can also be used as a deodorant.
very cheesy and crunchy. the biggest problem is that i could not stop eating once i started.
it arrived on time. nice product, clean smell.
good stuff  as advertised
before you buy fan australian bush flower essence for this kind of a price do shop around.
i got this to replace a plastic sterilite stool i used to get into my very high bed.  the plastic stool had cracked and was unsafe. this stool is heavy duty, sturdy and stable. it came fully assembled in an extra thick cardboard box. it has crossbars between the legs to give more strength. it has a nonslip surface on the step and does not slide on the floor.  i am glad i spent the extra money and got this stool that i expect will last a lifetime.
works best on clean glasses. slick packaging.
when i pulled this out of the box i initially was caught off guard by how old school and basic this hair dryer looks. but when i used it, it completely changed my opinion. this hairdryer blows... but in a good way. it dried my hair really fast, way faster than my old hairdryer. its windtunnellevel airflow and the high heat setting is super hot. maybe even too hot sometimes. its also lightweight and easy to handle. i hope this lasts for a long time.
a single tablet is plenty for a cup of coffee.i think these are a bit sweeter than the same size splenda tablets.this is great for home or an office desk drawer.the cylinder container is the diameter of a you.s. quarter.i have reordered two more 1200 tablet containers.  i  take them with me when i travel.
great! holds well and makes a shower possibleinjury makes it impossible for me to reach very high and i was able to put this at the correct height for my use.
i have allergies to long haired dogs and evergreens. this is a natural allergy medicine that works wonders. i have been dog sitting at my friends house who has a long haired dog and nettle has made it possible to still breathe. thank you natures way!
for when i am craving dark chocolate and raspberry  this one has good flavor, high protein and less carbs.  beware about eating more than one a day though  unless you are wanting a cleansing with cramps.
this seems to be a wellformulated probiotic for women. i have been taking it for about a week and i think that it has been helping me, along with the other digestive enzymes, pre and postbiotics that i take. it is hard to quantify exactly how much, but it does seem to help with my digestion issues that come with post viral inflammation.
the only way to buy them in bulk
ill start by saying that the pair of jade facial tools i received do indeed match the online product photos. the gua sha scraper is a significantly darker shade of green than the lighter bright green hue of the accompanying roller. i am not sure why anyone would intentionally choose a set of paired tools that differ so drastically in color, but at least they have been accurately represented in the listing.while the scraper is smoothly polished and comfortable to use and hold, the dualended roller is rather noisy. unlike most other jade rollers currently available, this roller does not have the clear silicone plugs present inside each drilled cylinder, so all rolling motions produce a clunking sound as the stones bump up against the metal bars of the triangleshaped hardware. the stones are nicely polished and attractive otherwise, and each end of the roller still provides adequate pressure, but the overall functionality leaves a little to be desired since a silent rolling mechanism has not been ensured.at a current list price of 4.95, this is by far the cheapest jade facial set i have come across, so it might be great for new users who are looking to test drive a pair of these tools before possibly selecting a slightly more expensive version, but the visual impact of the widely different color shades is definitely distracting.
this is a nice denture bath.  good quality and comes in three pieces  the lid, the inside basket and the outer bin.  the lid comes off easy so it is easy to access the basket  it just lifts out of the bin.  i ordered the standard size and i was a little concerned it would be too small but nope  both my upper and lower dentures fit nicely.
did not work.  i have a more textured curly hair type, and this did nothing for me. my regular flat iron does a better job at straightening and curling my ends. maybe its more for naturally straight hair??????? i do not know
life extension products have always been slightly over priced, for the last 3233 years that i have purchased them. but, product works for my needs, and you get what you pay for.
it is significantly louder than my other tool foot scrubber electric foot file callus remover hard skin remover pedicure tools for cracked heels and dead skin with 3 roller heads white by bompow.on first try i thought it did not powerup but you have to hold the power button down until it powers up.i like that it comes with 3 heads to suit different issues.waterproof! safe to use in the bath or shower! i am shouting with happiness because this is the best ever, so much better than all the manual tools!the only negative is it does not come with a adapter for the wall, only a usb charging cord. also because it has different attachments a small cloth bag would have been wonderful to keep it all together.
when i had surgery a few months ago i was unable to put my pillows over my head as id grown accustomed to doing. i have a cpap machine with nose cushion mask and i used the pillows to hold that in place while blocking the light overnight. but that surgery meant i could not use the pillows  i had to sleep on my back and propped a bit for two months. so i got a night mask and have slept all the better ever since. when my wife saw the difference in me she started to sleep with a mask as well  the darker night has made sleep deeper and more recuperative.we each have a mask we love the same, gotten on amazon, but we wanted a back up for her so she could wash that one from time to time. i saw this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade and decided to give it a try. ill admit  she thought i was off base with the wrap around design  it would not fit or it would be too hot or... but she gave it a try. she loves it!1. this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade wraps around the full head. i have a larger head, wearing a lgxl baseball hat. she does not  hers is much smaller. this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade fits both of our heads comfortably.2. i have not slept in this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade, but i did try it on with my cpap nose cushion mask  it does not sit right. i can get it closed and all the way around my head, but i use it and the purpose is so as to block out all light. with the cpap on there is a large gap at the base of the mask where it goes over the nose piece. unlike other masks i have, i cannot recommend this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade for someone with this type of cpap.3. the materials are excellent! this is a soft and luxurious wrap that feels cool and soft, making for a very comfortable experience. my wife did end up taking it off about halfway through the night, feeling it heated her head too much. to be fair, she has the same issue with pillows, but not with masks that have only the eyes covered with a strap around. i had it on only for a brief time, i felt i could go longer than my wife, but again, needing the cpap i am unable to use it.4. what we both like is that there is a softening of sound with it on. we use a sound machine to keep nighttime sounds drowned out, but this adds to that  my wife really felt it helped her sleep a little more blocking out additional sound.5. the velcro is easy onoff and it is well attached to the wrap, keeping one from worrying it will detach  its secure.6. looks nice. for the ladies, this has a nice, feminine look  my wife says so.as of this writing, my wife loves it  as do i, though it does not allow me to use it  and will use it often. she does take it off it gets hot  but that is something that she feels is a personal thing. in the end, she is happy to have it and happy to recommend this luxury silk sleep mask  tara sartoria artisan handmade mask.
i am almost 50 and have noticed my focus and concentration on the decline. i noticed a tremendous difference on the 2 dose 2 day!i was able to stay focused on a project for over 10 overs with distraction.i am beginning to feel like my younger self!
have no issues with them holding
the mask is soft but there was some color transfer onto my pillows.  i cannot explain why this happened.  also, the plastic adjustment clasp on the elastic band can gouge the side of my head.  there must be better sleep mask options out there...
wow. i am so happy about finding this product , i hope amazon continues to sell it . recently i had shingles and then got contact dermatitis  allergy so i am trying the  free of  this one cleans as the ultra stain release original does just no fragrance. tide and amazon come through again.
very nice looking and seems sturdy.
it is a nice bunch of stuff  packed in a box. for the money  it is worth  it very nice selection  of stones.
these are nice for using on your face, but they do not hold enough soap to clean larger parts of the body. the two pads measure 3" x 2.5" and have soft silicone bristles that felt great on my face. you squirt a little liquid soap on these and rub it on a wet face, and the soap suds up nicely and cleans well. the only problem is that soap can get on the other side and make the pad slippery to hold. i just grasp the knob between two fingers rather than sticking my fingers in the pocket, and then i can keep a pretty good grip.there is also a scrubber that has a sponge inside. you can squirt soap on the sunny face, then squeeze the sponge to create a fine, white foam from the soap. these bristles are a little bit firmer than the pads, but they are still very nice feeling on the face. the reverse side has thicker, stiffer silicone bristles. the sponge is pretty easy to squeeze and pull out of the hole. it dries quickly when removed. the scrubber is a nice size to easily hold and squeeze while using. it is 2 inches tall by 2 inches wide.
we use this to get my mom's wheelchair from our kitchen into the sunroom.  it works great.  very sturdy
this is the best stuff for removing thermal compoundgrease. much better than using rubbing alcohol.
i think every household needs cleaning gloves. these have the same quality as playtex. they are latexfree so you do not have to worry if you have allergies. there are different colors, so you can color code according to task. this is a great buy.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
just probably me but i did not like smell. i gave it to friend .i want a real pine smell
it does seem to whiten your teeth.  it is in powder form, which does take a bit of getting used to.  i dip my dampened tooth brush into the powder and brush my teeth.  its black!  so you really get all the edges cleaned getting out all the residual cleaner.  it seems to be a natural alternative to chemical laden products.
i held off on buying 13 cottons because i figured it could not be good for vaping! its amazon cotton and its cheap, but do not let that deter you! i tried many different brands, including cotton bacon prime, cloud 9, wotofo cotton, goose cotton, etc etc. this cotton keeps up with the best and has become a favorite of mine!! it has very little break in time, lasts a long time, and the flavor on it is as good as the best cottons!  do not hesitate, you will not be disappointed.. i sure was not!!
i recently scavenged a pair of these nose pieces from another pair of glasses and this order of, 10 pair dshape screwon or clickon silicone nose pads 15 mm 10 pair, d shape 15mm screw on was placed just after the change out.  these are soft, but still firm and will first be used to replace the scavenged pair and then be a reserve for future nose piece problems.  i anticipate it to happen, as my daughters parrots have chewed two off now.  i am ready for the next assault.
sometimes this works against my nighttime leg cramps and sometimes it does not, but i still like to have it on hand.
really terrible product.  has no power at all.  waste of money.
well built but dimensions are just enough off to limit use
i read tons of descriptions and reviews before i decided to give this product a try. its been a while since i have had a pedicure. my feet are in love! the foot file did a pretty good job of removing rough skin without harm. works much faster than a pumas stone. i did my husband's feet and he likes a result too.
pros this set contains just about every size cleaning brush you could possibly need to clean your combs, razors and trimmers. they are incredibly easy to clean, too. cons i cannot think of anything negative to say about this kit. love it!
i cannot get these to work.  not a good idea for me.
broke faster than we could get them to work.
ok these are great so far. takes forever to arrive or at least feels like when cannot see.  light and comfortable to wear for long periods
easy to use. not bad flavor at all. the easier it is to use. the more i can take it. i have reordered. i cannot really tell if it works. i just keep taking a variety of joint relieve products to maintain flexibility without the pain of arthritis. hopefully this and all products for arthritis relief work.
nearly every time i have ever purchased rubber  gloves they have either been far too big or too small  the ones in this set absolutely could not fit any better!from the fit in the fingers to across the palm and back of the hand to up the arm  these gloves are exactly the right size for me.there are 4 pairs of gloves in this set!  two sets of gloves that are unlined that feel just like a second skin  providing the ultimate in dexterity while still protecting your hands.  and the other two pairs of gloves are flocked with a cotton liner making them not only easier to get on and take off but softer and providing some protection from hot dish water.on both types of gloves, the tips of the fingers are reinforced giving extra durability yet still allowing for excellent dexterity and range of motion.  the texture on the palm and finger pads aides in being able to grip and hold anything you are working on without any issue.the forearm protection 6.5  giving the ability to reach down into liquids without the liquid flooding the glove  the total length of the glove is 12.6.these gloves are constructed from pvc polyvinyl chloride and are thus latex free making them excellent for those with a latex allergy.i have really put these gloves to the test with the unlined gloves i have worked outside, scrubbing metal cabinets with wire brushes and chemicals and have yet to wear through a single pair!  i have used the lined gloves as i have cleaned my grill and scoured countless dirty pans.these are the best rubber gloves i have ever seen.  i definitely recommend these to those looking for excellent, long lasting rubber gloves to protect your hands!  this is an outstanding buy!
this washin helped restore the water repellency of my favorite nylon she will. i am not giving it 5 stars because it did not make the she will totally repellent, but maybe that is asking too much. it did a very good job, does not smell or leave a residue, and does not appear to affect the breathability of the fabric.
i am so very upset! this product not only took out the ugly dark coffee stains, but it ruined the beautiful shiny finish on the inside of my vintage coffee pot. if you have a vintage coffee pot do not buy this! it will ruin it.
fits great, looks nice and great price!
sounds good, not bose quality but good for the price. battery lasts for a few nights sleep.
i have problems with calloused heels and so i need to do some exfoliation from time to time.  i have used the batterypowered emjoi for years, but i got tired of replacing the batteries.  this one is more convenient, more powerful, and faster.warning  be careful!  this can very easily grind too much skin off the feet and create a wound.  it is best to go easy.
so far so good with these capsules. i have had no bad side effects and some good so that works well. they seem to do wonders for the hair and skin. they are said to have antibiotic type effects as well which is always a plus. these are rich in antioxidants and the capsules are vegetarian. since you are supposed to take one capsule twice a day this is only a one month supply so that is something to consider when deciding if you are going to start a regimen that includes this exact brand of neem seed oil supplement. it is a good supplement to use and seems to work so it may be worth it.
here are some key points in my overall experience smell of the broccoli was stronger than the taste lol, so do not be deterred by the smell lol easy way to add some veggies to your diet! perfect for putting in smoothies, or add to juice i love that this product is organic, nongmo, and no fillers i would have liked to know if this product is raw or cooked, and also how much of the powder is one daily serving of veggies overall good experience, but hoping they add the above info, which i would find very valuable!
used it once. then tossed it. did not curl my lashes
excellent flavor and i know from previous use of a different flavor that these work quite well for my upsets.
great tasting way to get vitamin c
have used for years. always feel scrubbed clean. and easily reaches your back. they never mildew or tear. replace every 36 months.
cleans the air in my car beautifully. leaves it freah.
this product works perfectly.  it does exactly what it says it will do.  and it is an amazing price!  i would recommend this to anyone.  i have one for most of my rooms but plan to get two more so that all rooms have it!
this is exactly as described.  i was nervous it would not be the size described but it is a large size to fit any bulky or thick items for storage.  very sturdy construction and the window is a plus.
great to clean and sanitize wounds.
would recommend these mask over all others i have purchased over the past few years. i can chew gum and talk while wearing these mask with no problem.
have not used it a great deal yet but i like the idea of a bug guard in lotion form.  it is exactly as described  arrived promptly.
these are what i was looking for and do what i needed them to do.  i am happy with them.
frankly, we like this product. it does not leak all the soap out as the 3m product did, and it cleans the dishes just fine. the problem is that the sponge head comes loose from the plastic base that holds it on the handle. the first one came off in about a week or so, and now the second one has done the same. the seller is willing to send me a new set and have me return the old set, but unfortunately, the ups store here is not a regular store, and i would need to go 90 miles to a fullservice ups store. i will see what alternatives the seller and amazon offer. frankly, this is a bummer since the product is head and shoulders better than our previous 3m ones if only it would stay glued together.
i have been on a mission to try out as many nutrition bars as i can find, looking for a combination of good health, good taste, and reasonable cost. after trying virtually all the flavors of a couple dozen different brands, these came in second to .  the kit bars are a bit more expensive with no subscribe and save option but are healthy, tasty and not too sweet.we also like larabars and kind bars but find both too sweet.thinkthin crunch have more sodium and less sugar and are soso in taste.kashi bars are the cheapest at .50 apiece and the almond flax version are the least sweet.my recent least favorite are coconut simply whey bars with a fairly yucky taste.
a little in my morning coffee does the trick!
this package contained two household chore gloves one with the cotton lining, one without a lining. they are of the large size. i usually wear women's large size, and these fit well. they were easy to pull on and off, including the one that did not have cotton lining on the inside. they fit close enough and are flexible enough that i could do chores that require some dexterity. the gloves cover your hand, wrist, and part of the lower arm. i am very pleased with these as i usually have trouble finding gloves that fit well, are easy to get on, and do not provoke my latex allergy.
good price. easy to use. provides a deep clean for my appliances.
replaced original, perfect fit, the only down fall is that the adjustment stem adjustment pins are not the same as original?  no reason why, made it work anyway.
held up well even in the wind!
great product and have used it for years.
worked as described
this cleansing brush system is excellent. first it comes with a beautiful carrying case, it has a huge body brush. second, it has a blending brush for getting facial creams well blended into your skin, which means you you less cream and it is fully absorbed. third, it comes with a facial brush for deep cleaning your face. fourth, it comes with a pumice stone as well. all this plus it is battery operated. you really do not need to buy separate gadgets, save money and be completely satisfied with this system. it truly is a wonderful system and i highly recommend it. i bought this with a discount, but would gladly pay full price for one for my daughter in a heartbeat.,
i got this for my father who is advanced in age. his feet ache continuously. blue emu is the first foot salve that gave him relief. he loves this stuff.
in my opinion serves the purpose as well as 150 name brand.
been using these for almost 3 weeks daily am time and i find myself having more energy for whatever i am doing. work, walkrunningbicycling etc i like the fact that it is only two tablets per dosage. it is also very helpful in removing a lot of water they get to retain in the body which causes bloating. excess water.you can take 2 tablets 13 times perday. i find for myself since i am high energy and active that 1 time per day works. find out what is best for you. no crash effect and you feel alert.
the bulb gives light which is not as yellowish as standard soft white bulbs, improving the readability of written text. the bulbs themselves are very compact, slightly shorter than a standand incandescent bulb. turn on time is less than half a second.the two bulbs come in a container made of thin cardboard that offers little protection. both the original shipment and the replacement shipment each had a broken bulb. the bulbs do contain small amounts of mercury which is toxic. they probably should be  ordered separately so as to lessen the chance of them being damaged by other items in the shipment and prevent mercury contamination of the other items.
barely measured out to 16", nowhere near the 17" as advertised. washing element has already starting separating. cheap.
it seemed like it made it harder to breathe not easier.  i returned
this eyelash curler was already charged but failed to get hot after 10 min of being on. after trying it on my eyelashes, as i pressed on it, the plastic cracked. i can not recommend. shipping was okay.
we love the original oreck carpet cleaner.  we have purchased different off brand cleaners and they do not work as well as the original oreck.
i just received this item and it will not even turn on. such a pain to have to return! do not waste your money.
item was securely packaged and sealed.  i use this fragrance in my diffuser to enhance lavender and orange.  the smell is nice and as expected.
does the job well.
love these colors!
i bought this squeegee for our shower tiles and glass door. it works very well. the angle of the handle is adjustable and an extension handle can be installed. i bought a handle adapter through amazon so that a short, screw on handle can be attached. it came with two replacement blades and works very well. makes quick work of getting the water off shower tiles and glass.
this is the only form of iodine that i can take.  not only that years ago i was treated for lyme disease.  my heavy metals were tested and my lead and mercury were off the chart.  while at an amazing clinic i was also treated with chelation therapy to reduce my heavy metals.  by the time i left my lead and mercury were about 12 of what they had been, but were still way too high.  i came home bought an iv pkg from a local dr. but they made me wait 4 months before i could start chelation therapy again.  during that time i was taking 57 of these a day to help with my energy.  i had read that this can remove heavy metals, but??? how effectively.  when the dr. finally had time to see me 4 months later and they tested me for heavy metals they were all but gone!!!  this stuff had pulled the rest of them out of my system.  the 1,000 i paid just had to be used for the occasional vitamin c iv, because no one ever refunds money.  now, the thing about heavy metals is that they can get into every cell so you clean out the blood and other stores will be released.  meaning it might take years and years to completely remove all of the heavy metals depending upon how long you had mercury in your mouth, how much, or how long you were exposed to other things. if you are using it for anything other than as an iodine source you might want to have your heavy metals tested to check your progress.  i have not had my heavy metals tested in years, but this product helps to give me energy and helps me to feel good so i continue to take 35 per day.  they are staples in my ever shrinking supplement list.
no instructions. adjustments very limited. do not appear durable. uncomfortable. do not aid in movement.
omg, this scent is heavenly. bought it once to test if i liked the scent, buying three more now. if you are buying this brand, they usually have free shipping on purchases of 50. the shipping can be expensive, so stocking up every few months can save you some  instead of buying one every once in a while.
they were exactly what i needed for close sewing work and made all the difference in being able to see to thread the needle!
works great.
good for the price
next best thing to jets.  easy to use, and relaxing effect.  when rinsing, i just hang it vertically on the shower to dry!
will take the matte finish off paint though walls and leave shiny spots. will slowly remove the shiny surface of tiles but i think it says that on the box. still a great tool for when nothing else will work.
pretty good. still a little chafing when i am doing longer runs of 10 miles. marathon coming up so i need something for the sports bra area that holds up.
i used this when i had walking pneumonia. i was still sick for 2 months while using this. maybe it works better as a preventative instead of after you are sick.
stronger than my old dollar store readers. i needed new magnifiers for crafts. my old ones got chewed by my puppy. i decided to try stronger ones. these do the trick and are stronger than what i needed. like the fashionable colors. i might take a pair to work and keep on my desk. this is very handy to have spares. i have super high powered ones that only work for jewelry inspection, but not very useful. the 5.00 is good for hand work and miniatures.
great cases
my family follows a low carb diet. these low carb snack bars are quite satisfying. i was full for a good couple of hours after eating one. they are surprisingly soft and chewable. i expected them to be hard and dry, but they are not. i would rate the taste as in between a 3 and a 4. they are definitely palatable. i have had some bars that i have literally had to force myself to eat. i found it easy to eat these. you are not going to mistake them for candy or treats. these would be easy to keep in your bag or take on the go.
the brush is baby soft. it does the job, but not quite what i had hoped.
i used to put a warm washcloth on my face prior to doing extractions. it is messy and inconvenient, and the cloth is only at the right temperature for a short time.i like this unit because it delivers the steam that helps open the pore prior to extraction. and if that was not enough, it even includes some extraction tools.so far so good.
i bring these with me whenever i travel. i recently got back from namibia and botswana. cannot even tell you how many times i found myself in a bathroom with no soap or in a location with no soap and sink after handling animals or about to eat a meal.they are so easy to use. just be sure that you only use one sheet per hand washing. two is too many and you will be stuck trying to get all the extra soap off of your hands.
after seeing this oil suggested to remove scars, acne, fine lines and wrinkles on pinterest i decided to by some and give it a try for myself and it actually met up to my expectations.  my skin has not looked better in years.
great moisturizer!  i  look better already ... usually cheaper on ebay though.
latest update january 2018 after 23 years of trying to keep the little feet on the scale from leaving black streaks on the bathroom floor, i gave up and threw this scale away.  cleaning the feet did not work; coating the feet with clear nail polish worked only for a time; attaching felt covers on the feet also only worked temporarily.  amazing.  so relieved to be rid of the bloody thing.update i removed one star after using this scale for about a year now.  the scale rests on little square rubber feet, and these little bits of rubber leave black streaks on my tiled bathroom floor every single time i move the scale on the floor.  it is like the rubber feet are made of soot.  i tried cleaning them, but no amount of cleaning prevents the feet from leaving black streaks.  i finally painted over the feet with clear nail polish top coat.  that worked for a while but the top coat apparently wears off after a while.  i have had to repaint the rubber feet after a few months.  awful!this is the best bathroom scale i have owned.  ever!  it is sleek in design, easy to read with the bright bluelit background.  most importantly, it is accurate!  my old scale used to give a differenr reading each time i got on it, even if it was seconds apart.  also, this scale uses regular  batteries instead of the hardtofind led batteries the old scale used.  i have only had this scale for about 2 weeks but i am really glad  i made the switch.  if you are looking for an easytoread, accurate scale, i recommend this one.
this has truly saved my life! i use this twice a day to clean my eyes and eyelids, and it truly has been a lifesaver. i was struggling terrifically with dry eye syndrome until my doctors advice nurse suggested i try this. i cannot live without it!
the cart is well made with long handle for easy movement. i only give it 4 stars because the wheels are not tough enough for daily  city use. i had to change the wheels with lawn mower replacement wheels and now nothing can stop in my everyday use. why are not more being sold.
so far, so good. charges my batteries so i always have back up!
its alright. did not notice anything but tingling. i got this stuff "the bustboosting solution", and so far i have seen awesome results. thought i would share! ...
each mint is about 7mg of caffeine, but it feels much more powerful than that! i am not sure which flavor i like more, they are all very good.
i have these on my amazon subscription.when it comes to supplements, sometimes even top brands are adulterated. independent studies have shown that often what you think you are getting, is not what you are getting.amazon says these are tested, and since i have had very good luck with most amazon branded products, i trust them.
just what i desired! great smell!
too hard, missing the softer outer layer. my chiropractor told me to buy this one, but this is cheaper than the one he has. it is missing the outer roll. totally unusable for me.
i like that the straws come individually wrapped since i probably will not be drinking boba tea on a daily basis and these will end up getting thrown and knocked around in a kitchen drawer. perfect size for bubble tea pearls.
these gloves work really well, and they are an extremely timesaving, efficient means to dust both mini blinds and knickknacks.this product is a pair of gloves, and i wear both at the same time, one on each hand, to dust. a handy plus is that once one side of the gloves gets too dusty, you can switch the gloves to opposite hands, in order to reverse the gloves so that you are dusting with a clean side, in order to continue dusting and get twice as much use out of the gloves before washing them.you can throw these gloves into the washer on cold, gentle cycle, but you need to air dry them. i have so far washed them by hand in order to make them last longer.highly recommended.
this higher dose will provide me with twice as much omega 3 than my previously used brand. i am glad i was able to find this extra strength supplement. i am looking forward to seeing how this extra strength dosage will affect me. highly recommended.
i like this item because i can carry one packet or all of them.  the only difficulty can be opening the packet.  if your hands are stiff, i would not buy this item because the handles you use to open the packet are small.
i like many others was a little taken back when i opened the bottle to see that there was a baggie inside holding the vitamins. that was odd.the pills themselves are banded together, just like in the description. so that was not a big deal for me. i have not noticed a difference but i have had no side effects either. there is no bad after taste and they are easy to swallow.
it is okay, but dries out easy.
i have read a lot about magnesium deficiency, and it is a real conundrum. people die of heart attacks from it. but most forms of magnesium cannot be taken in high enough doses to quickly build magnesium levels without causing diarrhea. i have experimented with taking different amounts of this product and have had no problem with abdominal cramping or diarrhea. this is one of the few breakthroughs in the world of supplements.
used once so far and worked well.
xxl is barely large enough i am 6'7", but even so, it does physically encourage my back and shoulders toward proper alignment.i had concerns about the smell, vender reached out to me and explained that it will dissipate. the dissipation may take longer if it is left in a colder environment such as my garage in winter.
what fun. my daughter and granddaughters are in roller derby, so they can go a little crazy with their hair for bouts. this is nice quality hair chalk with vivid colorsa virtual palette that is unbeatable.
these are really cute, just sturdy enough to stuff, not so tough the kids cannot get into them.
would not wear it
to be fair i have a very old ace bandage that i was replacing so newer ones may have already improved over the years. regardless, this is a nice package of 4 wraps with 2 clips each and at least 2 extra included which was a nice touch seeing as how those always tend to bendbreak at the teeth or get lost altogether. the material had a good feel and a really nice stretch to it vs my older one. so long as these hold up through a few uses i would definitely purchase them again. if they do not hold up reasonably well i will update this review.
compared to other products like this, i have read many reviews and compared many products. i have not fully tested and used this product yet, but i have high hopes in that it will help. i have a few weeks before i can really test how well this works in addition to other detox methods and changes in my diet and exercise routines. i took a chance on this product and hopefully it will help!update 1013i wanted this product to work, in fact, i got the second bottle for free and took the pills for 2 weeks straight so i had really high hopes that it would work. i just tested myself before my real test tomorrow and my results are positive after having not smoked for over 2 weeks and then using these pills for the last 2 weeks straight. the bottle claims to work within a week and it has not worked for me for 2 weeks of use. just disappointed that i wasted my time and money taking 6 pills a day for 2 weeks. guess i am going with my last resort which was an additional detox drink before my real test. hopefully that will work. do not bother with this, if it does not work for me in 2 weeks i cannot understand how some people got results in 1. such a let down
no complaints at all about these probiotics. the potency is very good, with each capsule providing 25 billion cfus the recommended dosage is 2 caps per day for a total of 50 billion cfus. the strain diversity is excellent, with a total of 14 strains. the strains are identified, but the specific concentration of each is not. it also includes a small amount 5mg per capsule of a prebiotic fos to help with probiotic establishment. the bottle i received in may 2021 has an expiration date of july 2022.it hits the mark for both potency and strain diversity, and the price for a 60 capsule bottle is quite reasonable. performance has been very good for me, and i have not had any stomach issues such as gas or bloating when taking them before a meal. very pleased, and a solid 5 stars.
these are very nice essential oil rollons. you get a total of 4 different blends in this little relaxation kits. the tranquility  blend is a mix of vetiver, cedarwood and chamomile. it is a very nice woodsy aroma that smells great. the piece out blend is a mi of lavender, orange and bergamot, probably my favorite. it is a beautiful blend that is just perfect to apply before you head to bed. tension is a blend that contains peppermint and wintergreen and to be honest i am not a huge fan to that one, mostly because i am rather sensitive to mind. ache is the last one and contains arnica and frankincense to help with inflammation bruising and sprains. that one smells a bit rougher but it is supposed to help with inflammation and does seem to help maybe a little bit.that one is applied directly to the affected area while tension is applied best to the temples since it helps with headaches a little bit. the other two can be applied to the temples or pulse points to distribute their effects. these are easy to apply and use. their scents are pretty mild and sadly do fade fairly quickly all considering. i like that they come in these easy little applicator rollons that are easy to bring along really. all in all nice little set that also makes for a good gift.
this supplement has a lot of very good ingredients. the dosage per day is two pills. they do not have a horrible smell, but...these are so big!!  i have trouble swallowing pills at all, and the big ones are a struggle, if they even go down.i looked at the ingredients list. everything is good, but honestly, i would buy this supplement if they just put the bottom half of the list in them. the top half can be had in so many multi vitamins that already exist. no need to duplicate those, when it is the bottom of the list i would be interested in the most. the subsequent pill could then be smaller as well.overall, not bad, but not worth it for a onemonth supply that mostly duplicates a decent multivitamin.
calsules were easy to swallow and no bad taste to the capsules
works but loses shape quickly.
not sure if this is working but it is plugged in next to the bed. i guess it is mental. the big one we got for the room works for sure.
this is easy to adjust and fits pretty well. it definitely helps my posture immensely. they even sent a resistance band and link to exercises which was nice.
i love derma nu products in general and i have used many of their items. this toner is no exception to their quality products. first of all, it smells divine. a very soft natural rose smell;not in the old fashioned sense but soft and natural. it is more like a fresh blossom on the vine. it is very gentle to the skin and works well to cleanse as well as tone the skin when just sprayed lightly over your skin.i would highly recommend this toner especially if you have dry or sensitive skin. it is really a perfect toner for these skin types. i have used everything from high end to drug store and i have found derma nu products to be among the very best available and they are also very affordable here on amazon. i hope this helps if this review is helpful to you, please click yes so it can be helpful to others as well. thank you so much for reading!
my honey's 40th birthday is coming up and i cannot wait to put this on the roller for his birthday.  the images on it are vibrant and easily visible just like pictured here.  it is going to be great and a funny start to his day.
i like keeping these in the office for those mid afternoon hunger cravings.
i have reordered this and also ordered other products from this company. great quality
beautiful color and sweet scented soap.  i love the horse in motion that they captured in making this.
nice bag for walker. mother in law loves it. well made.
we bought these and a couple other types. by far these are the best. in others the inner lining was too lose after the first wash to breath easily. these are very soft material but also thick enough to wear for the pandemic. my son is a smaller 6 year old and its a tiny bit lose by his cheeks but otherwise fits well.
i originally gave this a 3 star review because i thought it was too heavy  and i ordered a buckwheat  rice wrap  although this is heavier than the other one,  the reality is that compariatively they are very close.... i guess when shoulders are sore they are more sensitive  i find myself reaching for this one because of the capelike design  it distributes the heat where i need it.  i am giving it 5 stars although if there was a 4.5 option i would probably pick that  i wish there was a way to have the contents shift around less, maybe some internal sections, if that would work with also needing to shift the beads around when nuking them to distribute the heat  not sure if the physics of that but if a couple strategically placed compartments were possible, that would improve this.  i think the fill to internal space ratio is very good so do not add more beads, i like to nap with this and do not like to nap with the buckwheat one because it is too thick and will not flatten outbelow is original for referencevery very heavy  this is much heavier than i realized even though i read the other comments.  it is really too heavy for me.  i am going to keep it as it is as advertised, at least i think so, i did not think it held heat as long as they said but i only nuked it for the 1 minute.  i will use it sometimes but will need to be careful with it and only use it for short period of time because of the amount of compression the weight puts on my shoulder.  i am using it because of an issue in an arm that is affecting shoulders and i want my lymph fluid to flow freely.  i am going to need to purchase something else lighter  maybe the buckwheat filled warmer like i was originally looking for.
liked this powder.  it is as described  arrived on time.
terrible. i have size 12 feet. these inserts were at least 4 sizes to small. they were also paper thin. spend the extra money for odoreaters or comparable.
this product is amazing for cleaning the boat. it gets off any pesky spots and makes getting those tough spots clean a breeze. we will never use anything else.
the mountain falls ultra sunscreen is a very affordable alternative to the big name brand sunscreens. the first thing i noticed about this sunscreen, is that the scent is pretty mild. it does have the typical smell that goes along with products containing sunscreen, but it is not very strong at all. in fact, it is barely noticeable when you first open the lid of it. it absorbs pretty quickly into the skin and does not leave any greasiness behind. it seems to do a good job of protecting, as long as you remember to reapply it regularly.  every year, i cringe at the prices of sunscreen out there. this is a noncringe worthy, comparable product.
perfect for our at home tanning bed in our cleveland browns basement!
my wife said it smells like 34;old man.34;  not a great fragrance and rather strong.  but good at preventing body odor.
they do the trick.
it makes good shakes and love the fact i can put my pills and protein powder in their too .shaker is super useful, good size and you can bring in it everything you need for your before and after workout.. the word can wash of the bottle
i am very impressed with the quality of these bags.  they are at the same level as hallmark and for a much lower price.  several of the bags have a 3 dimensional aspect to them.  they have a nice ribbon handle and attached gift tag as well.
removes all kinds of organic stains, good for cradle to old age. i do not mean the product is organic just that it removes non chemical stains.
these are wonderful trash bags!  they have a rubbery feel to them and are very stretchy.  they easily fit over our standard size kitchen garbage can with no fighting necessary to get it stretched over the top rims.  they do not come with wire ties and are not designed with flaps to tie so if you over fill it you really have to mash the trash down to get enough bag to tie together or buy some wire ties separately.
i was really glad it was already assembled. i am glad i got the wood instead of the plastic. it is well made and should last for a long time. i thought it would take a while for my body to adjust to the positioning of the legs, but to my surprise it worked just like the said it would. i am thinking about purchasing one for my mom. the real trial will come if i have problems going. i am glad i got it.
does the job it is supposed to do. good purchase!  wish the handle was a little bit longer.
great product. no complaints.
i use this to teach patients how to do self mobs and send it home with them. works great. wide band and string claspe.
this tool works amazingly.  i am a diabetic  this works perfect to remove all the dried skin that can cause infections on my feet.  the speed is very appropriate.  easily cleaned.  speed is very consistent with it being electrical which i prefer.
terrific product at a great price.  large spray bottle does a great job on all my glasses, including my new titanium carbon glasses.  received on time and very well packages.
bought this from granddaughter's baby shower registry. this is what i used for all my children's laundry many years ago. so glad to see it is still around   it is perfect for baby's delicate skin, is hypoallergenic.
love the variety.  little large but good.
i have been looking for a nicer and easier alternative for a travel toothbrush and this fits the bill. it comes with an extra toothbrush head which makes it even more convenient for travel when it is both my husband and myself. the silver case is a nice touch too. there are alternate colors available if silver is not your thing. the bristles on the toothbrush are soft and gentle on the gums. all you have to do is carefully fill the toothpaste area and you are done! there is a small hole in the middle of the bristles that let us the toothpaste out. i appreciate that there is a cleaning stick so i can remove any residual toothpaste if i am not going to use it for awhile.i did receive this product for free, but my reviews are always honest.
very practical
savory chicken tasted awful..and to top it off product could not be returned.  big ripoff!
there are 12 individually wrapped smal bath bombs in this set. the fragrances are, orange, lavender, frankincense, rosemary, mint, lemongrass, vanilla, seasalt, kiwi, rose, coconut, and papaya.i tried the papaya. when it was first plunged into the water see video there was fizz and no suds. before i could even put the foot bath onto the floor to bathe my feet, the entire bomb fizzed out and dissolved into tang colored water less than 30 seconds later see photo. also, the fragrance was hardly detectable even though they smell good in the package.since i personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, i used this in a foot bath. the water turned an orange color and that color adhered to my skin and stained my towels but did not stain my foot bath.in summary, these bombs perform terribly, are staining, and are barely fragrant in the bath. the current price of 19.99 is expensive but still competitively priced for this as it comes to 1.67 per bath bomb, which is about what i would expect to pay for bombs of this size. however, at that price, i also expect these to perform and they do not. these are super lackluster and an utter disappointment. i am surprised others rated this 4 or 5 stars. i doubt the other reviewers even tried this in the bath. in the box they look impressive but if they had used at least one, they most likely would not be so impressed.
i got some of this at an online naturalorganic foods shop, and, unlike every other kind of untraditional noodle i have ever cooked, my husband and son both ate this and liked it. i had made pasta with garlic and cheese for me, and they ate my snack.it is good. the noodles are thin, and the texture is nice. they taste good, and they take the flavor of the sauce you use, but they do not become the flavor of the sauce the way, say, shiritaki noodles do.four servings to a bag, and when they cook up, there is a lot. tons of fiber in these as well 11gserving, i think.
overall for 11 is okay.we did not use the adhesive that comes with it because it was obvious it was not going to work so we use normal double side tape 3mmfaster and less complicated.
i like the style of kf94 masks, they fit my face the best and are comfortable for me to wear all day, if necessary. these masks are made in china. they are individually wrapped in plastic bags, which i prefer. i keep backup masks in my car and bag, and this way i know the masks are clean until i need to use one.these masks have smaller ear loops than other kf94 masks i have used. for me, the smaller ear loops are good  i have a petite face, and the small ear loops help me get a tight fit over my cheeks and chin. if you have a larger face, the small ear loops might not be a positive.the masks have the expected nose clip, but above the nose clip, the masks have a vshaped cutout. in theory, the vshaped cutout should help the top of the mask fit better against the sides of your nose, since its not a straight line like most masks. but for me, the sides of the cutout stand away from my nose, so they are right at the bottom of my view. and i worry they are a spot for air to slide in and out of the mask, since they are not tight against my face.
helped with recent surgery. works as expected
i first learned of dmso from our teenage son's college running coach.  as an athlete who runs over 100 miles a week, our kid was frequently dealing with pains and injuries from his workouts.  when knee or ankle pain did not ease up after a few days and serious injury had been ruled out by orthopedists, the trainers would break out the dmso.since then, i have used it on my own runninginjured knee occasionally when the pain becomes too bad.  after applying, the area remains wet and a bit sticky for about 2030 minutes remember to wash your hands thoroughly after rubbing it in.  after this amount of time, you can wipe off any excess that has not been absorbed by your body.  during this time, the area usually becomes warm, a bit rosy, and itchy.  i also get a garlic taste in my mouth which is typical for most people.  for those people who use it frequently, their bodies can begin to emit a garliclike odor in their sweat.dmso is a byproduct of paper making and is primarily used as an industrial solvent for herbicides, fungicides, antibiotics, and plant hormones.  it is had experimental use orally as treatment for certain types of cancer.  at this time, it does not have the approval of the fda for use on humans other than as a specific physicianprescribed treatment for bladder disordercancer.  it is fda approved for use on horses and dogs, and is widely used in that industry.it is important to note that the face and neck are more sensitive to dmso and no higher concentrations than 50 should ever be applied there.  also, when applying dmso to your skin, it is important that the skin is totally clean, dry, and unbroken because dmso penetrates the body.  as it penetrates, dmso can carry any chemical that has a molecular weight of up to 1,000 units right through the skin and into the body, into the blood stream, and even through the bloodbrain barrier. it also leaves the skin more permeable than normal for a few hours. there is a possibility that chemicals such as the dye from clothing in contact with dmsotreated skin could be accidentally passed through the skin and carried directly into the body.while i do generally experience pain relief when i use dmso, i usually save it for when my knee is at its worst.
quit working after a few months. waste of money.
so much more comfortable than the elastic bands that hurt my ears after a lwhile
nothing special. the pennant flag banner is seethrough plastic and does not look as nice as what is in the picture.
the instructions were a bit sparse about how to set the range of motion limits, but i was able to figure it out in a minute or two.i ordered a medium i am size 9 men's and it was too big.it is actually quite uncomfortable to walk in as the sole is very thick and my specific injury did not allow for the range of motion that would have made this comfortable.
this was from the second or third batch we purchased.  they work so well and are actually so comfortable we have occasionally forgotten to take them off!
i bought this because i have arthritis and my tailbone hurts after a short time in any chair. i was hoping for pressure relief, but this is so hard my backside hurts just the same. also, it is very large. i was hoping that a pillow large enough to cover any chair would be a plus, but it has hard square sides that dig into my legs. and, it is too high. i find i cannot sit all the way back in the chair and do not get any back support because of the size of this pillow.i am glad i tried out the pillow so now i can stop thinking about buying the bed. now, i have to figure out how to return this because it was not shipped from amazon and i did not keep the outer box.
hilarious!  great paper too!
excellent quality mesima, from an excellent company bag comes full of product and is exceptional. i plan to encapsule mine or use some as tea, i have not yet run out of my other bag yet so i am taking that. i am taking for my brain tumor and seizures and to help slow the  process of my brain cancer or perhaps cure it, but as i have the type that always comes back is like to say that i am probably going to be talking this and many other medicinal mushrooms for a while. thank you for all your hard work for an amazing product.
last summer we had a chance to travel to asia. i bought this product for my kid to use while we travel over there. it worked very good. it prevented the kid from mosquito bite. the smell was mild.
great for travel, everyday use of medicationswell made easy to use.
4.5 bought these because all of the groomers were booked up for a long time after covid closings. these arrived promptly within two days. they worked well on my little dog. it also came with extras scissors, nail file. great bargain.
small leaves less mess but do not do it drive you get headbox instead of razor bumps
greatest pot holder ever!  love the colors available.
really? are they kidding us? okay, i had to admit that i got taken by the commercial. i never get taken well, hardly ever captain corcoran liked to say by these things. but i also have lots of quot;scuff marksquot; around the house, on walls, doors, railings, etc., plus oven gunk that needs to be cleaned off. it is that second part that really made me try this, since it talked about how great this works on stove tops and ovens. yeah, right. the quot;eraserquot; is a flimsy spongelike material, that does nothing. and unlike even the cheapest sponge, it does not hold up to even the most gentle rubbing on any surface. you are supposed to wet it, and then rub it on the stain, or dirt, or gunk. however, if you try that, even on a slick wall, it falls apart in your hands. it is like trying to clean your car's exterior with kleenex! and even if you can rub it over a surface, gently, and keep it in one piece... it has absolutely no ability to clean! none! you would do better to spit on your fingers and rub them on the surface. and at least your fingers do not disintegrate, and you do not have to feel really stupid to have fallen for this con by quot;mr. cleanquot; and thrown money down the drain. by the way, never let this go down the drain... since it clogs it! i used to love the mr. clean commercials as a little boy, and had a neighbor who looked just like the bold mascot... so when i would go to the supermarket with my mom, i always told her she should buy dome... but my mom always laughed and told me that the product itself was totally useless. yes, everyone... always listen to your mother. stay away from this money wasting useless crap!
ordered these crutches for my sister.she spent over 150.00 for crutches that where less quality which broke in little time.she is walking a little easier now and more they are comfortable for her arms.thanks so much for not ripping people off with higher prices.
love it but wish it had a suction to stick to the shower wall!
did not keep the smell at bay for long.
been using for two weeks and have not got anything to report yet. will update after 30 days.
gets the job done, but you have to use two at once to get any meaningful coverage.  i rather the company just make half and give us bigger sizes.
the lemon lime sport go electrolyte powder is very high in carbs....36 of them in fact! for athletes, marathoners and long distance bikers, this is an excellent choice to rehydrate and get that extra burst of energy from carbs. for the rest of us who are not into sports, it works darn well when you have the flu or some other illness that depletes your hydration and energy. i generally will have my hubby get me powerade, gatorade or any of the other replenishing brands, when i am sick, not eating and having gastric issues. this could literally help you through the rough times. same thing when you are out in the hot sun and need to keep hydrated. i am keeping this handy as one of my go to's when i am having issues.
the rolls are a bit smaller than you probably would expect. but the tp is just fine.
i like the creamy one better than the 'gel' one..  but  dmso use has kept me knee bracesupport free every day except for extreme hiking days for the past close to 2 months!!!
i have a medium size and love it on the plane.  my husband is not as fond of it  but then he does not like neck ties either!  i think it beats any pillow that wraps around your neck.
my daughter loves this
i had hoped for the outfit to fit more nicely then it did but its ok however not as good as it looks but fair for the price.
the worst razor i have ever tried. this unit would not cut peach fuzz. would never buy from this outfit again
i mostly got this because i wanted to remove the fuzz from my cheap but sturdy fleece leggings, and none of the attachments did the trick.  it worked well on my wool sweaters, though, so i will keep it, but it is not a miracle cure for every fuzz or pill.
exactly like the stuff i bought from my physical therapist's office. works perfectly.
ordered 60 count. received 30 count. should have ordered straight from granite supplements...
i love journaling and i am a stickler for paper feel. i was hoping the pages of this nicely bound hardcover journal would have a smoother and softer feel, but it is more like sketchbook or book paper with a rough and scratchy feel. it is just okay, but not my favorite. if you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let amazon know. thank you so much
they are ok. i probably will not be buying anymore. they slide around and do not stay in place. many many times i had to adjust the cloth in my underwear... so for heavy days these would be a disaster as the mess would slide all around too. the stains came out with washing, though i did have to scrub and scrub right away.
cheaply made... within 2 days it fell off ....
did not work on my teeth just made them sensitive
i was a little concerned when i first received this, as the powder alone does smell kind of funky. but i found that i was able to mix it in with my coffee or tea with no discernable tastesmell. i like that this contains a lot more diverse types of collagen than more normal collagen powder. i like that this product is sustainably sourced. and i really like that this brand takes a holistic approach to skincare that includes supplements, which i feel are so important. i have been using a few of their products now, for a couple of weeks, and feel like i am receiving the benefit of their synergistic approach.
i always sleep with a mask and i have had so many different stylesbrands. this is by far the most comfortable mask i have ever used! its soft and lightly padded which feels good on my eyes. and it has a little material that blocks out 100 of the light if its adjusted right. the best thing is the little metal buckle to adjust the strap is not right behind my ear which most masks it is and it hurts when i sleep on my side this one is pain free and perfect! i am tempted to order a couple more as backup for the day when i wear this one out!
these are worthless. they do not fly at all and barely spin when an adult tries to make it spin so there is little chance for a child to have any kind of fun with these.
because of health issues i have to be very conscious of getting enough protein and this product is great to use in many ways. i have concocted a frozen mixture which i keep on hand at all times...this protein boosts the grams and also boosts the flavoring!! my favorite.
i like this twixflavored protein.  the collagen powder in this protein product really does help with the granularity, but it does mean that a blender rather than a fork or spoon is your mixing tool of choice.  it is very smooth when made, and it has a good enough flavor on it is own that you will not need to supplement your supplement drink with anything, but like most chocolate products, a little banana or peanut butter goes a long way towards making this more of a shake and less of a drink.no matter how you like it though, i think you will find it is good.
this scale does not really work properly. it does not "lock on" the weight when it is done. i suppose i should send it back, but it is not worth the shipping money in order to get a new one.
they slip around on nose pad quite big
very irritating to my scalp. threw away
this is the best callus remover tool i have tried so far. it comes with a box of 80 sanding pads, and one pad can last several uses depending on what you have going on on the bottom of your feet. i tried it for the first time last night and my feet have never been softer. i have used chemical callus remover, i have a giant foot rasp that removes dead skin, i have the manual foot sanders; you name it, i have tried it.  but this thing beats all of them. my heels are currently just as soft as my toddler's feet and i am 40 years old. the place where i get my pedicures done uses this tool as well, but they only use it on your feet for 5 seconds, slap some lotion on and they are done. i used it on thick problem areas for quite some time with dry feet and it really got it all off. it will stop if you press too hard but resumes as soon as you decrease that a little. anyway, money well spent.
a great addition to almost any bakery mix. especially good combined with capella popcorn.
does just what it says it does. love it. going to order another one right now.
lots of fun!
good fit !!
i had an expensive tens unit the dr prescribed via a medical supply company for years. i was not sure how well this would measure up after that one finally gave up after years and years of use but this one is amazing and even better!!
these are durable for moderate use. i use them for a variety of home use from cleaning to kitchen work. the only time i ever have issues with them is if its my fault. the sizing is perfect and what always works for me in other brands.
daughter updated her room and these look great on her dresser!
exactly as advertised.  easy to use.  works well.
this is the fourth product like this that i have tried. two of them did nothing, one gave minimal positive results but this is amazing! i am into my second order and each time i have taken it it has worked as advertised. i had to only give a five star rating but would like to give it a six because that is what its given me.will be buying more.
i have tried many jojoba oils and this one is bar far the best.  helped with discoloration on my arm.  the packaging was very good and delivery was sooner than expected.  have recommended this oil to my friends.
eeasy to use. tastes good and works great. use it daily at work
i have been taking this religiously for more than a week and so far i have noticed that is may be the reason for my regularity being more reliable. i cannot speak towards the aiding with any weight loss as yet nor do i know what this products targeted time frame is. for the price, it truly does bring value towards aiding with my digestive system. i would consider it an added bonus if i can she would a pound or two as well. it has not caused me any new discomforts due to use so that is always a good thing. no side effects for me! as with all things, everyone is body make up is different so just because it works for some does not always guarantee the same results for all.
i have used the pour on version of this for several years on my gas commercial type stove.  this was after cleaning it by hand several times with everything else on the market and a straight razor blade to scrape off residue.  then came carbon off!  its miraculous.  what used to take me hours now takes only minutes with some down time while it soaks.  my most important hint involves use of water. do not!!!  water deactivates the chemicals so if you put it on a a wet surface or start playing with it with a wet sponge, you have just stopped the cleaning power.  found this the hard way.  i used to have to find a restaurant supply shop to buy it but now that its available on amazon, its a no brained. five star all the way!!!
this is so easy to use and great for keeping wet hair up and out of the way.
these came beautifully packaged and would make a great gift send me some really.  they are surprisingly large bath bombs and my bath felt really luxurious when using these.  i have sensitive skin and had no issues probably the only downside was smelling great and having moisturized skin attracted some chiggers to my bare legs at the fair.  lol. seriously.  they were jacuzzi safe no issues and i definitely plan to use more of these bath bombs in the future. five stars all the way!  treat yourself!!!
i like the idea that it is natural, i am able to stave off hunger with only 3 per day!! and i am eating healthier!
i have been taking these for a few weeks now. the capsules are on the large size but easy to swallow with no odor. they are vegan caps and are very cleanby that i mean that they are not full of preservatives. they are made in the usa too.i see on the manufacturer page that it is stated that the product is tested for quality,  and i would like to see these nsf certified.
works well. my dad was pleased.
great price, perfect fit for all masks with filter inserts, best tyle and materials for extra protection. highly recommend.
so easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
this is great for those who can t bend over to put on shoes. the telescopic handle is great and locks in place so it will not fold up on you until you want it to
this is the second keychain in this style i have owned. i really prefer this one to my other. this one is made of neoprene type fabric, so it stretches better than the canvas type and puts less stress on the zipper. it comes with 8 58 dram amber vials with orifice reducers and lids, so you can fill them with your essential oils. about 30 drops of oil fit into each bottle. you can use smaller vials, as well. and i have found you can it a few even larger vials. i have a few 0.12 oz amber bottles that fit in the four center slots. you will want label stickers, so you remember what you put in each bottle and those do not come with the keychain. the pouch keeps the glass bottles safe and well protected. i definitely recommend this keychain for having oils on the go.
the three cuts start to tear away from each other after around 100200 swings. additionally there is not enough weight to properly keep the mat in place.next time i am just going to spend the money on a larger, heavier duty practice mat.
smells yummy and i love the towel. thank you!!!
i really like this. i will buy it again when the time comes.
ok product for covering eyes kind of small though.
nice nail files.  they are really pretty.  it is kind of hard to tell which side is rough and which is fine.  but, they get the job done.
passes the freeze test, so far so good but only a blood test will tell me how it actually works. stay tuned for the results.
i use this product in everything from smoothies to oatmeal, to pumpkin custard for extra protein. i highly recommend the paleo egg white protein.
i use dial soap because it does the best job of fighting odor, particularly during the summer when it is so hot and humid in the south.  leaves me feeling clean and fresh, rinses well, nice fragrance.  really like the mountain fresh fragrance, but hard to find!
they last longer them most cr123 batteries.
everyone loves it! i got it for my son's wheelchair, everyone sees it and want to try it. they all love it.grateful, to get this one. insurance is taking forever to get a new cushion. this is very nice and affordable.
works great for legs too!
perfect size for travel!
fairly good case sturdy, seems to be put together well.  needs a little more headroom above the bottles for reference books, papers, etc.  i am always afraid my bottles will leak so do not use the handle.  needs a handle to carry flat.
i am a certified aromatherapist and i really enjoy exposing these companies that are selling fraudulent essential oils.  first of all the price should give it away, sandalwood is endangered now and in many countries you are strictly limited on harvest, hence why it is so pricey.the smell is hideous to me, it also failed the oil blot test i use to check essential oils from unknown brands.  the danger in using these oils is that because they are not sandalwood, you cannot possible get the therapeutic benefits you would expect.  many companies and now taking cheaper essential oils and combining them to smell like something else, others are just using chemicals, i do not know which category this falls into, but it is not sandalwood essential oil...walk away.
we do not have mosquitos here where i live, but we do get bites from chiggers, blister beetles, black ants, red ants, gnats, and spiders. i am especially prone to chigger bites and  was hoping this product would help with them since the itching is almost unbearable.  but it did not help at all with the chigger bites.  it does however help the itching with other insect bites.
i found this so hard for me to use maybe once i get use to it. it is hard to get my hair into the chamber and hard to let my hair out.
so far this is not working very well for me.  the wrap itself appears well made, is easy to put on and comfortable.  the instructions are awful and it takes a bit of time to figure out how to use it.  apparently the manufacturerdistributor is aware of this and sent me an email informing me if it did not work they would replace it.  so the question is what is it supposed to do.  using the 34;red34; setting for intensity and time and waiting for 15 minutes to warm up i could barely feel any heat, only slight warmth not very therapeutic over the course of 30 minutes or so.  maybe for the price that is about all one should expect.  i will be shopping for a better one.4118 update.  after periodic use of the wrap i am changing my rating from two stars to four stars because after use i discovered the heat is adequate, although it could be a little hotter.  the major problem, as noted by others, is the control.  it remains unclear how to keep the wrap in the warmest red mode, and as another reviewer noted you have to keep checking to make sure it has not switched to cooler white or blue modes.  i suspect there may be a way to eliminate this problem but with such poor documentation it is impossible so far to keep it working correctly.  in summary, this is a nice well made wrap that attaches to the knee well.  if the cord was longer and the controls worked better this could be a very good wrap for applying heat to the knees.4818 update.  after continued use i am changing my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  i have found that when tightly wrapped which is easy to do because of the softness, flexibility and large velcro attachments using the red setting hottest it heats to a very comfortable temperature. the setting controls could be improved or maybe better instructions should have been provided.  this is what i am now doing.  after pressing the large plastic square control button for a second or two, colortemp is selected. i press it when it lights red this is the hottest setting; it also has two lower oneswhite and blue.  after a few minutes the setting changes to a cooler white or blue color.  i then repress the red and it stays at this settingtemp, until i turn it off.  it really works well, provides a very comfortable warm, pleasant temp and fits very well over the knee.area.
first it caught my eyes because the price range is attractive, but after use found out water leaks slowly from the side. not sure if it is defect only from this particular product or in general. otherwise the outlook is cute and we absolutely love it
these may work fine for you. for me, if i put a little too much tension on the strap attachment points they fold and release the mask.
this works great guides on without tugging and the color is not too dark. i cannot find this in the store, so happy to find it here.
this product did not work on anything i tried it on.
let us just say....it work. for everything that magnesium is needed for, it works. especially since it is in a higher dose form. we are already all so deficient in it, might as well get a higher dose.
frankly the price has kept me away from this purchase for years. cannot afford more than one....but put on the lamp we use the most, what a wonderful difference for arthritic fingers!  now we can turn lamp onoff without pain.  so worth it.
love this planter. i put it outside and attached it to my fence with zip ties. dill and potatoes are thriving, even in the texas heat.
this is a very nice for the  shaver that has multiple functions.  the kit includes the following accessories1. rotary nose trimmer2. eyebrow trimmer  comb3. shaving head4. beard  sideburns trimmer  guard5. cleaning brushafter opening the box and reviewing the instructions, i tested each of the available accessories.  all work as expected.  my husband tested the nose hair trimmer and said it was effective and easy on the nose.  i was able to remove all of the pesky hairs on my chin using the shaver head and it was perfect  resulted in a smooth shave and no razor bumps.  the eyebrow comb was easy to use and did the job.  i definitely will use this when i am traveling as it is convenient and compact.  this will also make a great gift for others.  the heads are easy to remove  a counter clockwise twist and the accessories interchange.  the unit does not come with a aa battery.  only one battery is required.  overall, this shaver is a good buy.  the shaver seems to be made of quality materials and is perfect for those annoying hairs that seem to appear as you get older.
helps with a callus that i have. cushion works well. does not slip around either,  easy to clean and very durable.
i generally like to use my bento box and glass containers, but i do like these amazon brand  solimo plastic food storage containers with lids. the feel of the storage container is comparable to brand name containers. the lid stays secure. they are a decent size. the plastic is not 'bendy'. it can be reused a few times. even though it does indicate that it is bpafree, i do like to stay to a limit on reuse and the container seems durable enough for at least 5 reuses. i should also add that i generally do not reheat in the container so if one reheats on a separate plate which i prefer, it extends the use. it is also has a pretty good price point in that it is around 90 cents per container. it is worth a look if you like containers like this style.
works better than any other motion sickness medication. always take on cruises.
these silk sleep masks are soft and stay on without being too tight. i only use a sleep mask when traveling, to help reduce light and to signal that i do not want to be disturbed.  i find these sleep masks to effectively block out the light.
i love this product, it works so quickly and it does a good job of removing wrinkles from my clothing which i never iron.
this set was adorable and perfect on my sister in law! the jeweled safety pin for the sash was just the sprinkle on top. so cute
this thing is horrible.  i can get over the fact that it did not fit my hair dryer.  i had to cut it to get it over the dryer nozzle, but the dang think kept blowing off my head.  i had to sit the dryer on the arm of the chair so that i could hold the bonnet on.  finally i gave up and tied a walmart bag around my head and cut a whole in for the dyer.  i played with this thing for over 30 minutes.  since i cut it, i cannot return it, but very disappointed.
i wear these at the gun range. they do ok.
nice lumbar support for my computer chair!
good simple designgood price
since we installed provenza oil finished floors i wanted to ensure that they were maintained the way the manufacture recommended. i use this product because that is what the manufacture recommends, but it is extremely pricy in my book.  the product separates quite a bit and yes, i know you are supposed to shake it, but at times i wish i had one of those paint can shaker machines to shake the product up.  i get a good workout with all the shaking required.  i would like to find an alternative to the product.
does not work. this product did not help to extract any blackheads. i do not know if it is because my face is too oily but honestly this stuff is as effective as you doing a diy egg white mask. straight up!!! no matter if i applied one layer or 5 it seemed as if it dried around my pores and it was so liquid and drippy. it was basicall elmer's glue with black food coloring. that is what is smelled like and that is what it felt like. save your money on this one folks!
my ice strap is for my back  it came with these small thin packs that look like those kids popsicles, most of them after about a years use busted  leaked. these are much thicker  hold their freeze point muuuuch longer. great buy!
used them as cake dowels as recommended by sharon zambito. they are so much easier to cut than wooden ones.
put out a foggy cloud of albuterol,  you can see by my picture the medicine flows quickly and fine fine mist.i put in 2 double a batteries and it was ready to go. this will be so easy to take with me when i go on vacation, this handheld little machine makes me happy. the big nebulizer i have is such a pain to drag out and use. i will probably never use it again. this comes with a usb  cord so you can plug in if you do not have batteries.
this is a fun way to curl your eyelashes! just be careful!
who does not love petroleum jelly!? its great for a number of things ; this one works well, does not have any smell which i like and is amazon brand. great price on here i highly recommend
i bought these on a whim and took them as directed. seemed to do the trick as far as a cleanse.
great product, soft.
i have this a one star only because it did not catch all my sweat and i must have a weirdly shaped head because it never stayed on. i do think this a good concept just did not work for me.
these were the first led lamps i have ever purchased.we have a ceiling fan in our family room and for some reason both filament bulbs and cfls were burning out quickly within 3 months in one of the four sockets. this despite the fact that we do not use the fan all that much. also, this particular fixture gets a lot of use in our home the lights, not the fan. so if i could save energy on lighting this application struck me as an opportunity to achieve the greatest payback on the investment.these bulbs have a small footprint, not much bigger than a normal incandescent lamp. this was important because they had to fit inside the diffuser globes. like most led lamps they send most of the light out the top. in a ceiling fixture with four sockets this behavior is not at all objectionable; but might be a problem with a reading lamp or other singlebulb fixture.the four bulbs draw a lot less power yet throw noticeably more light than cfls with the same lumen rating. in fact i am getting a lot more light from these lamps than i expected to.all led lamps are currently a little pricey, but these are a good deal for what they are, and they have held up well. so far, i am very happy with them. as long as they continue to function they should pay for themselves in a couple of years.update feb 2014  in the last 8 months i have had no problems with these led lamps burning out. i have never had that level of success with either filament lamps or with cfls in this ceiling fan fixture. just the fact that i do not have to get out a 6foot step ladder every two months has me very happy with this product.
comfortable to wear with sandals
two layers so it passes workplace requirements.
very relaxing scent.  plant therapy is a quality brand.
grandson loves dinosaurs and the bath bombs make bath time more fun and he gets a dinosaur prize,
i have high arches, but have some shoes without any sort of support, and so i find slipping in a support like this can help for long term wearing of super flat shoes. the appeal of these for me is that due to my high arches and the fact that these come with "height adjustment" padded pieces, i can be sure to create a level of fit and support that is good for my feet. these are cut to fit, and have additional padding pieces to make for better adjustment in fit, feel, and support. they fit well in shoes, sneakers, boots.. and do well staying in place. i will consider buying these again.
these are nice makeup removal pads. you get a jar with 70 of these pads that are soaked with the removal solution. and of course when you are done there is some of that solution on the bottom that you can use with regular cotton pads. these makeup pads are very nice and work well. the removal solution is very gentle, probably because it includes cica solution in it as well as some vitamins and other good ingredients.they smell very good and i found are gentle enough to use around the eyes. i had no issues removing foundation, lipsticks are eye makeup. all in all i am very happy with these. the price is rather reasonable too at 12 for 70 of these pads. i think these should be good for sensitive people except may the fragrance that is fairly strong but pleasant. but since these are gentle enough to use around the eyes they should be good for sensitive skin.
i got this to use instead of a regular bulb nasal aspirator. i thought i might have more luck with a different one. this worked ok. not very impressed with its ability to remove mucus from my daughters nose. i feel like this was not much more effective than wiping her nose with a tissue because it does not go that much beyond the nostril.
it works alright if you use alot of soap. without alot of soap it can drag and pull on the skin. it also does not make alot of bubbles which can matter to some people. the eye hoke makes it much easier to hold onto as when you use alot of soap it gets very slippery.
used them at band rehearsal.  wow, the sound was clear but at a reduced volume. so many plugs muffle or modulate the sound to the point where the music is not listenable. so far, these help to reduce the ringing in your ears. they also make a long stem version making it easier to remove. this version in not detectable,  very discrete. go ahead, protect your ears!
it is not the same i used to use. scent went from soft and baby powder to almost kind of rank or weird.  i feel like this is the new coke ... they changed something that was not broken.  i will not launder anything in it except bath towels and bathmats now.  very disappointed as i thought it would give clothes the soft scent that it always gave my daughter's clothes..  i am just going to stick with tide free and clear even though i was hoping for a little soft scented aroma therapy on pillowcases and sheets.
this stuff has been very helpful to me. i use it on psoriasis when nothing else helps, it calms the itch. i also use it on my boxer who has skin issues and ear problems. since i bought this, i have only had her to the vet for an allergy shot once. i will definitely buy it again.
this works well with shoes that are a bit larger.  if you use this with a fitted shoe  the pressure is worse on the area.
this is a 8 ounce bag of powdered amla amalaki. they included a 1 teaspoon plastic scoop in the resealable bag and suggest 1 scoop mixed into juice or smoothies. i have been using 12 tsp a day in my smoothies using a different brand for over a year. this amla powder was what i was expecting in terms of what it looks and tastes like. it is usda certified organic, vegan, glutenfree  nongmo. i am pleased with this product.
i really like the saturix 11x16 prep  spill pads, as they lay on a surface very flat. i have tried household basics like paper towels, cotton shop towels and brown paper rolls but they all have a flaw that makes then difficult to use. when i am working with products, like prepping a model for a very clean mold, i cannot introduce lint, as i would with cotton towels. i have to be aware of chemical compatibilities, and paper towels usually contain clay for extra absorbancy and make dust. brown paper slides on the surface, and does not always help with all spills. i felt like i had to choose the lesser of evils. these pads are exactly what i have been looking for, but simply did not know what they were called. i like the  polyethylene backing, which can hold up against mild solvents like isopropyl alcohol. i appreciate the company also features domestic contact information on the package. this is a good sign that customer service for questions and issues are more likely to be addressed. i hope my experience is helpful as you kindly will click the button below.
bought these as a gift but was able to try them out. i think that it was weird but worth trying out.
nice light scent for a relaxing bath after work.
i really like this eyelash curler... of course i would not suggest using any eyelash curler after you have started applying mascara  i use this first and my eyes look more open and mascara added makes my eyes pop!
this was for a family member. he asked for more so that must mean he is happy.
was so excited to receive my eyelash curler in rosgold and that the gribs fo not have holes like a scissor. also size looked more comfortable than the larger curlers....but so very disappointed. product came in cheap plastic box that was part bend. when i eagerly unpacked my product i quickly realized that the high looking quality picture does not equal reality. the material looks poorhas spots like dents on supposed high polished rosgold look. but far more important is that the actual curling area is completely crooked, lopsided. as a customer i do not want to have to fix my product to be able to use it on my eyes and be satisfied with dented plastic looking like material. so very disappointed! in addition, this curler was  8,  and not the cheaper curler that one can buy in a local supercenter in person for  2.76 and is of much higher quality and can actually be used properly. again very disappointing, frustrating, and waste of time and money. please see my pics
so, to start, i understand that is not the most conventional use for the product but it really works! the first picture is the start of my shingles flareup. my dad typically uses this product for joint pain but he suggested that i use this on the shingles. i got it quickly from amazon and slathered a thick layer of the gel onto the painful, liquid filled blisters and bumps. i will admit that upon application it burns and tingles but not so bad that it is unbearable. after a few days the blisters started to dry out a good thing for shingles because it means it is healing, and after about a week of application to the area the blisters dropped considerably in size and the bumps were almost completely gone. i will admit, as other have, that the only drawback i could see is that it is very drying. i noticed that the skin around the bumps and blisters got flakey and dried out. i wanted this product to dry the blisters so just be wary if you are using it for pain relief, etc.
this did things to an old rug i thought not remotely possible  including not animal related spots!  i extremely highly recommend,
this weighted pencil holder is not a bad product. the grip on it is large, so if your kid is more comfortable with a bigger pencil to grip, it is got that covered. the outer portion is not squishy, it is sort of a sandy grip, which is not a bad thing either. the trouble is that you need to attach this using a tiny allen wrench to tension the grip onto the pencil, which means that you have to have the wrench out every time the pencil needs sharpening. my boys mash their pencils into the paper, resulting in many broken pencil tips. the allen wrench never gets put away, greatly increasing the likelihood that it will be lost. there has to be a better way to make this grip adhere to the pencil, but other than that, it is a great device for helping kids that need this kind of aid.be advisedthis listing was not for the kit, i only purchase as per the listing the delux grip third from the top. it is a bit pricey for what you get, and i have found a better option, so you might want to see if you can find this locally so you can have a look at it before you buy.
this product helped me to have bowel movements without my stomach cramping up.
only bug spray we will use! keeps the bugs off us in the deep woods.
love these containers!!will buy them again for sure!!
i am a big shopper of silly cheap gadgets and this seemed too good to be true.... but i got to say it works!! made wiping down and cleaning my microwave much easier after using it!  would suggest for anyone who is like me and forgets to clean the microwave often and finds an inch thick worth of gunk to clean off
i use this so i can hear my iphone ring over all the equipment running in my shop. works great, can be turned up to a very loud ear piercing setting. just what i needed.
the beautiful aroma of roses stays on your mat faintly, not overwhelming. very easy to use, spray on cloth, wipe it down, let it dry.  all natural, which i love, and will not harm your mat!  a great product for your cherished yoga mat  i would highly recommend this product.
wow i like the colors and quality is good !!
no complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. it hits the mark for both potency 25 billion cfus and strain diversity total of 10 strains 8 lactobacillus and 2 bifidobacterium stains. the specific strains are listed on the bottle, but not the specific concentration of each.it delivers the 25 billion cfus with a serving size of only 1 capsule 2 caps are the more common situation, making this bottle of 30 caps a month's supply.the downside is the price. there are a number of probiotic options that achieve the same or sometimes better potency and strain diversity at a far lower price for a month's supply.while the formulation is solid, the very high price puts my rating at 3 stars average. equally good options are available that are a much better value.
this was useful when i had it. gave me an effective way of straigtening my hair without burning my skin off!! lol heheh... anyway, now i just do not have as much of a problem with my hair being curly so i do not need this as much. but i keep it in case i need to straighten my hair for an event or occasion bcs i do not want to go back to normal straighteners. so glad this exists!
they are comfortable and fit well and good price.
large enough for a few days worth of toileties. dries quickly, zipper is excellent quality.
received them today, my husband uses them everyday as he has had multiple back surgeries. his last one has lasted for a few yrs and is pretty worn out. came on day as promised.
the herbal infusions strength killed any odor on the pad. also, the remedy gave a cooling sensation. i would love to exclusively use this brand.
makes granite looks good and very smooth after cleaning.
great product.
i got these for my wife who said they cut like butter. no jagged edges. they cut smoothly and you barely have to press down on the lever. you will never buy the cheapo cvs walmart ones again.spending this much on nail clippers? you would be crazy not to! i do not think we got fake ones. this is a high quality machine. i am already ordering the bigger one
not bad but i think being that my foot is small it rides up so i find myself pulling it down but when i do that it does not cover my fore toe but i will continue to use it because i need to see if it works better, its only been 1 day, so i will update later.
i have trouble sleeping and magnesium seems to help. this package of individually packaged doses makes it easy to consume magnesium in a liquid versus tablet or capsule form. it has the potential to be more potent as it gets into your bloodstream more quickly. i also like the taste a bit sweet.while i appreciate the convenience of having each dose premeasured for me, the doses come in these small plastic vials. to get out the entire liquid, i found myself biting down on the plastic vial itself as if it were candy and indeed, these vials remind me of the candy soda pop vials that kids swilled by biting off the wax top and then drinking the sugary liquid inside. it is kind of wasteful but i cannot deny they are convenient.great for travel but not great for the environment.
i have about 4 different kinds of medicine and this is perfect. before i bought this i would dig through my purse looking for different bottles, but now i just look for my little grey box and everything is right there. it has never come open on its own, which is also a plus.
great workout capris.  there are a little thicker than expected and the material dries a little slower than other pairs i have in different brands but great for running.  easy to move in these capris breathable material.  there is a lot of stretch to these.  if anyone is trying to figure out there proper size i am 5'1034; 162 lbs waist 3234; hip 3934;
you would think every pain relief cream is the same.  i guess that is what i thought, but i was wrong.  in the beginning, i would use bengay.  you can get it at every store and it works.  i like the smell of pain relief creams.  the mentholy smell actually is relaxing in itself for me.  bengay works for us.  but then, at the chiropractor, i started using biofreeze.  i guess i should back up a littlemy husband has scoliosis, so his back always hurts.  personally, i have a neck injury including a spur, a mid back injury from a car wreck, so i have a lot of scar tissue under my shoulder blades.  i have also just been diagnosed with arthritis in my foot.  i probably have it in my knees and elsewhere, going to a rhuemy in a few weeks.  anyway...i guess what i am trying to say, we have pain.  we are both pretty active, do not like to take a lot of meds, but like most, do not like pain.  who does?so, biofreeze, i like biofreeze, you can get it in a big pump bottle.  it is more of a gel and spreads okay, it just seems like i have to use a lot.  icyhot, i had to buy that, we were running out of biofreeze and the store did not have bengay.  icyhot is 'okay'.  it is hard to spread and it seems like you have to use a lot of product.now reliefor.  i honestly like it.  i had a chance to try it for a discount in exchange for an honest review.  i am glad i did.  i like the consistency.  it is not a lotion, not a gel.  it is a light blue liquid cream and spreads so nicely.  i used it on my husband's back and it it spreads around so easy.  he said it did not feel as 'hot34; as others he has tried, but i had also just given him an alcoholic beverage and he was feeling pretty relaxed.   me...i tried it on my neck and shoulder, knee, and foot.  i like it.  it brought relief.  it brought warmth.  it was easy to put on and absorbed well and is non greasy.i would like to look and see if they carry bigger sizes.  i would buy this again.  it is probably my favorite out of all the creams i have tried.  really!  so, i recommend trying it and seeing for yourself.
loved the product. just do not think i will order that particular size again. too big ! the adhesion is fantastic.much better than what came with the unit.
husband likes these because the bristles are pretty stiff... he likes a nice, firm back scrubber.  they seem to hold up.  i will update should new info seem useful.
feels nice and blocks the light fits a little close to the eyeballs , but i am using nightly and i like it.
i bought this to try on nerve pain, particularly sciatic nerve pain. it has a nice creamy, moisturizing feel and is easily blendedabsorbed by the skin. not a bad product, but in this application for this person it is not working to soothe the pain. we have used it over several weeks and it is not dulling the nerve pain as well as a soaking bath with magnesium salts does in this case. tried it for muscular pain and it seems to do ok. for the price, for our needs; i would buy magnesium salts and soak in the tub instead. great shippingfulfillment of the order; seller is great.
thick and comfortable when they come out of the package.  i use mine in a medical boot because it is so hot and the inserts are flat with no cushion and i doubled up after 2 days.
just like going to the hygienist
i am very happy with this spray cleaner.  it smells great and not sticky.  i would try other 34;flavors34; when i run out of peppermint.
excellent product, give me a great workout, have no regrets
for the price, it is good.  one thing though..  depending where i moved it on the kitchen floor or bathroom floor it was off consistently by 2 pounds up or down.  which means it is the floor, not the scale  for example, it would say 128 or 130 but nothing in between and not all over the place. when i was weighed at the doctor office, it was consistent.
i am never disappointed by this brand, which makes great gua sha stones. this pink rose quartz is well packaged and the stone is smooth and polished. it is great for using against your skin and a number of youtube videos show you how to do it. it is a nofrills package but the quality of the stone makes up for it.
never seen a product dispense medicine like this. turn knob and medicine comes out. besides that, it works !! i use it for back pain, and on the soles of my feet for neuropathy.
these did help somewhat for dry eye, but not enough for the price.
along with the fact that these are wonderful at keeping the bloating away, they capsule size is also medium so they are easy to swallow.  some capsules are so huge i cannot take them, but these are average size.  great product!
my bottle arrived without a lid. pretty unhappy about that because now i cannot carry it with me in my bag due to it possible getting the spray nozzle knocked off or broke or causing it to leak. the product works but i do not understand how it could be shipped just thrown into a bubble mailer with no lid and nothing to keep it from leaking.
does not smell like lemon essential oil at all to me. smells very fake. i think i should have been wary to buy such a large bottle for such an inexpensive price.
i love the product and wish i could buy more.
i did not know how much dead skin i had until i used it so much dead skin came out, and easily. after a few minutes it was like i have new feet.i did not try the nail part completely yet but i did polish the nails and they came out great this is a great buy
accurate and idiotproof.  wed been trying to be able to weigh my quadriplegic husbandshort of taking him and his wheelchair to our veterinarian and weighing him on their scaleand this is the perfect and simple solution.
issue 1.  i could not hold it down.  it was nauseating. not bad taste, just made me feel sick.issue 2.  there is no scoop.  pro tip it calls for 29 grams. a tablespoon is 15 grams.  two tablespoons is close enough.issue 3.  the safety seal was open.  if it came from anyone other than amazon, it would have gone straight to the garbage.issue 4.  it clumps and does not dissolve well at all.it tastes good.  that is about it.basic nutritional information and i am going to run a sidebyside with muscle milk  and muscle milk light for comparison115 calories mm 170; light 902 g fat mm 9; light 2.51 g saturated fat mm 2; light 0.545 mg cholesterol mm 10; light 54 g carbs mm 8; light 421 g protein mm 18; light 1415 at 140 mg calcium 8 light 158 at 290 mg potassium 21; light 2allergy warningsmilksoy though not soy proteineggwheattree nuts
vegetable glycerin used in food applications is usp grade or over 99 pure and has a sweet taste. vegetable glycerin metabolizes differently than sugar and is used in low carbohydrate foods for sweetness and moisture. unlike sugar, glycerin does not contribute to tooth decay.many household products, including lotions, shampoo, and toothpaste, contain vegetable glycerin. glycerin is added to these products because it is a humectant; a substance that attracts moisture to the skin. in the cosmetic world, this has two practical applications. first, glycerin leaves your skin hydrated. glycerin soap, for example, is popular for that very reason. second, for cosmetic products that deliver an active ingredient, a humectant can increase the solubility of the active ingredient, making it more easily absorbed by the skin.i personally use this glycerin to make my own soap. i love it!i also love the price. i will be buying again and again.
i heard of sea moss awhile ago and been searching for them in supermarket but no luck at all. therefore i turned to amazon and surprisingly this particular brand has many 5 star reviews so i went ahead and bought this.it look genuine and promising from the packaging. upon opening the bag, i found bits and pieces of things that were confusing at first. that was only a tiny bit of the sea moss i took out from the bag.i did a little research and read all of the question and answers on the amazon page regarding this product. the seller mentioned that this sea moss originate from indonesia previous edited from philippinesthe colorful threads and strings are plastic. it is not surprising at all if these sea moss were farmed near textile factories. these very thin plastic threads are made from melting of plastic and making them into fine threads and then into clothing. the finer transparent plastic threads clings to the sea moss for their life. it is almost impossible to get rid of every single piece. you will see what i mean if you soak it.also on the packaging itself located on the back states  34;cal prop 65 warning34;. this product contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.this indication is not pointing to sea moss causing cancer but the substance that is in the sea moss that comes from waste and heavily polluted areas. i have am pointing out what is clearly stated. i love sea moss but this particular brand contains dangerous chemicals that causes cancer. it horrifies me even further because indonesia is no where near safe from the fukushima spill. all of the area of the pacific ocean contain high level of radiation due to the spill. sea plants are highly sensitive and will absorb these radiation. that is why sea food from the pacific ocean are much cheaper compare to the atlantic.as always do your research and watch out! better safe than sorry!
i love the fresh air smell.
wonderful blocking mats. thicker than usual and very sturdy.  should last me many years.  i am very satisfied.  they got here super fast too!
i bought several of these to have our crew test them out, and they are indeed the genuine article for a few dollars less than our regular supplier plus they come in a nice case. once opened, and unfurled, i could not tell them apart from our first batch of authentic bandages.  they are well manufactured, and work exactly as they should in our numerous drills.  when we need more for our trauma  first aid kits, we will be sure to stock these.
i was surprised how well this cleaned.  removed grease  from places i had trouble with before. would love if it was a little larger, still, works wonders if you add a bit of cleaner or viviparous to sponge.  if you have reactions to cleanser because of odor or chemicals this is a must have.
i use this for keeping dust out of my nose when i change the catbox. i have no idea how effective it is on a scientific level, but it decreases the irritation a lot. i preferred this to disposable masks since i have enough trash as it is.
what is better than a pia colada? a pia colada the packs a powerful protein punch! i definitely give this drink mix five stars for flavor. it does not taste at all like traditional whey protein powder, it seriously does just taste like you are drinking a pia colada. blend  it with some ice and coconut milk and you are good to go. before ordering it, i scoured the product information page but i could not find a list of ingredients listing the sweetener. i am fairly particular about what sweeteners i use, but decided to take a chance, since i love pia colada, even though i did not see where the sweetener was listed. i was disappointed when it arrived and saw that uses sucralose, which tends to make me feel sick. i will probably not be finishing this due to that fact, despite the delicious flavor. the ingredients list on the amazon page literally just says whey protein isolate. this should definitely be updated, so that people can make an informed decision about what they are putting into their bodies. if you do not mind sucralose, this is a delicious protein powder for sure.
great for travel
fits ok? it feels a little big for me but to use it in the house i have no issues. the shoes come with a shoelace that can be adjusted with a cord lock and that help with the size issue. the battery? its very easy to place the battery inside the shoe pocket and secured it with the zipper. its comfortable? yes, a bit but still have the feeling the shoe is a little bit big for me. how about the heat? the heat did not felt that strong just enough to warm your feet. i guess that is a good thing to avoid sweat in this type of shoe. the material? looks ok but is not waterproof at all that is what i mention about interior shoes. the shoe feel soft in the inside and kind of wabbly in the back of the shoes. in general i like this shoes to chill in the house but i wish the heat was a bit stronger.
this is the best of the critter chasers i have tried here. easier to install and seem to be louder. extra star come with documentation for maintenance and battery replacement. waiting to see how long the rechargeable batteries last. this is my second purchase of this set.
these must have come from a bad batch. i bought these to replacer previously purchased refills that were not working. the spray is coming out of the bottom of the head of the spray can and filling up the holder, not spraying out into the air. this is a manufacturing issue and poor quality control.
feels very supporting on my foot
love these socks,they really work good . i ware them doing the day around the house
have tried several arch support brands  this one seems to be the only one that actually provides 4cm stablizing reinforcement to my high arches . have reoccuring plantar faciatis  these help stabilize my arches to help reduce pain.  formed plastic eva does not deform when standingwalking to provide consistent support.
product as stated.
when my baby is congested i rub this on her feet and the next morning she is all better!
does not clean ......try ounces ,ounces.... then the rest of bottle
very cumbersome to use. did not see any difference in curl. a manual crimping curler works far better. not sure why i was asked drying power and flavor?!
i have a quip toothbrush that i have used for travel for the last couple of years.  i do not think it cleans that well, it only has one speed, but you can replace the battery easily.  this sonic toothbrush will replace it completely!  the hieie has 5 different modes and 3 speeds, claims to run 30 days on one charge, has a nice carrying case, and really cleans my teeth.  i can tell a big difference when i use it from my oralb toothbrush, gums feel like they have been worked over and the teeth feel cleaner.  cannot wait for my next dentist appointment to see if it really helps as much as it feels like it does.one star off easy of use for no instructions in the package and that the charging base does not fit in the travel case.  note that the charging base is tiny, very easy to place.  does not come with usb charging block, does come with the usb cable.  since everyone has too many usb charging blocks i do not see that as a negative.
bulky and too thick.
capella flavor drops gingerbread concentratefor  a flavoring it taste soso.  has a slightly artificial under taste.  nice smell. i added to my coffee and food. it sort of tastes like it has ginger in it but only semiconvincing. weak flavor.  not terrible but not good.  bitter is not the problem.  ginger tends to be a little bitter but the flavor is not balanced properly.  will finish bottle because it not it is awful but will not buy again.
its ok. i use it for my injuries in the shower. i need something a little more rough. this is nice to keep your skin soft with daily use. i rinse off with cold water to prevent a rash, but using anything with friction on the skin can cause irritation.
i guess the only product i have in my history of teeth whitening is crest strips. these do not truly compare to them. these did not cling as well to my teeth as the crestdo i had to keep readjusting to assure they would stay in place. as far as actual whitening, i did see a slight improvement in the whiteness of my teeth. the big plus here is that these are about 12 the price of crest. so, if you are looking to save some money, these might be great for you.
i love the premise of this; vitamins to help you feel good during practice and contribute to keeping you fit and limber. this line has such a wonderful array of products and this is no exception. i have only been taking them for a few days but so far i like them a lot and recommend giving them a try.
this is an okay straightener and curler. i personally did not find it better than the one i have been using. i think my granddaughter took it home with her and she has been using it just fine. she has a thick head of hair but the strands are fine like mine, so it is easy to work with our hair
actually daughter loves it.
there are red lights around the entire inside of the collar and an infrared heat coil over the spine in the back segment of the collar. it is easy to open and slide around your neck which i tend to do from the front or side, then rotate the collar into place and then shortpress the power button on the front outside of the collar to start it. you can longpress to stop it at any time or shortpress to cycle through 3 heats levels. the red lights appear to have only one intensity yes! i would not want them to dim. even the lowest heat 1 is pretty toasty, and i am a gal who normally runs infrared as hot as it goes. after about a minute, it is too hot to press directly against my neck, but the collar design allows me to shift it slightly back and it will stay that way. overall, i am pleased. most red light devices do not allow good coverage of the neck, but this one does.
this is one time i should have paid attention to other buyers reviews.  this is very unstable and words do not begin to describe how hard it was to put together.  sadly, since this was made in china the cost was too high because we all know that the product cost very little for the company to have made and the markup to the consumer is a sin.
product description was wrong, it said it was compatible with my brush but they were not.
i loved how this made my skin feel after using. no unexpected reactions from my sensitive skin.
these were a literal life savor for my wedding. when i was breaking them in beforehand my heels kept popping up if i was not careful, but the day of i stuck these in and they where comfortable and kept my feet from popping out the entire night. this also involved me hiking all over gardens and climbing hills and rocky paths. i never once was concerned about losing a shoe and falling to my death. if you need that little something to keep your heels in place get these, they are perfect!
i bought these for my husband. he wears a mask as work and it was hurting his ears. these did the trick! he said it is just what he needed.
i like the mixture of ingredients incorporated into this product. the dose for one capsule seems rather low, so i have been taking two. i tend to have a sensitive stomach when it comes to taking pills. this formulation does not bother my stomach at all. seems to be very gentle, which helps in compliance in taking these every day. i normally take a shot of acv in a glass of water, and this is actually so much better. the other ingredients are great additions to help boost the affect of acv. i seem to be in more control of my appetite lately, and i think that regular use of these pills have contributed to that. even so, taking acv every day is beneficial to health.
just what i was looking for.  the curling iron has several settings to control heat and time.  it is easy to use and the curls last.
checked out on the tester as fully charged.
our chiropractor sells these pillows at her office and had encouraged me to try one after i was treated for neck pain resulting from a whiplash injury.  this was over 10 years ago and it is the only pillow i will use.  i usually buy a 3 pack and replace my pillows in less than 2 years so this is an economical way to buy them.  when i purchased my first 3 pack i had my husband try one and he liked it as well.
one end is same as a people brush. the other end is smaller but not thinner. i use the small end.  switched to my finger.
these are delicious and so flavorful!!  i was expecting a vinegary, hot sauce taste, these are not like that at all, they are great for dipping or adding flavor to anything
exactly what i asked for in a timely manner.
these hair trimmers cut my hair very efficiently. they gave my hair a smooth and even trim. the motor proved very powerful and did not slow down at all. with a great battery life, and very sharp blades they surprisingly did not irritate my skin. these professional trimmers are much better than most any that i have ever used. they are a precision instrument and were well engineered. great design and even better followthrough.
good product, but on silver jewelry, use with caution.  i suggest testing a small area first.  do not leave silver jewelry immersed longer than a couple of seconds.  love it for sterling silver chains  quickly dip in and out.  i always rinse jewelry in water after dipping.
i had to have a handyman help me put this in the trap underneath the kitchen sink. i did notice that the sink drained faster and with less issues after having used the tablet.  it was less convenient than using a powder version but it did work.
its a little stiff.
one of the best protein flavors i had! the other ones are better but this one is still pretty good!
this is a really nice unit for back pain!  i was in a car accident a few years ago.  i have bought tons of back braces over the years, massage tools, and other items to help back pain.  id definitely put this in the top three of the items that have provided pain relief.its very easy to use.  set the base up, put the device on top of it.  then just turn it on.  i let it go on automatic mode and was happy with that.  my wife like the heat too.  said it felt really good.we are very happy with this overall
this case is super attractive and holds a total 27 of my vitamin e 2000 iu capsules. if i could remove the insert, it would hold a few more.loves love the the design and that there is a different embossing on the top and bottom so i can tell which end is up love that it is small enough to be portable the clasp is super sturdy, so it will not come undone in my pursedislikes i wish the insert were removablein summary, this case is really sturdy and super attractive. it will only hold a few horsesized pills but it is great for those who have smaller pills to carry. also the clasp is very sturdy.  the current price of 9.99 is competitive for this.
i have been suffering a couple months with heel pain from plantar fasciitis.  i thought i would give these a try and wow, i was surprised at how much they cut down on the pain.  i wish they came in a tighter and thicker version.
i like these, well packaged as well
not as good as some of the others.
it says no fish burps, but i have been burping fish starting 30 minutes after i took it.  i will not buy these again, because their claims are just not true.
this was a gift for my boyfriend, and i was pleasantly surprised by the quality! it is super convenient for both home use and travel. he mainly keeps it on his desk since that is usually where he is when it is time to take his medication. then, when we go away, he just throws it in a backpack or toiletry bag. it takes up less space and looks nicer than those orange pharmacy bottles, and he never has to wonder if the lid is on correctly either. a small button on the front pops the lid right open, and pressing it back into place automatically closes it securely.the interior is divided into two compartments. they might be a bit small for extended trips, but a single side can hold enough of his prescription to last several weeks, so he generally uses the second side for something else when we travel. the amount of pills this box holds obviously depends on their size, but all of the medications we have at home fit well, including large otc capsules and vitamins.overall, this pillbox seems wellmade and durable. it has a nice weight to it, and it is easy to clean. the image on top looks exactly as pictured. except for a couple scuffs on the bottom, it is still in great condition and perfect working order after several months of consistent use. my boyfriend is not exactly careful with it, so i would say it is held up splendidly. i think it was well worth the price!
scratched the heck out of me
first container contained black small particlesa like it was previously opened.
these bars are amazing  low sugar  high protein  probiotics! make you so full  sometimes i cannot get through whole bar. kids love this flavor too. like this one better than almond one. hard to find in stores  wish they sold them more places. please carry through whole foods!
good product.  shipped quickly.  thank you
this is just a flat iron with teeth.  if you roll it on your hair it pulls and burns the hair that gets stuck.  i do not recommend.  it is a waste of money.  i am asking for my money back.
moved a lot and did not feel helpful
using hemp products is a bit of a crap shoot because you are never quite sure if the product is going to have any effect on your condition.  so i am giving a cautious thumbs up for this because i have been using it with great success on an inflamed muscle in my leg.  i did not expect it to work this well; i tried it because when i test a product i put it through all sorts of paces.what i found was that within about 5 minutes of application, the pain in my leg and backside had eased considerably.  it did not go away entirely, that required the addition of some nsaids. but it did make the discomfort manageable, which is a blessing.  when i tried this as a sleep aid, it did nothing for me.  results on a headache were mixed.  i will say that some advice i was given  always look for hemp products that are co2 extracted  was good advice because i find such products to be acrosstheboards more effective than any others.what can i take away from these experiments? mostly what i take from most such experiments we are all different, and products like this, which are created without set standards, will inevitably vary. so if this works for you, for some conditions, be glad, use it, you lucked out.  if it does not, hand it off to someone else who might have better luck, and try something else.
i love this product and it is great for so many ailments. it is definitely an acquired taste and it is not particularly cheap, but i think every household should have it in their medicine cabinet.
these bags are very strong and easy to see through. i am using them to move and store belongings. they are easy to get off the roll. i bought another box to have on hand.
not sure yet because i just put them on.
i have m.s. and am recovering from a multiply broken back.  i think i can honestly doubt i would have survived even this well without these to get me through the day when i have to be in a car, at home in bed, after therapy, and sitting for a few minutes in the sun for vitamin d.
came on time. very useful in keeping counter top clean. nice to have everything that goes in the dishwasher.
i believe turmeric is so good for your overall health. these capsules include gingers which are also great.
read many reviews, all glowing and not one with my problem.  while putting it on the top gasket the one with the hole consistently popped out of the blue ring.  rats, i was so looking forward to a first shower in nearly a week.  i am sure my wife was too.  solution?  easy, i made sure boot gasket was properly seated on the lower ring an put a band of surgical cloth tape over the boot gasket.  the carefully placed the top gasket centering it and press the top ring down all around. now the gasket will not slip out and you are ready for your shower.
great stuff! works awesome on all baby, kid and adult stains. formula, spit up, baby food and leaky diapers. works better than any other stain remover i have tried!
very strong energy from this. amazing!
leave this product in your shower. while the water is still running pour the oil onto your body and rub it in! also pour some oil under your running bath water! this is my absolute go to oil!
really tasty and high quality product.  highly recommend.
i have been taking these daily for a month now and am pleased with the results. good quality vitamin d3 at a fair price.
needs reheating  kind of too chewy but delish to keep in emergency
arrived with one candle broken so returned the whole thing, do not know about the longevity.  it does not smell that great unlit but not sure if it would smell better once you light it.
i used it for cleaning and it smells great and last long and cleans good.
these are great and well made. the material is sisal so its a little scratchy, but considering you are using it to get clean its a plus. similar to a loofa. the bags hold up in the washer too; i throw them in with my towels.
works, bit the lock for mouth piece jet does not snap well.
totally happy with it. met my needs and expectations.
poor cleaner, does not make me feel like the mat is clean after wiping down. smells nice though.
these are very nicely padded, if you are like me and have a skinny arm, then they are loose and do slip down, but i prefer this to the really tight fit that cuts off circulation. i have washed once to check durability, air dry only and they are in great condition. i am happy enough and would buy again.
for the most part, the unit functions well.  however, the instructions are written in what appear to be 0.0000000000000001 font size.  in addition, the writer obviously spoke very poor english, and the instructions were not meant for this unit.  not sure what moron thought this was a good idea, but they have no business writing an instruction manual.
i was quite surprised when i made my first smoothie using the smoothie blender bombs! absolutely delicious, very filling  for half the day. definitely would buy again. i purchased the peanut butter chocolate yummy.
needed this for my 32 oz bottle of hibiclens!
i have used kt tape and rock tape both are excellent but expensive i tried this brand but not again  i must be allergic to the adhesive it has torn my ankle up very itchy and irritated swollen and welts not happy
did not work at all. a waste of money really. i left it in a heel that annoyed me in one area to try and stretch it out, and i had it there for days. it did nothing.
just what we needed!
this goat milk bath was so luxurious. i purchase the 2 piece sampler and used the lavendar  rose. it does not have overwhelming aroma if you are concerned about clashing with your perfume. my skin gets dried out in the winter and this soak made my skin so soft and moisturized afterwards that i did not even have to apply lotion. the product dissolves completely and the bath water turns milky which i think gives you the total spa experience. love the five sisters products and look forward to trying any new items they might bring out!
price is a little high
i appreciate that this noni fruit powder is certified organic and nongmo. it appears that the only ingredient is the noni fruit. the powder does not have a strong taste, but i usually use it in a green drink or fruit smoothie. it stirs in fine. they include a small, plastic 2 g serving scoop about a teaspoon. in this 8 ounce sized package, there are about 114 scoops, so the powder will last for a while. seems to be a good quality product.
i suffered severe, chronic, constipation for 8 years going from dr. to dr..., was diagnosed with "lazy bowel disease..." and tried everything imaginable to find relief, but found no cure. after having read about it from this link...and tried it, i have not been constipated since. it took about a week of gradually increasing the dosage to take full effect, but to me, using this supplement has been like a medical miracle and i am very grateful lt;3
i have sprayed my patio every day and the stray cat still comes and lays on it waiting for birds at my bird feeder.  waste of money.
i think this container of collagen is kind of pricey coming in at 39.98 as of this review.  i have reviewed other high quality collagens that cost less and were also flavorless.  that said, i think this is a good collagen product for collagens i and iii.  it dissolves well in liquids and has no taste that i can detect.  i have been taking collagen on a daily basis for about 8 months and have finally started to notice improvement in the skin on my arms and face.  it takes a long time to see results so consistency is needed.  my skin is a lot more flexible and plumper.
feels flimsy and i am afraid every time i step down on it
this is my favorite goto wild rice mix.one time, i could not find this brand in stock, so i got the 'rice select rice blend' instead.  big mistake and big disappointment, as the first ingredient in the rice select blend was ....texmati white rice.
i do not know if has helped my joints or anything else people claim, but it maintains my cholesterol better than the fish pills.
these are really soft and easy to insert.  much better than others i have used.  at this price, just buy them. . .
i am a really big fan of rez block. essentially, what happens is that when rez block is added to water, the water is then able to trap a lot of the resin that would normally accumulate in the piece of glassware or end up in our lungs.you will want to change your water more frequently with rez block, as it fairly quickly shows just how much gunk it is stopping.
the girl loves bath bombs and is usually the only one who gets them. this set, i had her mom take with her and they get to share them. they love them. it is so nice to give a gift that someone absolutely loves.
this is exactly what i need. i need the extra protection against harsh chemicals in my work environment. it goes on soft and does not feel heavy or greasy. this size jar will last me quite a long time.
loved these. i searched everywhere for birthday decorations that were fun and modern, and i bought several things from ling' s. everything arrived in great condition and quality. i would definitely use this manufacturer again
i am a protein powder nut. i start off every day with a protein shake and i love trying new flavors and combinations of flavors to keep it from getting boring. of all the proteins i have tried recently, this and the oatmeal cookie version from the same brand have been some of my favorites flavor wise! oh. my. word. yum. i thought it would be like nutela, but it actually has a bit of a nutty flavor along with the chocolate, which i really enjoyed. i seriously love the taste. it mixes smoothly and is not gritty at all. my only complaint is that it is sweetened with sucralose. i would prefer something a little more natural like stevia or monk fruit, but other than that, it is fantastic!
bounty is about as good for a fraction of the price.
this device is awesome! it has allowed me to have mobility after footankle surgery. it can also be easily moved out of the way for another driver to use the car normally.by the way, i did not purchase it here. i rented it directly from the seller, which is a great option for those that only need it short term.
this has a great flavor. works well
too hot. and being tied to the usb... insane.
works well for massaging lotion or whatever cream you want to use.... i find the roller is not as easy or feel as comfortable while using it.
this thermometer does not work. took temperature today and it read 34.6 do not think that is right at sll
i have this coffee recommended by anthony williams and i want to share this with my mom and she she loves it and i have reordered this chicory coffee 3 times already and she cannot get enough.
these are wellmade mop heads. the microfiber center had zero loose or puckered threads, and the density of the microfiber was nicely dense for good pickup performance. the fringe around the edge is stitched on well, and also did not have any loose or pulled threads. they fit and work well with many platform mops provided that the mop has velcro on the underside of the platform to grip the pad.these work very well when dry mopping. the microfiber picks up and holds an impressive amount of dust, pet hair and other similar gunk. the fringe around the edge makes it easy to clean right up to the baseboard or, if used in the kitchen, at the cabinet toe kick area. it also helps ensure that the mop does not mar any chair legs or furniture if it gets bumped while mopping.the performance is not as good as a wet mop due to the fringe. that is not a problem specific to these pads, but occurs with any pad that has an outer fringe. it is certainly useable and effective as a wet mop, but a nonfringe mop head usually performs better.the set comes incased in a sealed plastic pouch which keeps them nice and clean during transit, and can also be used to keep them clean in storage.a very good mop head  five stars.
fits my water furnace series 7 perfectly. the merv 11 is great for the area i live in.
this is a fantastic ice roller. it is just heavy enough to have a terrific feel in your hand. the weigh allows it to roll freely smoothly across whatever body part you are working it on. it stays cold long enough to do it is magic. and it is just plain wonderful that it came with a case! storing it in the freezer is a breeze compared to other rollers that i have. the case makes all the difference in the world. the curve of the handle and the weight of the roller actually even made it a great roller for a back massage. i highly recommend this little device.
excellent product  i feel the benefits.
i am middle aged and unfortunately i think going through menopause. as a result, my hair is getting thin. only time will tell if these are effective in terms of better hair, skin and nails.  wellforia hair gummies will hopefully strengthen my hair giving me a head of healthy hair. the package contains 60 gummies. you take 2 per serving. 1 month supply. they are1. shaped like gummy bears.2. tastes great berry flavored.3. they are easy to chew. not as firm as a gummy bear but not as soft as a swedish fish.4. contain biotin, retinol, folic acid, vitamins a, c, d, and e.5. affordable 17 on amazon.
coconut oil is often a solid at room temperature except during the hot months so i was glad to see this oil available for review.  our house is kind of cold and it has remained a nice, clear and easy to use liquid.  it is easy to pump out and apply.  i cannot say it is the best moisturizer i have ever used because coconut oil is naturally a little dehydrating.  i still like it though and have been using this oil everyday after showering.  it does not smell like coconuts at all and has no scent that i can detect.
this thing destroyed a pair of pants. it also pulled places and added more pilling on a sweater.
my husband is a diabetic and he has a lot of nerve pain in his feet because of this. i purchased this for him to try because it is 100 pure, natural and herbal. he has been taking 2 capsules a day for a while now and he is starting to notice less burning and tingling in his feet.  this is allowing him to finally get a full nights sleep, before he was up walking the floor in pain for hours.  hopefully with continued use his feet pain will go away all together. i  received this product at discount in exchange for an honest review
my 11 year old daughter got this bath bomb in her christmas stocking and she loved it. she has used other bath bombs in the past and they were a bit of a let down so we were not expecting much. we were pleasantly surprised! it dissolved great, not too quickly, with lots of fizz and the color was a vibrant teal blue, just like in the pic. but the best part of this bath bomb is the fragrance! its called flower bomb and its described as smelling like primrose. i was dreading the smell because the scent of artificial floral beauty products is usually pretty awful, in my opinion. this bomb smelled so pretty! not too strong or overly sweet. i am super picky about smells and i loved it! id definitely buy this particular bomb again and its likely that id try others made by da bomb. oh! and it came with the little flower eraser shown in the pic. so cute!
i loved this lip balm when i first started using it.  after daily use for two months, i am having a terrible reaction.  the lip balm causes irritation, dry, throbbing and cracking lips.  there is also truth to the mold issue for this product.  do your research.  i have an unopened 5 pack that i plan to return as soon as possible.  do yourself a favor and do not use. i am not sure how long it will take the negative affects to go away, but i have thrown all of my used items away.
they hold up well
i purchased this for my dad who has cancer and has issues standing in the shower. this seat fits his tub perfectly and has different levels the seat can sit so it can go higher or lower depending on preference. it has a soap holder too which is nice and a mesh bag. it is a must have for elderly or disabled people. it makes showering much easier because you can sit instead of standing
these glasses are great overall with one painful exception; the nose pads.  the pads themselves are the thinnest i have ever seen on glasses and provide very little cushioning.  to add to this flaw, the pad arms are not able to support even the weight of the glasses and are always bending.  when the arms and pads are properly positioned, which is rare, these glasses feel uncomfortable on your nose.  they are always bending, though, and literally become little daggers cutting into the bridge of your nose.
love this product.  i noticed a huge difference in my skin after using it for a while.
my feet thank you homedics
whether you believe in the power of chakras or not, this black tourmaline pyramid is an attractive piece to display on your table. it has the weight and heft of a paperweight, so i do not see any reason why it cannot be used as such. it has a lot of sparkly stones on the inside with a crystal wrapped several times over with copper wire. the bottom has a copper wire as well, in a circle. i do not know that much about chakras, but just looking at this beautiful item makes me feel calmer!
what a back saver .
ordered this to help with removing old boat decals from 2010. what a waste of . figured at the price it should be fantastic. lesson learned just because it cost five or six times more does not mean it works half as good as others. also no refunds! they do not stand by their product. use acetone or goo be gone and save your money. sure wish i did!!!
i love these! found them while traveling through ireland and now cannot use anything else!
junk! arrived doa!
made very well. helped with my pain.
yes. i really like this product.
they work great. they are ear plugs. i got tired of using balled up kleenex. the only issue is the vibration noise of the cord traveling into the ear canal when it moves around while trying to study.  i have used a pair of foam plugs from work that have a plastic cord and it is quieter.i like these, though. i take the cord off to study for school. does not matter as much if i am doing yardwork or in a high noise environment.
use this a few times a week on a bichon and it keeps her eyes bright and clean
nobody to blame but myself, you get what you pay for.  i used this thing for just a few minutes before it had to come off and has not been used since.  save your money  get something that is fully functional.
not pure silicone! i have a corn intolerance which is in everything! used these last night and woke up with swollen sinuses, itchy ears,  and i almost could not get the plugs out because my inner ear was swollen so bad. an hour later after getting them out and the swelling is going down. do not get off you are sensitive to things. thankfully i still had prednisone in my system from a shot 2 days ago.
i think it takes a while to seefeel the effects. my knees may be feeling a bit better. rating may change as i use it longer.
these are easy to swallow and supplement our probiotics has helped maintain a healthier feel for both of us. these have helped maintain regularity as well as our overall energy levels. the ingredients seem to be in line with todays more natural and organic solutions. as with all things, everyone should be mindful of your own unique digestive tolerances.
i have not used it yet, but it new and i should have no problems with it.  it was a good buy.  it really smells godd and it does work for the purpose it ws bought for,
i love these reading glasses. they are really comfortable and crystal clear. i was not sure if id like the metal side or not, but they have not been a problem at all.
i have severe lower back issues. this provides great support both in my car seat and my chair.
i purchased this in july. it is now october, so i think that i have used it off and on long enough to give a review.i say off and on because i am not the most dedicated person in the world when it comes to dieting and taking vitamins and supplements. with that said, i am very pleased with this product. it does what it says, blocks the fat and carbs that you eat with your meals.  i warn you, that you will see the results of that in your bathroom breaks in 812 hours. you do become more 34;regular34;, that is how i know it is working. i noticed that i do find myself adjusting my fat and carb intake depending on how often i have to go to the bathroom, so in that respect, the product is encouraging me to alter my eating habits. the bottle is 60 capsules, so if you take it diligently it should only last you about a month. but as i said, i am not diligent so this bottle lasted me until now. i took maybe two capsules a day maybe twice a week when i remember to.  even then, i saw the results.  i have not lost much weight yet, but i have not gained any either, and it is encouraging to know that i can continue to use this as a constant reminder to cut back on the chips and ice cream. notice i did not say cut out chips and ice cream heehee!
great for use on days you feel to loosen up after splurging on calories.
larry uses this every night before bed. it says it keeps his feet from burning so he can sleep. thanks
i am a busy mom of two small children, which means i am on my feet a lot pretty much all day. when i actually get a few minutes to myself, i have been really enjoying this foot massager! it has variable speeds and pressure as well as heat that really help my feet feel relaxed. i feel like its a little rough on my heels, and i wish i could turn that part off once it gets uncomfortable, but the disc that massages the arches and the balls of the feet feels good. the part that goes over your feet inflates to squeeze your feet kind of like a blood pressure cuff, and pushes your feet down onto the massager so you get a deep massage on the bottoms of your feet. it comes in a nice box, and would be a great gift.
this is so easy to use and only takes a few minutes per batch. very good quality colloidal silver produced. i highly recommend this silver generator.
great back support for upper and lower good quality durable comfortable
well i can honestly say these band aids do not work but they are good if you want to prevent itching the bite. other than that they do not do anything. they do stay stuck for a couple of days even after a couple showers. i do not know if i will buy again.
as of this review i do not know how much these clean wipes costs.  i think they do a good job of cleaning and are about the same size as a full sized kleenex but much stronger and can be used multiple times.  i think the idea is that they do not she would any fibers which is great for places where tiny fibers can interfere with sensitive equipment  electronics labs and the situations given on the product page.
bought as a gift for my brother who rolls his own bagged tobacco. he was only able to use it for 3 months before it broke.
have heard iffy reviews about ordering oils on line. absolutely not true in this case. product arrived well protected, and oil is amazing.
love these bags! they are absolutely beautiful! i am obsessed with anything holo and had to grab them and i am glad i did! they are well made resealable bags that are very thick. could be great for storing candy, snacks, various herbs, little parts, the sky is the limit! you can use a heat thing and seal the top up easily too. these things are just amazing!!
... does exactly what its supposed to do.
easy to use and it really does squeeze all the dirty liquid from the pad so you are not mopping with a completely dirty pad.
i purchased this repellent for my infant because it did not have deet eww, deet is smelly!. i absolutely hate seeing mosquito bites on her, including her face!! i needed to get something gentle on her skin and face and as non smelly as possible. this stuff actually seems to be working and has not caused any irritation when lightly used on her face! we recently went for a walk in a different neighborhood from our own to escape the buggies and as soon as we got out of the car we were bombarded with mosquitoes! i quickly applied the repellent on the baby first and you could see the mosquitoes flying around her and the stroller, never landing on her skin.smells good, and repels. i would say it works!
i got the fitbit aria scale to pair with my fitbit charge and also link with myfitnesspal, and in general just make my health journey a bit more streamline. and i must admit, it really does add value to that, compared to my non wifi digital scale that i used for years.the design is sleek and sexy i got it in white and is not an eyesore in my bathroom. the scale is very responsive, and seems to be quite accurate on weight and body fat. i love that it autosyncs to my fitbit and myfitnesspal apps, so i do not need to worry about remember to manually enter it. i also like the feature that it can recognize up to 8 people. my bf uses it occasionally and it knows when it is me or him that steps in the scale. overall, it is certainly overpriced for what it is, but if you can get over that, i think it is a fantastic and sleek fitness tool to have. if i did not usehave a fitbit charge, i probably would not be able to justify purchasing this scale. but if you do, i think you will notice that it does add value to your fitness regimen.
i think they are smaller than average deodorant tubes and the lids are a little loose, but they work well.
the colors are soft, the paper absorbent and the overall feel is quality.  really like this product and i believe you will too.
recently someone sprayed our small office with a couple of squirts of the glade icy evergreen forest . it felt like christmas. i was happy to find this spray available at amazon. i also purchased the plugin scent warmers.
anti fog effectiveness is marginal and my glasses are now constantly smudged. cleaning them multiple times a day hoping to totally get rid of this stuff.
my shibas love this toy and it can hold up to my pitbullsharpei mixs chewing.  i love a toy that all 3 of my dogs can enjoy.  i am not sure the bristles are doing much cleaning since they seem to prefer chewing on the hard plastic but any chewing is better than none.  highly recommend this toy for chewers of all sizes!
and have loved it for years!! i keep this in the shower and when i am done, before toweling dry, i spray it all over. esp on elbows, knees  feet. then i towel dry.  sometimes i will spray a lil on my body when dry if i am going for that soft, sexy, not too shiney look ;  awesome product! highly recommend!!
i do not know why the description says there is four  i received a threepack of reading glasses with a prescription of 1.50 in the colors of blue, red, and brown. all of them are in the wayfarer style with half of the stems being a seethrough plastic, which is a cool stylistic touch. each pair of glasses comes with a matching foam case which makes it easy to identify which is which. the lenses are on the thin side but so far they seem durable. i like the fact that there are three so that if i lose one i can use the other two as backups.
i wear this ever night. i was taking 5 or more sleeping pills with no luck. by leaving this on, i feel well rested. there are nights i am awake while it is on but you will go in and out of conscienceness without recognizing. the night goes by in minutes but this is due to restlessness.
love this file, hard to get in stores.
my kid did not appreciate flavor
my hair needs to get a little longer and i think this tool will work great.  my hair does not stay in it very well at its current length.
he did not measure properly it is too small but we are using it
this product i take at night to help me relax and get a good night sleep. it has also helped with leg cramps. i love this product.
loved the how well the cleaners worked but only like the lemon smell the lavender or whatever the purple bottle was had a horrible smell
tastes great and peps you up!
this just works
these are thick and comfortable and fit well in my shoes. these are wellmade.
it works but does not shave very close.  dissappointing.
so i originally gave these earplugs a 1 star review. i had used them as directed and they did not stay in at all. then, some time later, i could not find the ones i had been using instead another brand. so i looked at the quies earplugs again and decided to try to make them work.i took one earplug, divided it into half, kneaded. each half to soften them up, and pressed them over my ear canals.they actually work better this way than the other brand, as when split in half the wax core is exposed. the cotton holds them in my ears better, as they wick the moisture from my ears. the other brand does not. i have been using these ever since and will reorder when needed.
love these ,, the colors are bright like i wanted
bought this for my husband. not very palatable and ended up throwing away. if it does not taste good, it is not going to be used, no matter how good it might be for you.
i take hot yoga and need a good mat cleaner that does not irritate my skin or make a room full of people escape from the smell. this is it  moderate and mild aroma, cleans well enough for general surface cleaning needs, and the towel is washable with a decent washcloth size to it.
glasses adhere for a few minutes but the eventually just get greasy and slide off more than usual.
love this!!!! my son will not take the little citrus fruit flavored probiotics, i have tried three different kinds, he spits them out as soon as they hit his mouth. these are individually packaged so it is not a guessing game with how much to give. i just sneak a packet into his morning bottle of milk and in ten minutes he is had his full serving of probiotics and prebiotics for the day! it is pretty cool, especially with cold season coming upon us i want to get a head of the game and build his little immune system. they have worked wonders for me. would definitely recommend them!
legitimate product, though cost is high.
nice white mask but too big
are you kidding me. wonderful product with great application. thank you. will refer clients to you.
this stuff is the greatest
i needed a "soupy" toothpaste for my newfangled ultrasonic toothbrush. this is basically like a mouthwash. all liquid. i like the dispenser. and intend to make a liquidy toothpaste and put into this dispenser. so basically, i bought an 8 dispenser. it was worth a shot. but i would say save your money.
exactly as expected! each letter comes with two small hole punches for extra sturdiness and the string to wind through to create the banner. all letters were present and the quality of the glitter card stock was good. excellent value for the price. shipped in packaging that kept the letters from bending.
i guess, i mean i did not get sick on my trip abroad  12h plane rides included
cla is a secret i have used for years to control my weight and help me build and retain muscle. this formulation is very potent. the serving size is four capsules. you can split this into two each with your two largest meals. i highly recommend this product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
these restrict airflow, so you wake up in the middle of the night with a headache because you cannot breathe
i cannot complain about the product or the amount of time it took to get the items.  the only thing that was a little concerning was how easily the protective seal came off the top of the bottle when i opened it.  it was sealed, but i suspect it was the glue used at the time of manufacturing.  other than that, the item was as described and delivered promptly.  the price was also reasonable.  i would buy from this seller again.
i had 2 and in our house i noticed the moldmildew was gone in the 2 rooms i had them in yet some times the rest of the house had a old stale smell... hard to explain so i purchased 2 more!  i have 6 rooms total in my house and by adding these two units the house smells fresh  clean all the time!  i have not had to replace any of the bulbs yet and i have had 2 for over a year!  i am so pleased with this product!!
i was really looking forward to trying this product because it is vegan and organic, but no matter what ingredients i add to it, it makes my smoothies taste rancid. i am not sure if i got a bad product or not, but regardless, it is not for me. i have found other protein powders that are plant based that taste great, or at least are not noticeable when combined with other ingredients. this one even smells odd.
if you want a good facial cleansing brush, but do not want to spend 200, this is a good alternative. the brush is compact and easy to hold. it does not take up much space on a counter. it also packs well for travel. it is cordless and rechargeable. it is a good skincare tool. do not forget to clean your brush with antibacterial soap after each use.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
these clippers are a strong sturdy and sharp but they are a little tight to use i do not have a lot of strength in my hands
made well, great value, and shipping was speedy!
i am so glad i found these! i know apple cider vinegar is good for you but i love the gummies much better. easier for oral consumption.  excellent detox.
too soon to tell that it is whitening but i find that it is really great on killing the morning breath and great for use after meals especially lunch time at the office for those of you who do that sorta thing.
much smaller than i expected, and not very soft at all.
yes,  i bought this because it is kleenix.  i knew it would be soft and especially absorbent.  there is no fragrance,  just simple softness.  and,  reason for absorbency?  two ply!
it works as described. i recommend this product.
super cute. great as party favors for our daughter's birthday party.
these are not extra wide and they are not diabetic socks. they were regular socks and amazon is not looking at these vendors close enough.
excellent, sturdy product. i have only used it a couple of days so far, but i definitely prefer the clips over other styles i had before with the loop attachments. i will be ordering more in different styles. highly recommend this seller!
i do not like it this brand. it comes on at barely a touch, the cord is short and the speed is not what i am use too. i will not buy it again or refer it. i wish i could of sent it back.
easy to attach. smaller than i thought but it is still a good size. it is very sturdy too.
this sound machine comes with a total of 24 sounds. it is packaged with an ac adapter, the unit itself, a cheat sheet circle, and a regular instruction pamphlet.operation is simple as per my video. i just plugged it in and then pressed the light button for my choice of nightlight color. i also pressed the sound playing button to start playing the sounds. this button serves as the onoff button for the unit. the nightlight feature has seven lights that can be cycled through with two variations of white light. the timer feature goes from 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes or can be turned off to play continuously. there are three sound controls  naturelullaby, white noise, and fan. there are 8 available sounds each for the white noise and fan and 16 nature sounds. i particularly like the nature sounds.the current price of 25.99  is what machines like this go for. of course, in the days of smart home speakers such as google home, no such device is really needed as i can just ask my google home to play sounds or tell it goodnight to get a routine. nevertheless, for those who want a sound machine for a baby room or just for themselves, this does work. know that there will never be more than 24 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played.i rated this unit three stars for several reasons. first, i prefer a battery operated unit correction to what i said in my video. i do not like the idea that i have to be tethered to a power supply to operate this and want to be able to take it with me anywhere. second, the controls on top are very difficult to see see photo. the printing needs to be a bright white so that it is visible to the operator. third, the unit is not as sleek as some other units i tried previouslyit's tall and squat. nevertheless, this works as designed and it is a good machine, but this is not my top pick.
my kids love mario and these bandaids are too cute. decent quality too! must have for mario fans! my kids are 7 and 2 and love them! too expensive though.
this matters or not do not waste your time but i will not have to match them make it look like they are tall the matches but then not
these patches really do relieve the pain. they can be cut to whatever size you need.they stick extremely well.
i used this on an offwhite bench cushion we have in our home.  the directions are clear and easy to follow.  so far whenever we have gotten dirt or anything else on the cushion we have been able to just brush it off.  there is no smell and it is nontoxic.
great quality and lovely colors.  better than i expected for the price!  does a great job on my nails and does not because splitting like emery boards.
i have been taking 3 tablespoons of this about every other day for about 2 months.  there is no doubt it is the real deal.  i do feel better, but i personally have had unfavorable results.  for one, i was one of those people who gained weight very easily from taking it. i do not know why.  i was not underweight.  i have also noticed that my cycle, which has always been off since i was a teenager and had somewhat regulated after the birth of my daughter, is now sporadic again.  i went 40 days last cycle and now am at like day 46 and still no period.i will continue taking this and probably purchase again.  it is not  the maca's team fault my body is reacting this way, but my body is reacting and that means the powder is working.  i will finish the bag and hope my body settles down.  it might take awhile as i started this powder with a pretty big hormonal imbalance.
all ingredients come packaged separately in a nice little clear box. i followed directions exactly and the soup was delicious. i am hoping it will knock this cold i have been fighting for the last week.
i am always hoping to find something to curb my appetite.  i did not notice any change while using these.
and it makes it cute
a however a bit difficult to program.
great keto product. taste is good and adds a good balance to your day
these vials are very expensive. the saline solution is ok. the packaging is terrible.  when the vial is opened, the hole in the vial does not squirt directly down into the lens consistently, causing a lot of wasted product.  the vials do not stand vertically, so they leak or become contaminated.  i only bought this brand because scleralfil was backordered.
i had previously left a 3 star review since i was able to get a smooth shave the first time i used it. i have always had trouble shaving intimate areas because of razor burn and ingrown hairs. i was very hesitant in purchasing this product because i have tried countless shavers, epilators, razors, you name it  i have probably tried it!i used this product one time and it was pretty cool that you use it wet, so i decided to try it out in the bathtub. it shaved very well, even though it was rather difficult reaching some places. now, the aloe strips helped tremendously and i was quite pleased with the results. however, after using this one time, the aloe strips were ruined and i could not use the shaver again because it caused horrible razor burn and did not get nearly as close of a shave as before. there also is not an option to purchase more aloe strips without having to buy a whole replacement head. i contacted customer service and sent pictures of the aloe strips and explained the situation. long story short, they offered half my money back so i would be stuck with a shaver i cannot use and half of a refund  no thank you! i ended up returning the item. do not waste your money on one good shave.
if you have ever ruined an item of clothing or upholstery due to a stain, you will definitely want this product. the spray protects fabrics from all kinds of stains. you may want to apply a few layers for some fabrics. i highly recommend this product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
i have 3 verilux lamps, including this one, so that i can use them at my piano, reading chair, and at bedside.  these are sturdy lamps with a nice clean design and a variety of colors to compliment any decor. my favorite is the ivory.  i have presbyopia and early cataracts, so can benefit greatly from higher contrast in reading and needlework. these lamps are beyond meeting my expectations.  whereas, i used to have a lot of eye fatigue and got sleepy while reading at night, this is no longer the case. the black print appears darker, sharper as if i would upgraded my glass prescription. i find that i have sufficient spread of light for reading an average newspaper page. even the newspaper stock quote pages are now readable, whereas this is not the case otherwise.  i also do a lot of watercolor painting and needlepoint. it is a treat to be able to work into the evening while being confident that my color mixes are true.  here is an amusing side note which supports that the light approximates daylight......my elderly cat, who enjoys a daily bath in outdoor sunlight, sometimes substitutes the verilux lamp light for his "spa" when the weather is bad! it cannot be the heat that he is drawn to as little is given off.  i can appreciate some reviewers' observations that the quality of the light is perhaps "overly white." yet, the lamp is not intended for ambient lighting but rather for a small task area.  the light bulbs are not pricey when you consider that they last for 5 years and are, thus, an average cost of 4. a year. also, they use less than 15 of the electricity of a traditional 150 watt reading light.  if making a decision to purchase this lamp, i would suggest that you base it upon your need or wish to have better clarity in visual work at night. it is not intended to add daylight to a room.  there are many cheaper verilux lookalikes, but i would not recommend these. there are serious complaintsthat these fall apart in a year or two or fail to work from the beginning.
wife did not like it unfortunately. kind of bulky to carry.
not worth to send back. just bought by mistake wrong model.
cleaning myself
perfect for the dessert bar. the right size !! they are thick and not cheesy looking !
cuticle trimmer is not sharp or  precise!
i ended up gifting this. however, the recipient was overjoyed.
great product, great seller
i have used at least 10 of these grabbers over the last 8 years that i have been wheelchair bound. they are remarkable in design but on this particular one the handle split on the 2nd day of use. it is not the norm an i will be asking for a replacement. i will update my comments then ..
did nothing for me, made me hungry after taking it.
second time ordering and they are fresh . not dried out or stale like others selling the same product.
do the job very nicely..great cushionhave purchased before
good price. like them
these can be a little difficult i am still trying to get them to stay on and fold right. even with cleaning my eye area very well they only stay struck on for about 6 minutes but its only the outer corners that keep lifting up.
absolutely horrible. these are like cheap thin mylar. disposable; one use only. they cannot be reused. they were so frustrating to wrap up much worse than real christmas presents. you have to assemble them. they lose air fast!
works great  and i think it is good for your gums too!
these ear plugs are on the large side. i ordered them, because the picture looked like they were similar to silicone ear plugs my cat stole from me. the design is pretty much the same, but the size is not. these barely fit into my ears, and do not go in far enough to block much sound. i still like them better than the foam ones those itch, but these are not for me.if your ear canals are not on the small side, i do recommend this type of plug. it is cleaner and more comfortable than foam, and you can wash it.
i heard so many great things about adding mushroom supplements to a daily vitamin routine so i gave it a go this brand has been working well and i can tell i am more focused at work.
i hate all the artificial colors and flavors in gatorade, so this is a great alternative. i followed the directions and mixed it with 8 oz of cold water and it was easy to dissolve and tasted like sugar water. would probably taste better mixed with a little juice to give it some flavor for a child. but overall seems like a great product for all members of the family.
easy to assemble and decent construction. these boxes will be perfect for holding party favors or small beauty products for a beautiful unboxing experience. i used some of these for an event and others for giving out graduation gifts and they all looked great no matter the occasion.
these containers are very similar to glad or ziploc products.  while they are reusable, they definitely feel like the kind of product that ends up being thrown away after a few uses.  if you want to decrease your plastic use or help the environment, glass bento type boxes are probably the way to go.  that said, these are very convenient.  they have two separate sections for food.  they seal well.  i did have some issues with the lids warping in the dishwasher.  overall, for the price, a decent product.if you found my review helpful, please click yes below.  thank you!
the cat was interested in this toy for maybe 510 minutes, then it was batted under the couch never to be seen again.the problem is that it shuts off almost immediately when stationary. it would be better to have a 1 minute cutoff, at least keeping the cats attention a bit longer.cat says, "meh".
construction quality, materials similar to most of the other lipo bags available.  purchase for part of the storage setup of some 3s lipos.  more or less just one added layer of protection against a lipo incident.  during charging continuous monitoring of the lipo internal temp, external temp, charging rateslevels, smell, sight... is more important than the bag in preventing an ugly situation.if you experience a real catastrophic lipo event this bag might give you enough time to grab whatever fire suppression device you have to deal with the situation. the bag is a bit like airbags and seatbelts in a vehicle.  hope you never have to rely on device.  but in the event a bad situation occurs, the bag may be the difference between a major or minor loss.  personally i would not store, charge or use  questionable lipos.  dispose properly and invest in a replacement.
was a little big and everyone laughed, but i could fit everything in this thing and it would sit on my back side so it did not get in the way for me.  the only reason why i had to give it up was because my instructor said, that if i wore this at clinicals i would spread germs from room to room without knowing it.  i guess it very well could have, however, my shoes do not spread germs?  my clothes?  i had to stop wearing it, but i save it for when i am done and a hospital let us me wear it.  i can even put my stethoscope in it!
the electric cord could be longer, but other than that, my boyfriend likes it. it heats up well, and relieves his neck and back pain. being able to button it up to keep it in place is definitely a plus.
i bought this and it came in perfect condition and right on time.this is a nice toy that is not to big and fun to use.  it is very comfortable to use and enhances your experience.  i was not disappointed with this at all.
these inserts will stick to sandals!  sandals need support for anyone.
i have been overall happy with this! not having to try to maneuver around a cord while using it has been very helpful and the battery last long enough for grooming jobs that can be done at home
these are gelatin based dimesized disks that are a baby's first introduction to popping sugary sweet snacks into their mouth.according to the package, your baby can safely have these when they crawl with tummy off the floor, pulls up to a standing position, uses jaw to mash foods, and uses fingers to self feed. because they quickly dissolve, they are probably one of the safest small foods.they are relatively wholesome, with milk products as the main ingredient, and a healthy dose of potassium. taste tested by me...yucky, taste tested by a 18 month old...yummy.the problem i have and it is a small one, this product is ok in my book is that they seem to encourage parents to get kids started as early as possible to have sweet snacking habits. i have a friend who thought it was fine to make her baby's first food like this a fast food french fry. this is a much better option.
this product is fanastic i love the flavor and the fast acting that happens after you chew them the taste is great not chalky at all
i purchased this to make bubbles with for my 2 year old son. the product did great and the bubbles were the strongest i have ever seen. so much better than buying watered down soap from the store.
easy to use and looks fantastic.  do not worry the scale works fine.  am super pleased with my purchase.  only very small drawback for me was that fingerprints show easily but are easily removed with a cloth.
this is the only powder i use in my dishwasher.  have tried others, but they do not clean as well.
i absolutely love this!!!! it works perfectly.
easy to assemble, easy to operate. gives a great infrared session directly where you need it. shipped promptly  good price. would purchase again.
beautiful stone!! but it did not really work for me. i think i am better off buying these in person i have had better luck
quality product.  good price
i saw and bought this product at vitamin shoppe because it had 5 atp, royal jelly and several other really good ingredients. i have taken nootropics by a very reputable company, but they changed their formula and it is not as good as it was before.i took one pill before lunch to see what type off effect it would have on me. it did not seem to have any kind of effect on me so i felt confident in taking the 2 tablets as prescribed before breakfast with 8oz of water. i did not notice any improvement on my focus, but i did not get my 4pm slump. instead i got a severe, debilitating headache. i made sure i was hydrating really well. by 6 and 7pm my muscles in my entire body began to ache especially around my mid back and i got ringing in my ears. i'be ringing in the ears usually means something with the kidneys.  i went to bed and continued to drink lots of water and tried to get some sea salt in me to keep my electrolytes in balance.the following day after 13 hours of sleep i usually get 5 i woke up without the headache and almost all of the pain in the back had subsided except between my shoulder blades. i felt very light headed so i made sure to continue to hydrate and eat well. had i felt the way i did i took the two tablets i would have gone to the hospital. i do not go to the hospitals. i was that sick from this.there is a lot of ingredients in this supplement. proceed with caution. the risks definitely outweighed any possible benefit. i am a super healthy person so i cannot imagine what might happen to someone who is not in as great of shape as i am.
love this product, full of protein and fiber and taste great..my daughter even loves it!  i add bananas, blueberries all kinds of fruitsand it fills me up as well.
screw and parts. they arrived in new condition. i carry one in my car, backpack, nightstand, etc. cheap and effective
this plastic bucket was just what i was looking for.  something i could fill up with warm to hot water and soak my feet in while i am sitting on the sofa watching tv at night.  my feet fit in it perfectly and i wear 9.5 mens.filled about 34 of the way with water, it can get heavy but the handle does not feel flimsy.  do not fill to the top or else water may splash out as you carry it.  the bottom has little massaging bumps  kind of like reflexology.if you are the type to balk at paying 1518 for a plastic bucket, this is not for you, i would recommend you get two rubbermaid buckets and use those instead.  sometimes you have to splurge and get the thing that best fits your needs and is designed for the purpose.this bucket does not keep the water hot or warm  it is just a plastic bucket but it should be enough for a good 1520 min soak if you start with water that is hot enough.
beautiful pendulum and received close to pictured
excellent !! best microfiber cloth for cleaning eyeglass lens leaving them without streaks!!
sorry, but this one is a bust. the plastic is too hard and not flexible enough. will not stay closed around my hair. cannot imagine it working for anyone.
good dealprice. does what it was designed to do, cannot really elaborate!
i did not expect so many herbsthe package came in very quickly aswell. happy buyer
did not seem to do anything for me.
i commend the seller, magickal night the shipping was quick, and arrived earlier than anticipated. likewise they very safely packaged the item, which is encouraging to purchase from them again!7 sisters of new orleans glory water is what it is, a mass manufactured spiritual product. 7 sisters of course is one of the 4 or 5 other brands that indiowisdom owns, which originally were small independent companies. therefore there is a caveat to their item, e.g. formulas got standardized between brands some things smell the same, but have different packaging. however, these specialty items are not as terrible as i have found, likely because if its a unique item, then there is not some cost effective equivalent to sell as a dupe. this may also be why wisdoms own website has listed glory water as out of stock for almost a year if not more.the sent of glory water is nice, somewhat sweet and colognelike. unfortunately the scent easily dissipates when its sprinkled or dabbed on anything.overall i am not dissatisfied, and is a nice addition to my spiritual supplies collection.
item has too much of a bend in it to be used ccomfortably
i wanted to try these brackets both to create more space for breathing while wearing a mask and also to prevent my makeup from getting on the mask.  unfortunately, i found these a little tricky to use.  they are kind of bulkyyou can see them poking out of the top of my mask, plus you can see the bumps and ridges under the mask, which looks a bit weird.  but despite their bulkiness, they were also a little small for my face shape, as they kept slipping off my nose.  and they did not make it easier to talk, as they moved even more with speaking.  i might use these for certain situations, but overall, i would not recommend them.
i got one of these for myself a few months ago because i read they can help with scalp itch. i do not have dandruff, but i do have dry scalp thanks winter and some irritation due to using dry shampoo. admittedly it felt weird to use at first, but after just the first use, my scalp was itching less after i added the use of an apple cider vinegar clarifying shampoo, the itchy scalp is gone. it has made a noticeable difference in terms of scalp itch and how clean my hair looks and feels. i was excited and told my husband about my triumph over itchy scalp and the next thing i know, he has started using my shampoo brush even though he made fun of me for using it in the first place! he has some dandruff but does not have the itchy scalp. i am not sure if it has helped him or not but he must enjoy using the brush because he keeps using mine. this is the exact reason i have now bought a second one. we both enjoy using it.
in the description, you get "easy to use it has two fixing clips on both sides, and you can hang the 3d bracket on the face cover to prevent sliding. then put on the face cover as usual." no, you cannot. further down you will see that they recommend either sewing it in place or using double sided tape. i was able to wear mine without any complications.
knocks out all my aches  pains
i have tried a view. this one tastes good and dissolves more easily than others. i have ordered again already. many thanks!
i like that it does not bother my digestive track!
resolve your rug cleaning problems. we purchased our own steam cleaner a few years ago and found this cleaner to beat all the rest....  anyone who has self cleaned their carpets knows  the products they use makes a big difference in how many times they have to go back and forth. this resolve concentrate 2x does the trick. cleans up spills and  leaves such a clean smell
i like the value of getting ten boxes at once. and you cannot go wrong with puffs!
they arrived well packaged and they are excellent value for the 10 pack
this makes my skin feel so nice and clean, also super soft afterwards! i love it  def worth it, and you are not going to find it cheaper anywhere else!
i bought this for my teenage daughter and she says it worked out very well for her hair. her hair is curly and wavy but the drying works really well and she is able to style her hair accordingly. there are three different measures of heat and she finds the medium and high features to work best for her. overall,  great purchase so far.
this is by far the best glue out there.  stays long and is waterproof.  great for someone like me who is active
my daughter is the one who really uses selfiesticks and anything that will help her make movies with her iphone.  she likes this selfiestick tripod a lot, and especially that it has a place to hold the remote.  the bluetooth connected easily to her phone, and she was soon taking pictures with her phone in it.  it does not go as high as her other iphone tripod, but it is very portable.  the tripod legs are kind of short and the stability is not real good, but it will do.  she will be using this for class projects where she has make movies or video tape home physics experiments.
great flavor. do have to worry a little about getting to the bathroom.
these are not individually wrapped. so i cannot use them as they are to give my dog medicine. when i get them from the vet they are individually wrapped.
slim, lightweight, pocket umbrella. it is size and weight make it easy to slip in a coat pocket or handbag. it is a regular umbrella, not particularly sturdy. when the wind gusts in new york city, the wind tunnels can be brutal and have ruinedinverted all but the sturdiest umbrellas. i still have to put this to the test, i suspect it will be similar to drugstore umbrellas.
fits well on my average sized female head.  i keep it in the freezer for use whenever i need.  i was almost scared to use it for fear it would be too tight but it is not too too tight and the compression feels good.i recently had an 18 hour migraine triggered by sleeping wrong on an old neck injury.  the type of pulsating headache that no amount of changing positions in the bed would relieve the pain.  light and sound were unbearable.  i cannot take any meds for my migraines so i use a variety of supplements, showers, ice, heat, etc to try and bring comfort. a nice tool in my migraine arsenal toolbox.  i rotate it out with other things and it helps take the edge off.  with this last "spell" this compression cap was just the ticket.  it allowed the pain to numb just a hair and i fell into a much needed mini nap.  that was the beginning of the end of the this particular migraine.no complaints or regrets.
better than the more expensive kind i was getting that were jammed in a box and hard to use. i do not need a industrial weight bag so there work great and for less money  delighted
really was excited to get this product due to the practically of it. then i received the product.pro very well made  qualitygreat designcons priceyvery heavylarge devicei rated this item three 3 stars for these reasons the weight of this product limited me to carry my medications on me, which was the whole reason i purchased it and secondary the price of the product.update  i have received a personal phone call from the owner. we talked about her product line and during the conversation she really showed me her commitment to customers and designing great products.when ordering just make sure you get the appropriate size that is going to meet your needs. also, if weight is going to be a  consideration than i would suggest ordering a device in titanium. i am awaiting a new titanium dual camber device. i will update after i compare the products side by side
these protect the placard from bending in the heat, etc.  a good clear way to protect the placard and easy to see and hang in the car.
my.club will not let me tan unless i have eyewear..i put these on my keychain with my.computer.pass and bingo. never without
i like shower poufs, have used them for decades now. it is rare to find black ones, my favorite color. these are reasonably soft. softer than some i have bought at the grocery store. they are very big and dense. almost, but not quite, too big to hold onto. i have nearly dropped one several times but always managed to maintain my grip. i would probably prefer these a bit smaller but since they are in my favorite color i will not complain too much. they hold a lot of soap and build lather well.
originally i was taking the one a day trunatal ginger gel capsules, and i was so disappointed that they were discontinued! i found these and i am happy to say they work just as well, if not better! give them a try if you suffer from morning sickness, or nausea for any other reason!
very satisfied with the scooter. i have problems with my feet and stress fractures. i bought the scooter so i would have it if i needed it and not have to rent one.
this is a great little toner. the spray has a fine little mist and works very well. i cleanses my face beautifully and feels very refreshing when i use it. after i use this my face feels nice and clean. i do like the smell of this and feel super refreshed every time i use this. i do like that this has witch hazel in the ingredient list which is a very calming ingredient. it also has other fantastic ingredients like chamomile and ginseng.this is a great find and am happy i found this toner.
this product is very quiet you do not know it is on. the price was right with the 30.00 coupon. it also has a 2 year warranty that you have to register before 30 days after purchase
i have no idea if this works or not so i do not know how to rate it.
this smells so good. i use it for shaving and its such a great value. it does not leave a residue like a lot of the lower end baby oils and its a pretty large bottle.
i am incredibly disappointed in this product. after 2 weeks of using this diffuser its already brokendoesn't work. i will add the water and essential oil and after 2 minutes of being on it turns itself off. i have tried plugging it into different outlets and selecting different settings and it still does not work.
i love the color! there is no smell which surprises me because most of the other natural nail polishes i have tried do have smell. the only thing i do not like is how fast it chips. it does not really stick to the nail. maybe if i get a great base coat it will stay better.
i love the sleek black color of this stretcher. there are no instructions in the package, but information is available here on the site. google "cervical traction" and you will find examples, exercises, and more information. as always, make sure you are in communication with your doctor or chiropractor to make sure you are on the right path.the last neck stretcher i used was plastic with foam around it, and naturally the foam disintegrated over time. i appreciate this stretcher which seems to be a very dense foam. the sides seem to push on my occipital bones to encourage a stretch. i make sure that the base is right against my shoulders so those little points are in place. i only use for 1015 minutes at a time, usually at the end of the day. this helps me regain curvature in my neck to compensate for my desk job. i love this particular model, and enjoy using it to relieve neck tension after work. recommended!
my acupuncturist used this oil and i have continued to use it..great product
i got this because it says that it is flavored, portable, and figured it would be good to add into my water bottle during hot  yoga. it tastes gross and you need a comedic amount of drops if you have a large water bottle.  it is not that i am not used to the taste of stevia, it just has a bad berry flavor. the bottle also is not portable, it is pretty big. probably because you need so many drops to make it work. if it leaks then you have got another mess on your hands.stick with nuun tablets. they taste a lot better, one does the job, and they are in a portable container that cannot spill.this is bitter and i would use it if i were sick or something, but it is really a slight degree away from pedialyte.
nice size! picks up dus like a pro. comes with extra refill.
sealed my granite! put on two coats and still have a lot left over. i would recommend!
i like plastic frames but they slide off my nose when i am working and looking downward. i thought i was going to have to get the side pieces extended, but i saw this and it works perfectly.  although they seem a little flimsy, you get ten pieces. works like a charm, perfectly comfortable.
this replacement brush is just like the real clarisonic brushes. i was pleasantly surprised how well they worked and also the price..cannot be beat.you will not be disappointed.
great replacements. convenient order from amazon with great price.
we need alcohol pads and these where a great price for the same item that we had purchased before in smaller volume.  fast delivery
i had at once gavin this a 3 star, now i am giving it a one star, all of my pastries stick to this paper. i just made french macaroons and they stuck so bad they tore apart, what a waste of time and expense. i bake all the time, now i have to go back and search for the sheets i purchased over a year ago, they worked wonderful, no sticking at all. these sheets even look and feel different, then the other brand. no i do not recommend
nice and comforting.
the advertisement says five pack per box i received a ziploc bag sealed with for only four i tried it on their comfortable there nice nice color but there is not side there is four
this thing is amazing. you can use it dry or in the tub with water. it is gentle but does a wonderful job of smoothing heels.
helps along with other powdered supplements
this product is amazing!  i have tried many, many creams, lotions, special socks, microplaners, and anything else that advertises they can get rid of your cracked heels.  nothing has worked. even at the nail salon i have never left satisfied with how my heels felt. i had resigned myself to the fact i was never going to have smooth feet again.  but this thing works!  i read reviews where people said it stops if you push down on it, well there is a reason for that. if you push too hard you can hurt yourself. it is a safety mechanism that makes sense. just be patient and it will work.  i have used it three times since christmas, even though my heels were still pretty smooth, i just like the way it feels.  if you have rough feet, you will be amazed at the snow shower you create using this.  put down a towel or something to catch all the lovely dead skin that comes showering down.  buy this!  you will love it.
makes my glasses cleaner than other products i have used. small bottles make it easy to take in purse or keep in desk.
these are nice little travel packs to bring along in a pinch when you are out of smaller tooth paste and mouth wash, plus a small size of spritz breath spray. these packs are very small and easy to store and bring along. these work pretty well. i am not a huge fan of the breath spray, but that is just because i do not generally use them so i wish they would have included more mouth wash and tooth paste since those i use a lot more.
i have bought this product 3 times. i was perfectly satisfied with the first two orders, but the most recent september, 2022 is clearly different. the floss is thinner and shreds easily. it slips from my finger even when wrapped around five times. in a word, the floss is useless.
great fit, great feel !!!
good value for your money! i have reactions to some contact solution but this works well for me. i use optifree as well.
had  for awhile now and it  has not fallen apart, so all is well
i love this bracelet perfect fit for ladies with small wrists. i were it all the time even in water, and has not tarnished..
this thing has got some power!  it does a nice job gently removing callous.  i was even able to carefully remove a callous between my toes that has caused me pain for a long time.  pain is gone!  i recommend it.  it is been worth every penny to me so far.
it works really well! totally eliminated the dogs odor. he has his own gated area of the back of our kitchen that always smells. not when this is plugged in! and we have a large open kitchen. just make sure its near the source.
i have the galaxyd color option, which includes 2 adult size masks and 4 pm2.5 filters. the galaxyd color is a blue, green, and teal nebula.the masks have adjustable ear loops but no bendy nose pieces. however, the cut of the masks does keep them in place over my nose without the need for the nose wire. the masks also go under my chin.they pass the candle test. the masks have three layers of fabric even without a filter in place the outer layer with the nebula print, a white lining, and the filter pocket. the filter pocket is open on both sides.at the longest point, the masks are about 1010.5 inches. the widest point, from nose to chin, is about 55.5 inches. i took these measurements after washing the masks in warm water and line drying.the masks are quite large on my face. i usually wear smaller masks. the sides on these go nearly to my ears, and i have the ear loops adjusted to be as small as they can go.the masks are made in china.
product is was described
these are hard to find in a store. exactly what i was looking for. thicker, longer and higher quality.
cheaper than the tool truck, and same great fit
this hot water bottle has thicker walls than most i have owned which is really nice. the texture of one side actually helps keep you from getting too hot and adding the hot water bottle sweater helps even more. if you want moist heat, just add a damp washcloth between the hot water bottle and its sweater. just remember to empty it after use and do not microwave it.
i cannot find better words to describe how glad i am to have discovered this product than to say  it saved my dog's life. hallelujah!!
works well with the phillips electric toothbrush.
these worked very good. we were having issues with safety glasses fogging up while wearing our covid masks. these lasted a long time and worked great.
great straws. just as described and i feel good about not buying plastic ones anymore. especially after watching those sad sealife videos online of plastic in the ocean. they are stylish too!
much to my shock and, thanks to my sister for championing this product and delighted surprise, this is the first protein shake that i can actually say i truly like and enjoy drinking.  i admit i do use milk in the mix but i did not even try water and it is a pleasure to drink, a fivestar yum!
updateitem did not make the 2 month anniversary.  for this reason i have updated the rating.this water pik for teeth is what i wanted.  with 3 speeds it meets my every expectation.  my gums are benefiting from the pulsating action.  it keeps the extraction area clean low setting, where the brush seems to miss.
purchased this product a second time,does work and open skin pores
i am wearing masks everywhere i go. i have been searching for the holy grail of masks. i have used the pieces inside the mask that are supposed to make it more comfortable and cooler does not work.  i have tried the k95 masks even one that gives you a daffy duck look and other k95 that are more comfortable. i have used home made, cloth masks and none keep me from fogging up my glasses or allow me some coolness when i talk. i think i am claustrophobic.
this stuff works great for tough stains on baby, kids and adults clothes! it removes everything! baby food, formula, spit up stains, even old spit up stains even with little scrubbing and even stains from blow out diapers!! i will never use another stain remover again, just this one!
i am not all that happy with liquid detergents and when i first found a detergent "strip" that i could tear off of a set of four and throw in my washing machine, i was hoping for a good result.  and they work great!  i saw this one and figured i would try a different brand and these work great as well!  i love that they are small and nonmessy, easily stored and if i was going rving and needed to wash clothes, these are easier to take into a laundromat  do not even have to take the box.  just grab one or two depending on how many clothes you need to wash in 1 or 2 machines  so much easier than dragging around a bottle of liquid detergent or paying an exorbitant amount of money for one of those tiny ones at the laundromat.  maybe these are not for everybody, but for me, they work great to clean my clothes and are much easier to store and use.
i really enjoy dripdrop when needed.  i cannot locate this product in my area so i order from drip drop through amazon.  it is purpose is to hydrate and  i think it works well.
i have to have a bandage that does not stick to the wound.
this sponge does not work. i scrubbed and scrubbed but nothing came out from my skin. i just saw my skin was red from scrubbing so hard. do not buy this item. i tossed them in the trash. what a waste!
good size but a bit pricey for a sponge.  ok if it holds up as my former one did.
was good product east to install stick and twist, even i could do it with arthritis in my hands. it mad reach for handheld a joy,
great earplugs at a great price! i use these for shooting and they do great. i have shot all calibers including .50bmg and have not had an issue. i also love the cord because i can take one or both out and it does not get lost, it just hangs down or around your neck. if you value your hearing and work around loud machinery or shoot often, these are great earplugs to use.
they fit nicely! some of the oral tips you have to fight to get them in not with this one!
not what i expected beard to pump up. i am returning it
i use this to brushclean my cat's teeth and they work better than i expected, i can use the same sponge 5 to 7 times without having it break, considering how sharp cat's teeth are, my cat does not resist, so is an easy process, i do not need to maneuver the sponge in a forceful way at all, when it breaks, just cracks, so far i have not had a sponge breaking into pieces, i use it moist with the teeth cleaning spray they sell for pets, i have never used it dry.
not sure why people say these are too small.  they are the exact right size for me.  i have bought these glasses a couple of times over the past decade and they have held up well.  the lens are distortionfree ang the frames are attractive and strong.  exactly what i needed.
not for tender skin but it is the best joint pain reliever!
exactly like the kind i buy in the store for a fraction of the cost. they are also easy to cut down to size to fit different sized soles or heels.
i bought this product to try removing the soft peach fuzz on my face.  i have previously used a disposable razor and microblading tools and was looking for something that was more effective and efficient.i tried both the razor function and the epilator function.  the directions contained in the box were clear and easy to understand.  i appreciated that it came with paper instructions instead of many items now that do not and require you to watch a video online.  the paper instructions were much easier to take in my bathroom as i tried for the first time instead of my laptop and a video.i tried both functions on my arm first. the high speed of the epilator was a bit uncomfortable.  tried on my face.  tried the razor first.  then changed to the epilator. i first tried on low and then on high.  mistake!  the machine literally caught my skin in it when on high speed.  it cut the surface of the skin and left a mark like a cat scratched my face...see photo!  that was it.....i was done. no more!there are 2 detachable pieces to switch between depending upon whether you want to use razor or epilator mode.  they easily come off.  it is clearobvious how to align each piece and attach.couple of notesonoff button is "stiff' to use.  it does not "glide" onoff.  not a problem.  merely fyi.comes with batteries.  that was a plus, because it saved me a few more .the device is a bit "loud" in my opinion.  you could not discreetly use this product.was difficult to use in the jaw line which is the area i most wanted to use it on.i will not be using this device again!  i will go back to using my inexpensive micro blading tools!
it is so quiet you almost forget it on. i have 3 cats and a dog... so i am sure the house can smell like pets, i walk into the room and it is just so fresh.
cane is very stable and strong. it is worth the price.
definitely one of the best natural sunscreens out there! and i have tried many! it rubs in well of course it has a different texture than chemical sunscreen without leaving a white film, smells great and works awesome! we just gave it the real test in the florida sun and water! no sunburn
this does just what it claims to do.  love it.
i just moved back to an area where i am close to an old and very dear friend that i kept in touch with for all the years i lived far away, so now that i am near, i wanted to give her something that she would enjoy and i know how much she enjoys a long, leisurely bath  a nobrainer to get bath bombs then!  this is a beautiful set that i know she will be happy to receive and thrilled to use once she can lock the bathroom door kids...they always want to bother mom when she is trying to get a little me time! and relax for a time.  i love these  for her and others  but i cannot take baths any longer as i have health issues that make it difficult for me to get out of the bathtub from that position.  i do not envy those who can take a bath  i know my friend will enjoy the bath bombs just as i would if i could!
it is good in theory, but hanging the arms is kind of inconvenient, and the rotating shiatsu balls hurt in certain positions, especially when they hit my spine. it hurt enough that i returned it.
easy to use, smells great and it is all natural!  i love, love method products!
i have had it for just about 2 days thank you for getting it to me days before the initial delivery date i like everything about this chair so far, save for 2 items. the beeping every time you press a button. honestly, it is obnoxious and i am on the hunt to disable it. the turning radius is much larger than i am used to given i had an invacare tdx si, this is just an adjustment i have to make to the chair, so my mild frustration to it is on me.the chair is comfortable, it is quiet, and i like the little storage bag way more than i expected to after years of just filling my lap. getting it ready to use was very simple as well.50lbs sounds lighter than it weighs. lol. it will be easier to go mobile than my old chair which was around 200lbs but it is not as mobile as i thought it might be. we will see how it goes.bottom line is i am happy with my purchase, had to come out of pocket for this because my old chair just decided nope not working anymore so i needed a replacement quickly.
i bought these for a pair of dressy shoes.  i usually wear the smart,  but old looking orthopedic shoes, but these were too darn cute to pass up.  i really needed some more support, but i honestly did not expect a lot from these.  even though they look simple, they actually help a lot.  they are very easy to use.  simply stick them wherever you need them on the sole of the shoe with the preapplied adhesive.  the set includes 3 different colors,  but i really like the clear ones.  you can barely even see them.
save your money and buy a roll of bounty paper towels.
it was a nice tray  smaller than i expected but my walker has  rubber grips and the tray did not fit over it   now what do i do ?  buy a new walker ?  i do not know what to do to be honest  i am assuming all trays will have the same issue due to those grips  companies should realize walkers come with grips and make the trays fit either or somehow
use it daily! no issues and it is been over a month.
been using for several years,  always does the job
i love tangy tangerine. it has all the vitamins you will need. good product.
i am glad this is organic because this powder is often used in traditional chinese medicine. given how polluted china is, i would distrust anything imported from that country but this one is certified usda organic, which gives me some peace of mind. you add a scoop to yogurt, smoothies, etc., and it is supposed to boost your immune system and improve chronic conditions like diabetes and hypertension. i do not like the taste but you are taking it for its medicinal properties. overall it is good quality and best for those suffering from chronic conditions.
this is an upgrade from the cheap thin foamfabric shoe insoles. it has a nice arch support and adhesive to keep insole in place. the leather top also adds a premium feel.  i have 3 issues with this product. 1 its only a 23 to 34 long insole so your toes will not have any cushioning. 2 lining up the insole to my low boots was not easy since the insole is a bit narrower than the boots. i had to try several times before finding the best placement. it would have been easier with flats with their more open footbed. 3 the insole cushioning is limited due to the relatively thin insole. .
the pros 1 it has 15 different strains of good bacteria. this is the most outstanding feature of this probiotic blend. it is the case of more is better. diversity of the gut flora means the healthier the digestive tract. 2 it is delayed release.  this ensures that the good bacterium gets into your lower intestines rather than being destroyed by your stomach acids. 3 per serving, it has 30 billion cfu of probiotic organisms. again, more is better. 4 i have experienced no adverse reactions to the product. 5 my overall digestion has improved resulting in good bowel movements and no constipation. the con 1 it contains milk so if you have a diary allergy or intolerance, you should not take this product.in conclusion, premiva ultra probiotic is a good solid product that would likely improve your digestion as well as boost your immunity. disclaimer  i was fortunate to receive this complementary probiotic in return for my fair and honest evaluation. i am under no obligation to give a favorable review. i write these reviews in the hope that they will help other consumers like me to make the best purchasing decisions for their money. as an avid researcher, i have save myself time, money and aggravation by reading other customer reviews and i am grateful to have their input available to me.
holy sand paper! i will not be using these on my baby's perfectly soft tush. these things feel like they could take the skin right off.
adheres and stays put
smells woodsy, like pencil shavings. seriously! i use it twice a day for a week and heel cracks are healing. nice thick consistency without being gooey, nice applicator, does not stain clothes. wash right out.
i should have replaced the blades years ago! they work excellent! i even mowed some of those long gray wild chest hairs, and outside of needing to clean out the shaver head repeatedly, it worked. changing the cutters is easier than it looks, do not start prying on the little tabs! just push the cutters down one at a time and slip out. what a deal.
this ddgro back brace is made sturdy.it feels like there is 3 medal type of thin bars in the back, that are comfortable.i felt good wearing this , actually for my bad posture.my husband wears this when his back is sore, or doing some gardening, and lifting things.my husband wears jeans that are size 32 waist,  and i wear a size 8 or 10, this brace is a large, and a medium would have been to tight for us.hope this helps.
love love love this mask!  all my previous sleep masks have had the classic velcro band that goes around your head. well, i just must have some abnormally large head because after about a month the band would stretch out. so, i would tighten it and it would stretch again. eventually i would get to the last small piece of velcro that could still hold on. however this created another problem. the rest of the velcro would then get tangled in my hair. not with this mask! someone finally had the great idea to use adjustable ear loops instead! i am so happy!  this mask also has a smooth silky cool side, and a warm side. the only think i would change would be to  raise the material where the eyes are. i do not like having the material press down on my eyes. however, i will deal with it because the good outweigh that small inconvenience. love it!
love the idea of compostable garbage bags! i ordered these for our home for general use, mostly in our kitchen garbage. unfortunately these are useless because they have a defective thinning line going through middle that makes them tear even if something very light is inside of them. otherwise could be a good bag, but this specific batch of garbage bags i received are garbage!!
they serve the purpose. my 85 year old mother in law could not unzip them. honestly snack bags ftom the grocery store are just as good and cheaper.
brilliant idea, works perfectly. the stickers on two of the boxes were incorrect. customer service offered a new set, fantastic service. a must buy for tablet takers everywhere.
definitely recommend  !  absolutely a must have for sore muscles.
i am giving this product three stars, primarily due to the fact it is a knee scooter. and the pad where you put your knee is not very much padding at all in fact it is a willful attempted being a good pad and the covering that covers that is even worse. with very little use my wife having had foot surgery, the pad felt inadequate to begin and degrades very rapidly, and the fake leather whatever the covering is on it is made of is like starting to crack and maybe as durable as a wet paper towel maybe.that is the bad stuff now the good stuff is in terms of mobility and functionality this thing offers quick release adjustment on the handlebars which is far far superior to most of the other brands which you have to take the pin all the way out unscrew it all the way take it all the way out adjust the handlebars and then you have to store it somewhere not very mobile in my opinion so this one's light years ahead of all of those.  overall i have to say compared to what else is on the market this thing is a pretty good value for the money but it still leaves a lot to be desired. having said that it is the one that we finally purchased. similar to how we vote in the united states, sadly we had to choose between the better piece of garbage.
it does not do diddly squat. the rasp is great  it has a coarse grind and a fine grind and it will do the job instead. the nail brush is like any other. it cleans your nails easily.
still too big to swallow ! i would rather take two small pills than gag on one . why cannot anyone come up with a fish pill us humans do not have to risk choking to death to swallow ??
i bought these because the bristles were charcoal and the rest of the toothbrush is bamboo.  i liked that there was no plastic.  the feel of the toothbrush is different, but it works so well.  my teeth felt cleaner!  i loved it so much i bought another pack!
before i had my daughter i went out on a limb and bought this as an in case for diaper blow outs and spit up stains. i could not be happier. it works really well! i have found that sometimes i need to spray and soak for an hour or so and then do it again if needed. if it does not come out after the first wash i end up filling my sink with hot hot water and dumping a little bit into the sink and letting it soak over night if its a really bad stain and it comes right out after that next wash! my daughter just started solids which is a completely different stain than spit up and diaper blow outs but this stain remover works just as well!
all around nice product good amount for the price i use in in skincare so i cannot comment on taste i will buy this again.
it gets hotwarm. provides temporary soothing
perfect box for oils. they fit perfectly.
this is a great shaver!  it gives me the closest shave i have ever had.  i am able to shave my head in the shower and it does a fantastic job! it is very easy to clean too although the first time it was a bit difficult to open up the heads.  the instructions could be better and the pictures are a bit small.note  to remove middle head, turn counterclockwise just about 18" and then pull straight out
easy to  use
works well. we have a european dishwasher that requires power. not as good as the high end powder.
i have had contacts for 20 years and always took good care of them at annual visits the doctor would always comment that he could not believe my 2 week soft contacts were over 4 weeks old they were so clean and looked great under the scope. so when my new doctor recommended this due to my eyes battling dry eye and irritation from long dustydirty work days i figured i would try it but was not expecting much.i am a vet and my eyes are bombarded with hair, fuzz, dust, nail dust from the dremel, and all kinds of things and my contacts are in from 6 am to after 10 at night. most days i have to take out and rinse one at least once. some days they just feel like something is stuck on them alllllll day.  this treatment does seem to freshen them a bit, nothing miraculous since i keep mine very clean but i use it weekly or as a last resort if one contact is really bugging me to see if it is salvageable or ready to toss. the peroxide is strong if you have a cut, rash, ezcema, or something and you get some on your hand it will burn. i rinse like crazy before i put them back in my eyes. this one expires in under a year so i do not know if i will use it up with mostly weekly uses.
my husband was tired of using tennis balls for his walker so he decided to try this option.  the socks that go vet them for inside use ripped almost immediately.  without the socks, they scraped my wood floors.  we ended up throwing them away.
horrible...left my hair too puffy.
i use this product for gut health.
these gummies are not soft at all.  they are hard and stick to the teeth.  the flavor is good and the fiber is good, but just much to hard.
i am an older man. i have tried many types of socks. these are the very best i have ever used!! they are just the perfect fit. nice and wide. nice and tall! perfect amount of springiness. i had a tiny concern and their customer service is most wonderful in how they treated me. they are a family owned business that has the customer's satisfaction at the top of their priority list.  these socks are worth every penny. can you tell that i am a happy camper? i had to add some additional information that might help others. people that suffer from peripheral neurophy  know that some days you just do not want to or need to wear the heavy duty support stockings. these naturally are not designed to be support stockings,  however i find that they are absolutely amazing for light support they come upo to almost the knee.  they have  just the right amount of elastic to keep them up. all and all the best socks i have ever owned.
truly speaking; this is my favorite scent of all.  thank you glade, this scent is amazingly refreshing in my flat.  highly recommend
so i found this product not to be that great, my hair got tangled in it many times and also it did not heat well enough to make nice curls, even after it was charged, so i return it
bottles broke within a couple of months
i purchased these for my boyfriend and i to put date ideas on, you could use for a variety of couple or best friend gifts. they include the paper already inside each pill! perfect gift idea!
like this brand a lot and am happy i found it. going to reorder again and keep taking this .
love these bags
need to make left side cradle larger to accept phones with protectors
longer strip works wonderfully on my mcl injury. stays in place much better than most lidocaine patches
awesome for my homemade deodorant, easy to push up and convenient.
i have had moringa tea before.its been in the leaf form and in a sachet with an herbal tea.it tasted great and i wanted to reproduce at home.this moring  as its listed  is in a powder form. its a very fine powder.i was hoping to be able to add it to my tea and just stir it in.i was able to get some moringa powder to dissolve into my tea  but not all.this powder is fresh and adds an earthy taste when used.the bag has 100gms. its recommended to use 5gms a day.  i figured out that there is about 5gms in 1 tsp. i wish this contained a scoop in the bag so i would not have needed to figure it out on my own.this moringa powder would taste good and mix well in a smoothie. i think it would taste  good especially in a green smoothie  the moringa would compliment the taste of spinach andor kale.i received this powder 122019, it was manufactured 102019 and it does not expire until 092021.be careful when closing the resealable bag  the powder is very thin and can get in the zip closure making it difficult to make a full seal.
a great concept  used these on a trip to singapore tsa compliant. i found i had to use more than one sheet  a single sheet did not seem to create any cleaning atoms in the sink. once i got 23 sheets per sink, i was satisfied with the result.
i bought this as a gift for my mom, it was at the very least a bit of a pain to put together and cheaply made.  it required electrical tape and a good bit of cursing!  is now working ok.  the grill is cheap plastic.  it is bright and helps an elderly woman to read better.
i had a very expensive dental guard made by my dentist, it was extremely uncomfortable, and would end up taking it out after just a hour or so. i looked for alternatives on my own that would not cost me hundreds of dollars. i came across this guard and i could not be happier! now i do not grind my teeth at night.
fine lotion for dry skin  works very well on all parts of our bodies.
seems to be well made and fits as expected, my daughter is very happy with it!
it should have had the flat back but everything else was great
the best, safest way to kill weeds.  mixed with a cup of salt and some dish soap, a very fast acting way to get rid of weeds. does not affect the soil negatively. now i keep a couple of gallons on hand. weeds ate always popping up.
the only problem i have is with the top, and the fact it does not have a specific tip for pouring it.
these chill very fast and are comfortable
love this product!!! it really works!  and tastes delicious!!
this thing is hugei was not expecting that. it will hold like 10 pills. i only have three so it is much more than i wanted.
very useful tool, soft and easy to use.  very easy to clean.
i often like to accentuate colognes with essential oils and this is a perfect essential oil blend for the summer.i have found this blends perfectly with spice bomb as it has citrus notes already.the applicator makes putting the appropriate amount of this oil on easy.  i just add a bit to my wrists and neck prior to spraying my cologne.i have really enjoyed this essential oil blend and definitely recommend it.thanks for reading my review.  i enjoy writing them as i value reading others reviews when i am making a buying decision.  i regularly update my reviews to reflect any changes i may discover and to include helpful tips you may need if you purchase the product.  i will always make every effort to answer any questions i can as it is my pleasure to help.
love it i organize the whole month bought 6 of them..
i immediately put these in a small crock pot and got them really hot, too hot at first. they hold heat really well, long after you are ready to move on. i dripped some essential oils on them and i think they absorbed them. these are about the size of your whole palm. one of my kids dropped one and it did not break. thank goodness.
does not really hold well compared to other mattifier creams.at least for men who does not apply makeup over it.
i used these before i gave birth to collect colostrum and take with to the hospital. they worked great and did fine holding up in the freezer. you can really put a date on them, though, so that part was a little frustrating. tape did not stick and you cannot write on them.
we love this detergent! its perfect for our babies sensitive skin and leaves little to no scent. i love that i am able to order it and have it delivered to the front door so i do not have to leave the house. it came with some tape on the top so there was no spill!
nice sturdy brush, bristles are are not too soft, just right. bought to replace another i ordered that was much too soft. it could be just a tad longer, but it does reach all of my back, so does the job.
i have been taking fish oils for years now on and off, and i consistently come back to this trusted brand. i have bought other brands but for the quantity value, and the packaging glass bottle, i stay with carlsons. for me, fish oil is not a pleasant taste, but this brand has disguised as much as possible  with a lemon flavor, which makes it easier. i think this is my brand for life.
feels more like a rag than paper towel. i also love the designs!
we live on a mint farm in the forest with lots of bugs, and a pool.  so, this has been a real hit for my grandchildren and me!  i also bought some for my grand kids to use at home.  we live in the south near the water and beaches. mosquitoes and gnats are our 34;state bird34; and we live in the sun so this is a hit.
misleading! natural armor essential oils do not have organic certification. simply saying they are organic does not make it so. the company response to my query was, "if you do not feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
i have used amino derm for a long time. it dries to a tight finish that makes my skin look very smooth and clear. it does seem to break down oiliness and help reduce breakouts. i like the herbal smell, but some people might find it unpleasant. this is a great product if you want natural, organic skin care for your oily complexion.
works just as described and as a little side effect, sometimes young people teens say it emits a very high pitched whistle which we old people cannot hear. i tested by turning it off and on and asking them when they heard the noise. maybe a dog whistle, a lighter and a bottle opener?
i have never used this type of mouthwash but am attracted to the concept and simple ingredients. i took a gulp of water, then took two droppers, then swished. it tastes fresh and minty without the burn. seems effective for eliminating bacteria and odor. per volume of prepared product, i think this concentrate is a good value, maybe a slight premium for a higher quality product.
nice quality oil with a good scent to it.  and it is clean.  will definitely purchase again.
i had wls in 2013 and i absolutely have struggled so much getting enough of what i need. it is very difficult to manage. usually i have to take a lot of vitamins to get all of what i should have and cannot get as easily from food. this ultimately makes me nauseous. these are awesome. i only have to take one vitamin to get all of what i need aside from iron which is absolutely wonderful compared to what i was having to do. not sure how i lived so long without these. total game changer. these still can make me nauseous if i do not have them with food but that is likely due to just not having as big of a stomach so it is really not a big issue. if you have had wls please grab these and do not try and manage the vitamins on your own, it is so much trouble when you could just take something literally made for your needs.
yookat medical arm sling this arm sling looked good in the photo, so i ordered it. it is evident it is made overseas, and the instructions for use were difficult to understand. after figuring out how to put it on, i realized it is made to immobilize your arm. and i mean totally immobilized. others may find this sling comfortable, but i did not. it was painful to wear, so i had to return it. i ended up purchasing a standard arm sling at a big box store near me. this was one of those purchases where i needed the convenience of a local store to be able to try on a sling in person and trade it in if it did not fit, without having to mail anything. i found a standard sling that worked find for 15 at a local store. amazon is still amazing, but some things are best purchased locally, depending on your immediate need.
in my personal experience, the product is pretty great! it works best when used along with the many other product natural products inc offers see my review on their  glycolic facial cleanser here honestassortedreviews.tumblr.compost147373883057glycolicfacialcleanserreviewthe toner does as it says and works much like expected. i have no beef with this product; overall, great quality, comes in great quantity, awesome packaging, superb overall.disclaimer free for review.dear seller,amazon's system is glitching and so i have not been able to upload this review on the proper page. i will move this review there as soon as amazon gets it is act together but for now, it has been added to my review on your other product found herehttpswww.amazon.comreviewrxj8wviyp1wvrefcm_cr_rdp_permi'm very sorry for this whole mess, i am sure it will be resolved soon. as soon as it is, i will more the review to its proper place.the following review is for the dual phase mattifying tonermy personal experienceive been reviewing insta naturals for a while noweverything from their cleansers to their tonersand i have come to really appreciate one thing about this business; there are never really any unnecessary additives to their products and, generally, their stuffs made up of ingredients that are already known to have healing and soothing properties.the water feels just so, like water. however, with lavander, cucumber, sage, and calendula extracts, it also has a soothing feel and you just know its great for the skin.major tip try to not apply the product to open cuts, pores, or scars on the face. it does have a mildvery mildsting, but that may bother some more than others.disclaimer free for review.
this item is absolutely waste of money, save your money and instal an actual ceramic coating. it is advertised to repel water  but only clean water, not rain water with dirt, puddle of water on the road, or snow.i purchased total of 4 bottles in the span of 6months hoping that the layer of ceramic will get eventually thicken but on the 5th time i am going to purchase this i realized that this does not dot make any difference as if you did not applied it.i always have to spray wash my car after it rains other wise all the mud and dirt that came with rain water will stick in your car, and even when you spray wash your car with clean water, if you do not wipe it dry it leaves horrible looking water marks on the car, and if you applied it but you did not rinse off the dirt caused by rain then your car gets exposed to the sun; it causes all the dirt to stick to your car paint makes it even harder to wash your car.so just an advice from someone who wasted a lot of money and time for this product, just save your money and invest in an installation an actual ceramic coating on your car. do not waste your money and time with this fake spray stuff that does not do anything, it is all an illusion.otherwise feel free to try it and agree to everything i said about this product
i only wish the doors would spring all the way open, but i like that they rest open unlike many other pill boxes.  it seems sturdy at day 1!
this sound machine comes with a total of 36 sounds i.e. 6 each of fan, white noise, nature, ocean, tones like rain and thunderstorm, and hypnotic sounds. this is not battery operated. it is packaged with a usb cable, the unit itself, and a regular instruction pamphlet.operation is simple as per my video. all the controls, except for the timer slider and light, are in the front of the unit. i have to "hold press" the on  off button in the front to turn it on and do the same to turn it off.there are 6 operational buttons  on the front. from left to right, the down arrow moves to the next sound mode, the broken circle cycles through the sound in the current sound mode. the onoff button is in the center and then the minus decrease and plus increase buttons control the volume.a tap on the top of the unit turns on the nightlight. there are three  states of light on, light absorption breathing light, and light off. if i "press hold" it will change the brightness. despite what i said in my video, i discovered that if i lightly press the onoff button while the sounds are playing, it will suspend the current sound and i will be able to operate this as a nightlight only without the sounds. i did not think i could do that.the timer slider in the back has only a 30 or 60 minute option or continuous running mode. there is also a headphone jack on the back to the right of the port of the usb cable.in summary, the sounds on this unit are crisp and clear. it has a larger selection than many units on the market. the nightlight is a nice touch but i wish they had colored lights and i wish this was battery operated. no ac adapter is included for the usb cable but most people will have one in their house.  the current price of 27.99 is competitively priced for this. know that there will never be more than 36 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played. i am partial to the sounds of nature myself.
i do not like that it is stated as a massager and it is not.  misleadingi do like the red light therapy with the heat that this device has.  i know red light therapy is great to help with circulation.  have been using red light therapy for a few years now.  so, i like having a device specifically for my neck area.does heat up nice and it is soothing.but, if you are looking for a massager, this is not it.
so far i really like it.  the seller sent an email on what to do when the brush arrives and how to care for the brush.  so far no hair has fallen out.  i really like it.  only problem is that the brush is just a little thick to easily use it with the perfecto  brush standit has been a bit over a week now, and i love the brush.  it is way better than the cheap ones i have had before
i thought the 34;adjustability34; of this shoe horn would be good.  and it might have been... except for the spring just above the horn.  it makes the shoe horn completely unusable as it bends at the spring!  so... your foot will not slide into the shoe!  if you need a little extra length because bending over is an issue, definately go for the solid, long handle.  i just pitched this one and purchased a solid long handle shoe horn.  works like a dream.  for the life of me i cannot imagine how anyone thought this one would work.  garbage.
this is like a rollon perfume, only it is infused with essential oils instead. i love the scent of freshly squeezed orange juice, so i adore this scent. it smells fruity but the predominant scent is orange. it feels great putting some of this on after a nice refreshing shower. on the downside, if you use too much you do feel a slight greasy residue on your skin, so i would use it sparingly, like a perfume. but overall i like it.
this is far better than drinking the teas.  i do not enjoy tea, or the taste.  so this is a great addition to my detox days.  just pop a pill and i can instantly feel like i am more focused and less bloated.  i do not get the sudden urges to use the bathroom, i am eased into going.  my skin is clear, my stomach is less bloated, and i have more stamina.
i have been enjoying this little sonic face cleansing gadget. i have not any prior experience to these facial cleansing brushes always seemed to be spinning style, and i did not not want that style but i pretty much knew what to expect, and understand how it works. the soft silicone surface is the cleaning brush area, and it is static. vibration behind it gives action to the silicone bristles and it gently provides cleansing power. there are multiple vibration options with a short press of a button long press to hold on. auto memory features remembers your last setting.as with any skin cleansing brush, if you have a face full of make up plan to remove it with a cloth first the idea being that bristles and massage could work it down into pores? your  experience, school of thought may vary.there is no need to press hard against skin, just let it glide. i use small gentle circles over a wet face slathered in skin cleanser. i do not wear much in make up but i always wear sunscreen and other layers of skin care. i often double cleanse because of this. usually an oily balm followed by a cream cleanser i have dry skin. for this, i have been skipping the first cleanse with an oil balm and just using the cream cleanser figured for testing purposes to keep it the same for several uses.and no, it does not create lather, bubbles.. it is not a circulating brush. stationary silicone brush with vibration behind it. but it cleans! i thought, well is it just a hand held soft scrubber? how could it be better than a wash cloth? it is so much better than a wash cloth. and so much more gentle. and more hygienic.maybe other kinds are better, but i can only tell you my experience and thoughts on this "avjone sonic facial cleansing brush" and is a budget friendly option too.maybe it will vary among users, but my skin felt and looked clean. not only that, but i have been really enjoying the experience of using it. my night time skin care routine in particular is a sacred time. i aim to enjoy it rather than see it as a chore. so i enjoy using more pamper worthy products, tools, hair bands, etc. me time. and, this has added to my experience. it is.. relaxing. the whether i use the vibration at lowest setting, or highest, it has a calming sensation. i use it on face, neck, and chest.  the recommended time for cleaning is 1 minute, and it will turn off after 3. i go almost the full 3 since i am adding in my neck and chestand i am taking it slowly. no scrubbing, rubbing, or pressure. just gentle circles around skin.my cleanser is massaged in, it is moved around a little the nubs do not move in circles, there is a vibration under them, and then when all done i rinse my face and it looks so.. fresh, bright, clean. i feelsee no traces left behind of sunscreen. the lotion was effectively broken down by this. it is a notable difference from hand washing, or washing with a washcloth.so for me, it works. i am enjoying this.the small device is comfortable in hand. easy to use. i like the base that it sits on. there is a small hole for drainage.  i rinse off the device after each use, but do not dry it off, so i like that it sit up perfectly in this base.i really have come to like and appreciate silicone for use in cleaning my face and body. seems so much more hygienic.the charger is usb on one end and a magnetic attachment at the device. mine came charged, and so other than an initial plugin to make sure it worked, i have not had to charge it any. i have used it 5 nights now, each night for 23 minutes at a time. debating on whether i canshould use it nightly or not. charger may feel hot to touch, and is normal. do not charge for more than 24 hours.when i do have to finally get around to charging it, i will just have to lay it on a wash cloth or counter top. the base is not for setting device in while charging. i suppose maybe one day they could redesign the base to include both a drainage hole and a charging portps. the direction state not to use it with claybased cleansers, siliconebased or granular based cleansers, exfoliating creams or scrubs.use cream cleansers, oil cleansers, water based cleansers. the usual just not something that could damage silicone, andor create too muchcombined friction on face.that is it! i like it. as i use it more, if i experience anything worth sharing, i will be back to update.
i previously bought a small set of dental tools to use at home for removing plaque between my routine office cleanings. i ordered this set on a whim and i am so glad i did. it is so much nicer than my old set! each tool is very sturdy and is longer than any of the tools from my first set. the ones i have used so far work quite well. it would have been nice to have included some instructions though because this set comes with a lot more than my old one which only had two tools plus the little mirror. i am not sure what some of these tools are for. i am sure they all have a specific special purpose, i just do not have any idea what some of them are. this set comes in a nice case for storage or travel. i am definitely glad i decided to get these.
i have a smaller mouth and these are actually a good fit.  at first i could only chew on them for a short time, but slowly i have been able to build up my time with them.  i like them lots better than the 25 one out there.
bigger then i thought.
just what i have been looking for.
this smells amazing. blends well. all around surprisingly nice for a vegan protein powder. it has risen to the upper ranks of hubbies favorite protein powders.
i like it. works as advertised. not a perfect substitute for an honest to goodness paint touch up job. but you must know that no wax product is that fantastical. it does however mitigate very nicely the little speckly imperfections and tiny chippy marks in your blue paint. i used this product in black when i had a 12 year old black vehicle and it worked great! this blue is very good, not as great as the black, but on my nissan murano blue from 2007, it created a great improvement.
i am using a combination of fasting and the adkins diet to lose weight and this helps me limit my calorie intake on the days i am fasting. i generally try to stay under 500 calories on a 34;fast day34; and this helps curb my hunger and they taste good.
the product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
my second purchase.  every two years like clockwork, i needs to renew my transformer.  no more service alls.  this 75 yr old grandma can do it herself!  reasonable priced.  quick, professional delivery.  perfect fit!
seems to be working fine.  no side effects.
works perfectly, on batteries.
i probably will not use these; since they were not expensive i probably will not return them, but when i used them to block my wife's snoring, unlike my anker headphones, instead of silence, i could hear my heartbeat and my own breathing so loud, that was as bad as the snoring.  the anker anc headphones while uncomfortable to sleep with give me a wonderful pure silence.  i am going to look for active noise canceling buds instead.
i got this for my best friend for christmas as a 34;gag34; gift, and she loved it! she uses it religiously. the light really helps to find those hidden stones in the crannies of your tonsils. the three different attachments really help as well.
good refills for the journal
awesome for quartering ducks after the hunt.
this was not for me. the straps were too wide to fit under my arms comfortably
i just got this product today. i was a little nervous that this product would taste like fish burps i had in the past from capsules of fish oil i took before. i am very delighted to report that the flavor is very acceptable. it tastes like oil with a slight lemon flavor. the fishiness of the flavor is very slight and almost imperceptible.i am going to take 2 teaspoons a day and see if that lowers my cholesterol which is now slightly too high. ill update this review in the future.
it is natural,great for scalp
i loved the look of these bags  very blingy with three different kinds of glitter  silver, gold, rose gold. they are not made of the usual thin paper and are meant to be reused, not just thrown away after one use, making them environmentally friendly, which is a plus.the bags are on the small side, however, so they seem best suited for swag bags or intimate gifts of jewelry rather than large birthday or holiday presents. this impression is solidifed by the fact that the bags come with tags saying "thank you' on them. i wish there had been other tags included as well, like "seasons greetings" or "happy birthday!" this kind of limits their usefulness but it is easy enough to include your own tag. overall these are great for giftgiving.
this cleans my tongue really well without leaving a metallic taste.  i use the scraper every morning, and it really helps me to wake up and feel like my mouth is crystal clean to start the day.  i do dry it off after every use so that it does not rust and so far, so good!.as a funny note  i keep this in the same cup as my toothbrush head, and if i lift my toothbrush head out at the wrong angle, the magnet sticks to the scraper and they both come out together!
it stays stuck to the wall of the shower for maybe two showers.  any small bump and it falls off.  does not hold the shower head except at one angle.  would not recommend to anyone.
i used these to block out my loud roommate when i was trying to sleep works great! they are a bit difficult to wash but overall very handy. i would purchase these again!
no instructionswere added to the item.no how or when to use
great iron for getting your ferritin up!
this product needs no soap. it contains cleansers and a calming lavenderchamomile scent. great for  a quick wash. fabulous for any kind of travel. easy to use.
great product for your lungs.
i mean, cute, but do not bend in the waist or tail, only arms.  as a result, i cannot really post them in anyway that looks realistic.
the current price of 9.99 for this ensemble is excellent and the mask alone is worth that price. however, if the price were more than 12.99, i would have rated this 2 or 3 stars due to the additional items included.this comes in a giftable box and includes a sleep mask, a silk eyeshade like another mask, and disposable foam earplugs in a plastic case.i am very impressed with the foam mask. it is a cushiony soft, but fullbodied sleep mask. this mask has eye cutouts. there is also an adjustable strap in the back. since there is an eye socket channel, i can open my eyes underneath without touching the front of it and it blocks out all light incredibly well. it feels like it is made of cloth covered form. it is comfortable to wear and fits me very well and is not too snug. it does not move around when i lay down with it. overall, i really love the mask.however, the eye shade feels more like a lightweight silk mask. even when i extend the adjustable strap all the way, it pulls tight around my eyes, is useless at blocking all light, and is supremely uncomfortable. the ear plugs are also just junk to me. they should leave out both items. i only took off one star because the mask is 5 stars. if they left out the other junk, i would have rated this 5 stars at the current price of 9.99.
my husband says it works great for his back
i am a fairly regular soylent user the bottled 2.0 liquid.  this is the previous version, the dry 34;you mix it, justaddwater34; version.it is not bad provided your expectations are set beforehand.even after copious shaking in the bottle, there is a slight grittiness and texture that is nearly nonexistent in the 2.0 premixed.  the flavor is different as well.  the bottled 2.0 reminds me of the leftover milk after eating a bowl of cheerios.  this v 1.8 dry mix, the flavor is more akin to pancake batter.  which is fine, as long as you know that going in, and do not find the taste of pancake batter unappealing.all in all, i prefer the taste and convenience of the 2.0 but can picture taking this on hiking treks where you are pumping water from a stream along the way and do not want to carry the weight.  it should also store longer, seeing as how it is a dry mix.  great for putting away with your emergency supplies i would think.
very useful when i steam veggies for more than one person. three minute shot and done.  very quick ..and easy to clean.  i choose ceramicsas a healthy and attractive choice....preserving nutrients and making us think, at least, that the food is appealing  an alternative to overcooked,boiled and tasteless vegetables.  i also steam yams  it is very quick and the result is moist and so tasty.
perfect size. works to relax muscles
i had attach these to two pieces of wood as we had several storms with pretty high winds that blew them off the house. with on the wood i could keep them attached better
sizing way off.  this is asian sizing, not us sizing!  an asian 14 is about equivalent to a us 6
really surprised how bad this product is all around considering its billed as the latest thing in teeth whitening. hard to get the swabs out then handle is too shout for effective use. worse yet it stings on the gums after the first use  makes teeth hurt even when not usingparticularly when brushing. in addition it will not work on a synthetic tooth. i have one in front that was shattered in an accuse replaced  is darker than my natural teeth. this made things worse by slightly lightening the other teeth but not the dark one! wish i could get my money backwhat a waste.,
husband wanted this for his wool socks. they are like new again.
not a bad suppliment at all. helps relieve some aches and pains in my knees. over all a good suppliment
i love the taste, its very good
mom's podiatrist recommended this for her, and it works fine.
i only use this on my shower curtain and to scrub the floor with my batter powered brush .  does a great job
monoi smells awesome, but i can only smell if the air vents are blowing high. it is not a freshener that can be smelled when you enter a closed up vehicle... for the price, i would not recommend or buy again
i cannot make up my mind whether these are good for the environment or not. they are meant to be disposable but only after you have used them a number of times. they look like paper towels but are thicker, with some of the durability of a rag. yet, because they look like paper towels, it is fairly easy to toss them out accidentally after only one use if you forget. i know i did.these are good if you remember not to toss them out after one use  so i suppose they are no worse or better than rags, which you must toss out eventually. at any rate, anything disposable, no matter how many times you reuse it, is not good for the environment. but if you must use something like a paper towel, i suppose you could do worse than these.
i am a big fan of mushrooms  the more i use this stuff, the better i feel.  i am 67, and like how clearheaded i feel when i take it regularly. also it contributes to a better flow of energy throughout the day.
exactly as described. works well.
excellent quality good amount great price fast shipping , definitely buy again. thank you
definitely a different texture than regular baking soda  silkier and less clumpy. if you have ever opened one of the ones that come with suction cups for the fridge, its the same kind. i wish the holes were a little smaller or, even better, that there were two sets of holes so i could pick how quickly it comes out. that being said, its very convenient.
served purpose for which intendedused to hand wash dishes while kitchen being remodeledwithout sink.
this is okay but i went back to prebiotin powder prebiotic.
scratchy topstitching along edges!  we have to cover the pad with a doublefolded queensized sheet to make a smooth surface for our little girl to sleep on.  it does the job of protecting the mattress from moisture.  she seems to be staying dry at night, otherwise i would return this.
love this veggie scrubber!! easy to wrap fingers around and get a good grip. love that its wooden.
maty's is the best chest rub i have found after 15 years of being a mom and 4 children nothing i have found works better. in addition to so thing a cough and cold it is very calming. the all natural ingredients do not leave a greasy feeling in irritate the skin. we do not only use it for illness, we use it when my children ...the 15, 12, 9 or 4 year old are feeling anxious or sleepless. on the chest and feet, you will be amazed ! i never want to be without this so i keep a backup jar in our medicine cabinet at all times.
so here is what happened  purchased six of these at costco, i fogged the yard with maybe two and a half, i went from tons of mosquitoes to none, no bites, nada. i had no issues for almost a week. i was singing this things praises.a week or so after this the mosquitoes are back, i break out another two cans and spray. they are back in about thirty minutes. we move inside.a week after this i open my car up, there are 12 or so that fly in and i spend a very disturbing ride to daycare being told by my 4yo they are on my 2yo and having to stop and kill some fairly large skeeters. my yard has now bred super skeeters.i get back home, there is a swarm. wade out into the swarm armed with two cans of this and spray. my backyard smells like pledge, i did not see one of them drop. i mean i was spraying this directly into a mass of flying mosquitoes and other than some course correction for getting soaked nothing.i got some of the nonnatural cutter hose attachment spray and wiped out the hoard with two bottles. i will mention this to costco next time i am over there and see if i am the only one.
love the length, makes it so much easier to reach the back of my head. the one flaw that bugs me every time is that the power button sits right were my thumb goes when holding it upside down so i am constantly accidentally turning it off. its annoying but once you get used to it, you can avoid it.
i started using this product back in november and it has only been a few months and the iron has stopped functioning. it does not get as hot as it did in the first couple months. it simple stays warm but not warm enough to iron your hair. save your money and time and invest in an iron that may cost a little more but will last much longer. and the return window they provide is not long enough to test out whether or not the iron works. very disappointed.
one towel to clean and one to dry. what a pain.
do not understand the hype. did not moisturize my lips at all. threw it away
i cannot give an honest opinion because my doctor prescribed a larger dosage than the otc brands.
cannot hear at all with these.
only issue with this tissue package group is that there are quite a bit fewer in box now...so run through boxes like water.
nice product  but beware that cornstarch can cause fungal growth, yet breathing and applying talc has a whole other set of problems.
hubs swears by this stuff.  he used to always complain about his neck being stiff and sore and says it is been fine for a long time since taking viva glucosamine every day.  he even asked me to put it on regular refill order.  i take it when i can remember too and it seems to help my crackling knees.
this was a nice back support, but the straps would get to loose due to the material and it sliding on my shirt. i also got to big. i am 5'5" 150lbs and got xl. it does depend on your jean size on most measurements i would say not just weight. i am an 1113. xl was to big and i could not tighten it on my own. it comes with an extender for the waist part so i would not be to concerned about it not fitting to tight in the tummy.  i just would rather have something super tight to make me stand up straight. it is a nice back brace if you get the right size!
cute. whatever it takes to make the kids brush!
highly recommended to buy
i have yorkies with notoriously bad teeth. i bought this item to try to help keep them clean. it said for small dogs so i bought it. not sure what they consider small but this toy is huge and bigger around than their mouths. it has a gross plastic smell. neither dog would get near it. i am giving it to the neighbor for her big dogs.
my daughter actually takes this for vitiligo, because it has most of the supplements she needs. between this and the additional supplements, we are seeing improvements; i have to believe this is contributing.
not too bad at all. the suction works just fine but the part to hold the shower spray is too small to be a more secure way to hold the shower spray. maybe i need to tighten it up even more but when i look at the part that is part of the shower system, the original is bigger enough to hold the spray in place without dropping it or causing it to turn around when the water is on. it might work for you just fine and likely will make a difference depending on the place you attach the grip.
my 85 yo mother has low vision and struggled with nail clippers. these were perfect. she still needs independence and these help in a small way.
i am sure this would work if i could stomach it. the taste alone is so horrid i ended up mixing it with some other flavors to get it palatable.. which did not work. the thought of the taste makes me gag... yes, it is that bad for me.two stars for not adding a bunch of crap, but minus 3 stars because i am going to throw it away since the taste makes me gag.
will not cut a small pill without really having to hold it watch it and move it around
like kleenex better than puffs.
color is a little faded transparent gold, thin but okay quality!
works perfect for my needs. i have to take daily medication and it holds a bunch of pills and takes up so much less space then trying to carry around each bottle.
with this mister, you can change regular water into a hydrogenrich treatment. in addition to hydration, you get the benefits of preventing oxidation. the device is small enough to fit in most bags and is ideal for travel. it is a good way to refresh your skin on the go or to keep it moist between skincare steps. i highly recommend this product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
i do not like the boxes the tissues are in.  who designs these things?? they are terrible.  but the tissues are the softest i have found, therefore i purchase them, yucky boxes and all.
i cannot believe how just drinking a great tasting tea  which i love to do can have such a profound affect on my complexion. well i can tell you that it does, my skin is soft and glowing and to be honest i do use skin care products that are all natural or that do not have such rash chemicals in them and they do work great. however after trying this tea my results have doubled even tripled in some areas like my glowing complexion and the softness of my skin. i am 53 and people have actually accused me of jokingly lying about my age, most think i am in my early forty's what? thanks baetea for the opportunity to try this amazing tea. i know some of you already knew the benefits of tea and i do to for health and overall wellbeing, but for skin and complexion i had no idea.
held up in wind. ribbons that came with it too short. wish they were a bit longer but fishing line worked.
this got the job done, but if you try to move it around under your desk with your feet, it will collapse. there are places where the metal stick not rod it is not that sturdy are supposed to click into slots, but the slots are too big so it does not stay in place when you move it. this is way too cheap to cost nearly 100.
this little thing is a great shaver and trimmer. it does the job and it is really compact, which will be great for travel.
amazing tool for every kitchen. removes tea stains from cups with a single swipe with just plain water. removes baked on grease, cleans without marring surfaces, and gets stubborn spots off frying pans when food sticks.
meh. it is a weird applicator to use for makeup. the way that is is cleanable is great for reducing the spread of bacteria, but the way it applies your makeup is kind of odd and patchy and dry. not sure if i would purchase it again.
drink a bottle of this for recovery. it will hydrate your body and also restore minerals that you have lost from exercising. your body will thank you for the coconut water based recovery drink. it has the bcaa's to help with glucose uptake in your muscles. it has taurine to up your workout game. collagen peptides are in to help rebuild muscle. and then you have the other vitamins, minerals and salts to rehydrate your body and get you going again.
since our 5 month old daughter was born she has had sensitive skin and we are very cautious about the products we use. with our previous 2 children we did not have this issue so we never bought dreft products before. i purchased the newborn laundry soap for her clothes and noticed she was getting milk stains on her burp cloths, and bibs. without hesitation we purchased this stain remover since the laundry soap works so good and does not break her out. this spray is amazing! it will get anything out of clothes. we stock this spray like its going out of style and i now use it on my 2 and 10 year olds cloths also! the smell is good, and its perfect for anyone with skin sensitivity or allergies. we also use the dreft stain remover pens when we are on the go! they fit perfectly in diaper bags, purses, etc! definitely recommend this product to anyone with children or frequent stains as it is the best on the market! now only if there was a fabric softener from dreft if there is i have yet to find it! we would be 100 dreft users. for now we will just use the free  clear from downy!!!
i have purchased this product more than once because it works for me. it brought my pressure down 10  15 points and now i am on just one medication rather than two. i was able to get of my beta blocker. this might not work for everyone and for 30 bucks, it is worth a try to see if it is right for you.  note the tablets are quite large and might be difficult for some to swallow. dose is 3 per day each bottle has 90 tablets  msrp is 39.95
i love this stuff. i put it in hot tea in the evenings. i would and have recommended to friends.
great torch lighter, well constructed, feels sturdy and fits perfectly in my hand.  it is bigger than i expected which i like because it holds a lot of gas.  easy push button, lights every time.
it works well. it took quite a few pumps to get good traction.
what i wanted and needed
my go to morning tonic.....every morning
size is weird for eyes.  cannot keep them on.  they need to be secured in towel or something.
if you need this for one burst, for one party. then this may be for you.i bought two of these. loved the look, and the ease of use. i bought them early, and did not need for a few months, but did test them. i took them to the first gig, and they worked. i only used them for two bursts, no longer than 15sec each... then nothing from one of them. no more blowing. the led lights still worked great and showed that i still had connectivity, but the blowers died.after the next try the second one also died. i know what you may be thinking, maybe it was bad power, or a surge. the power was fully tested and good. the internal fuse was still in good shape and working fine.i contacted customer support, and they told me to send a video of the issue, and they would help. so i did that... no response. i emailed again and they totally ignored it. unfortunately amazon says that they cannot do anything. so much for the az guarantee haha.anyway i wish they would have worked great for me, as the concept if good, and the lights are great. but i do not like the idea of paying 400 for each time i need confetti.
love this tool. it works great abs my feet look amazing and feel amazing. i will be purchasing another one when this one is done.
a nice change from all those orange flavored vitamin c gummies. i kept thinking these were blueberry flavored but they are supposed to be grape.  i think it could pass for either because the flavor is not very strong.i love that these are vegan and the cute little gummy bear shapes. you are supposed to take 2 a day.  i have been taking these everyday along with my regular multivitamins. there is only 20mg of vitamin c in each serving but it is an extra boost on the amount i am already taking, plus there is zinc 3mg and echinacea 10mg.
gentle and effective. my teeth have never been cleaner.
not quite as high quality as i was hoping for, but it works well.  we will see how long it lasts, may edit this review in a few months. also had to trim out the opening for the charger to plug in, it was not big enough for my charger cord to fully seat.
these clippers did not really do good for my shaggy yorke's hair. they did fine using the main blade alone on the shorter groin hair when shaving so it would probably work for a short haired animal. just not on shaggy yorkie hair so for me i would not buy them again.
okay, well its okay, kind of short like its designed for short people.  the first thing i am confused about and need to bring it up is the brand, mines came with chinese writing all over it, so i am not sure about ywshf spin sweeper 3 in 1 this name is featured online.  makes me feel like i was shipped a knock off brand, also the color shows turquoise but i received a royal blue unit.it works okay, does not pick up anything big, not sure about the peanut and shells they should this unit picking up, possibly because what i received might be a knock off.  but again, its okay, its a good thing it only cost 12.99, oh but wait i could have gotten it off of ebay for cheaper with a few extra items.
amazing leaves , great service , thank you .will tell friends and buy again. a
i love this straightener because it is small  small enough i could throw it in my purse or laptop case. and because it charges using my laptop, i can use it anywhere  in the car, in a hotel, or in my office. it is the perfect travel solution. it charges quickly, holds a charge well, and heats up in seconds. perfect gift idea for the traveler in your life.
does not stick to shoe.
if you are looking for something to help with your sitting comfort, this wondergel will help. this is my second purchase, i bought one for my wife and i. very please with the purchase.
my son has a varied, healthy diet, but as a toddler, the majority of the new foods i give him end up on the floor or in the trash. he particularly despises meat, so i looked for an ironcontaining vitamin to make up the difference. these vitamins taste pretty good i have tried them too, and my son claims they taste like candy. his most recent hemoglobin blood test revealed no low levels for him. he also keeps growing quickly, so it must be working.
i will get one every year!
i love these earplugs. they are great for sleeping and for swimming. best earplugs on the market right now.
it came already opened, which is gross. i never listen to these types of reviews because of course this does not always happen and i am the unlucky one. but it is very disappointing because i was really looking forward to using this.
bought because i got covid. my mom was telling me she was worried about my o2 dropping, so i basically just got this to help ease her worries. seemed to work well and my o2 stayed above 90, usually above 95, so that was good.
the bath sponges came safely secured tightly sealed there was no air in the package. the sponges are a decent size large enough for my son's body four came in a pack, he is super happy to have these sponges.
i liked it did not disintegrate, and food did not stuck, a bit thin though
these compression socks are super comfortable, easy to get on and easy to get off. the wide calf design makes these super comfortable for long term wearing. to me they felt like i was wearing socks but still provided me with the supportcompression i need. the price for this pair is still less than i paid for one compression sock from the drug store and is not nowhere near as comfortable as these. will purchase more even though i only need one compression sock.
they would be more comfortable if they were the full length of the shoe.
great to have on hand
gets everything out of my little one's nose my hubby even uses it
i was hoping this would be a handy multifunction trimmer and chose it because of the large assortment of attachments. the trimmer works well with the preinstalled attachment and the blade is sharp enough for a relatively close shave without bloodshed. however, trying to remove it is impossible.  according to the instructions you need to grasp the unprotected blade head with your finger to release it and then pull it out by the sides.  whilst i was trying to position my hand so as not to engage the large power button that is literally the entire upper half of the shaver's body, i felt the blade bending on my third attempt and gave up. also included in these kits was an empty usb power block casing. in addition to some major design flaws. where is the quality control?
nice well made sleep masks.  soft fabric, light as a feather.  comfortable too.
i used this stuff for like 3 months and it did absolutely nothing... like nothing at all. i work out regularly and i was pretty sad about it.
incredible buy, very well made, lights and alarm work perfectly. i am talking this on my russian river cruise!!!!
if i knew this replacement cover is this expensive i would ever put this item on my baby shower registry!
do not waste your money. just buy some apple cider vinegar, it works much better.
no pinching and curls easily!
great size! i am always cold so i sit with this on the couch behind me to keep me warm. my husband uses his for various other needs and we are both please with it. the large size is great but the material is best. we used to have to warm the old one up to just be able to manipulate and flatten it as it was the hard plastic material. this one is more blanketlike. great purchase and was fsa eligible so even better!
when my doctor suggested stinging nettle root to help me breathe i decided to research and see the benefits and cons of the herb. the more i researched the more the all natural supplements sounded like the right choice. i looked at many different brands before deciding on these. i am satisfied that i got these. the capsules are not too big to swallow and leave no nasty aftertaste. with any kind of supplements you would expect to be able to smell the ingredients but these have no smell. they start working within a few days of beginning them and within one week i was breathing better than i had in years. they help to clear out sinuses and keep chest clear do breathing is easier. these are a less expensive brand and are a great value for the money.
we live in sunny and hot southwest florida. having proper eye protection during the day is critical to your longterm eye health.  not only that but my eyes have changed as i have aged and i need reading glasses to see anything up close.  finding a way to keep both pairs of glasses close and handy became very important to me.  after seeing a friend wear both pairs of glasses around his neck i realized that his method worked very well.since you virtually have one or the other pair of eyeglasses on most of the time, there just appears to be one pair hanging from your holders across your upper chest.  need to put on your sunglasses when going outside?  just switch from your reading glasses. no more putting your eyeglass cases down and forgetting to take them with you.  no more glasses falling out of your pockets and getting bent or broken when you or a friend steps on them.i bought two different pairs to try out, these holdie classic pu leather and a new pair of croakies premium leather.  both are leather, both have adjustable rubber clips to fasten to the bows of the eyeglasses, and both can be adjusted to fit just about any type of eyeglass bow.  these are both versatile because the design of the rubber clips allows you to fasten them to most types of eyeglass bows. the type of holder that has hollow cloth or rubber ends let us the glasses slip out of the holders and fall off.  plastic clips instead of rubber tend to break under stress.these holdies are a 34;number one best seller34; on amazon with 191 reviews and a 4.3 star average rating.  they are sold in a 3 pack for 12.99 for an average cost of 4.33 per unit.  each of the three units comes in a different color for matching your outfits black, dark brown, and light brown.  nice touch that.  my only concern is that the leather straps 2634; long are flat and made of raw leather.  that can be a problem in hot climates as raw leather think leather watch bands can absorb sweat and begin smelling a bit funky.overall though it is nice to have three different colors and know that they are wellmade.  they also have a bead in the center of the strap to allow you to tailor the length to whatever you are comfortable with.  made in china but well executed.
bought this oil to aid with bad yeast under the armpits and upon putting it on the itching and swelling were under control. i will be buying this again.
see disclaimer belowthis glucosamine chondroitin msm combination is great! i wanted to try it because i have a lot of joint pain and am seeking a diagnosis for ehler's danlos, a connective tissues disorder, so i am trying to find things that will support joint health and maybe help relieve a little of the back and knee pain i experience. i know that this company has really highquality products and i have been very pleased with this one. the gelatin capsules are so much easier to take than the big pills i have bought over the counter in the past and there is very little smell and no taste. i have to take a lot of medicine already so that is a huge plus for me. it also helps cartilage health, immune system, and hair, skin, and nails. so it covers a lot which i appreciate. less supplements to take is always better in my book. i highly recommend this product, especially for the joint health as i have begun to notice a difference in my knees particularly.
and i am no kid any more!  i have tried traditional massagers  the electric ones and those manual roller kind and they do not work for me.  i have very sensitive soles  one would think after 6 decades i would have some tough, leather foot soles, but no, they are extremely tender and sensitive to just about everything.  i do have a regular foot bath massager that is okay because i do put epsom salts in it and fill with very warm water and let it "jiggle" my feet for a while and i always have a big towel handy to dry off my feet...then i have to wrestle that full of water massager to the sink to dump it out, clean it out and let it sit out to dry before storing it...nice, but a pain, right?  this foot steamer is still large like all foot massagers of any type are, but what was nice is the small amount of water used so that did not add weight to the unit that i had to deal with afterwards  big plus!  the steaming i tried on medium first...as i said, i have fairly tender, sensitive soles and the medium steam was warm to my feet, but not uncomfortable.  i would not tried a foot steamer before and was surprised at how it made not just my feet but me feel  relaxed and much more comfortable than i had been when i started.  i just wish it could use essential oils or the special teas made for body steamers as i think that would be a boost to how my feet felt after using it, but that is just a thought...all in all, i love this foot steamer.
copaiba oil is a very important component in the care of a family member who has, amongst other health problems, a muscle cramping problem. postcramp, a little massage using coconut oil and a few drops of copaiba oil, has proven to be the most effective way to ease sore muscles. we have tried many overthecounter products but nothing beats copaiba oil and there are no contraindications with the prescription meds.there was a snafu in shipping but the seller made it more than right.
very relaxing, love there stuff.always the best supplements at the best price. the real deal. no sugar and fillers. buy
puff and durable
this really really really works. helps hide your smoking habit!
i have taken prescription meclizine for vertigo for years, and this rising health meclizine seems to work just as well. it makes me a little sleepy, just like the rx, and gets rid of most of the spinning, just like the rx. i get it really bad sometimes, so nothing gets rid of the spinning and nausea completely, but i would be in rough shape if i did not keep this on hand. this rising health meclizine works great and i would definitely recommend it.
i like the fact that it has a decent amount of direct skin pain reliever, which i use for the nearunbearable pain of damaged nerves from herpes zoster.
lost my old one and ordered this one. i wanted an electric corded one and thought they sent me the wrong one. they sent me another one and then i realized duh that the first one was exactly what i wanted! was told to keep the second one as a gift! wow!this product works great! i use it every night on my rough feet because i go barefoot all the time. have used this brand for years and will continue to do so
ziploc bags are, in my opinion, the most reliable. these bags are the same as the plain ones in the store, but with a large green bay packers logo on one side. you can see what is in the bag on the backside. if you are a packers fan, these will cheer you up. the logo is easy to ignore if you do not care about football! gallon size is perfect for so many things!
so far, so good.  i have worn this for a few days and have felt an improvement in my left heel where previously i had much pain.  i hope the improvement lasts.
i am very satisfied with these syringes. the markings are clear and easy to read, even for my old eyes. the plunger works smoothly with no binding regardless if the fluid is watery or thick.  they come in a box for easy storage, and each one is individually sealed.i use them for pet medications and for mixing diy flavorings. solid value for the price, especially if you can get it on a price dip. highly recommend.
the work well
this shaker bottle is perfect for my pre and bcaas. i used to refill my shaker bottle in the gym and never felt good about using that chlorinated water.  also, very happy with the quality.
i bought these for my business. as a pure romance consultant i use this for my sample goody bags that i give out. it includes a couple samples, my business card and a couple pieces of candy! i love the different colors they come in and they were just the right size to fit everything in perfectly. they are very durable and the price is great! i definitely recommend buying these!
it arrived quickly and it works just as it should. the display is big and bright so it is easy to read.
vile stuff.  has the texture of liquid oatmeal.
with so many plant saucers to choose from on amazon, not sure why i selected these but they are the best saucers i have ever purchased.  not a drop of water will ever get thru these things.  nice think plastic  not like those flimsy ones you can purchase at the box stores that bend and are easily punctured.  would definitely recommend.
top came unglued.
cannot say it whitens well, but it leaves me with fresh breath.
10 little patches the size of 2 normal patches. this product is a scam.
total waste of time and money.  the cats seem to be attracted to it
personally, less sweet would be okay with me. the flavor is very good and tastes fruity much like raspberries.  this is actually a great product with all the other combined b vitamins added. the bottle says 60 servings. i am taking a half dropper a day because of all other vitamins i take every day.  the bottle dropper works good and no leaks in cap rim as i shake it every time before using.  still, i think it is critical to get enough b12 especially for us older folks.  this product also has a long expiration marked on the bottle. this brand deserves high marks except for being a bit oversweet. i still recommend it and feel it is a good value.
....and it is about to expire.
i purchased this for my elderly mother who has spinal stinosis. she much prefers this pad over the typical chair or scouter pad. this pad she takes everywhere. she loves it.
this product was amazing i took as instructed and my cardiologist said my cholesterol did lower. while i cannot say it was solely this product i have to say it had to have been part of the reason. it was easy to take and there was no reaction to the supplement. i am definitely keeping this in my daily routine.
followed instructions to the note and did not see results or feel any difference. easy to follow instructions and packets though.
i have purchased several hekunn wooden spoons in the past and love them all.  this one is no exception.  it is high quality and put any wooden spoons i have purchased at department stores to shame.  i was able to participate in a promotional event and receive the spoon at a discounted price in exchange for writing an honest and unbiased review.  i gladly would have paid full price, though, because i love this company's products and i know they are worth the price.  they are beautiful as well as functional.  they are safe to use in non stick pans and also sturdy enough to use for stirring.  before this spoon arrived their spatula had been my favorite product of theirs.  this right up there with it!  i spend a lot of time in the kitchen and appreciate any quality products that make my time in there easier and more enjoyable.  products from hekunn definitely fit that bill!  the products do take longer than some other products to arrive, but they are worth the wait!
they are very sturdy and precise
one day delivery, installed by daughter. well made,works great.
i would not use the word softness to describe these. they are great go exfoliating, which is what they are designed for. i am very happy with this product
great tissues
this gloves are perfect for dish washing or other household cleaning duties. they keep your hands protect nicely during all these duties we love so dearly, not. they are a good quality product that should stand up the test of time quite nicely, only time will tell. these gloves come with a cotton flocking that makes wearing them nice and comfortable and absorbs your sweat to some degree. getting a pair of these for 10 is very good so i can recommend purchasing these for sure!
this was a very brutal year in my area for pollen and allergies.  on top of everything, we did some renovations so there was dust and allergens absolutely everywhere for a while.  we my husband and i went through a bunch of allergy medicines and nothing really worked.  then we tried this, on the advice of a friend.  i was absolutely amazed.  there was no fogginess, no druggy feeling, but our sinuses really opened up.  quickly.  i am just amazed at how well this works.  this product has earned a permanent place in my medicine cabinet!
great quality hot water bottle. love it.
these are nice tweezers. inexpensive too.
i like this better than my mia.cleans great. get the makeup off completely, livens up your face .
i felt a little mixed about this foot peel at first.  nothing happened for about 4 days.  no peeling.  then after a shower on about the 4th day my feet started peeling like crazy for about 4 more days.  in my ignorance i did this prior to an outing which required my bare feet to not look diseased so i scrubbed them like crazy w one of those cheese grater things. even after that they were still peeling.  i would just say, use this with some caution.  you do not want to use this right before a beach vacation.  if you do it 2 to 3 weeks before you want your feet looking good then you should be fine.
this is good and very moisturizing
loved it for my granddaughter's 5th birthday party she loves mermaids and it was perfect
does not stay on, falls constantly while using. dangerous. i only weigh 135 lbs and i cannot rest my foot on it. do not buy
working great
i travel a lot and do not always have access to food. i like to carry these as they are convenient and tasty for a nutrition bar. the other types tend to be too large and too sweet tasting for me. this size is much better. i can eat enough without getting tired of the taste and is just enough to satisfy my hunger until i can get a proper meal.
this is the best value for rope style cotton for vaping using rebuildable atomizers on amazon.
worthless product. does not curl your lashes. at all.
i have used this product forever. love it and will buy again.
i like that these contain 10 billion cfu from 4 different strains, and only one capsule per day is required.  there are 14 capsules in a bottle so it will last just for two weeks, making these probiotics kind of pricey at a little over one dollar per capsule.  that said, they did not upset my stomach at all and i generally feel better when taking probiotics.  they do not contain, gluten, dairy or soy.
its impossible to give a valid review, when i have only been taking a few days.  it takes a while to determine if there are any positive or negative reactions in such a short while
i love this! it is the perfect size to fit over my scooter
helps the glasses while grocery shopping.
i thought this was a great idea, but it just ended up being a hassle. the seat part of is just loose fabric; i thought it looked like it had some stability on the sides in the photos, but it does not. it get incredibly heavy when wet, so it is not easy to hang as it feels like it is going to break off the hook.
this stuff really does keep your glasses on. i use it daily. it is especially good for workouts and when i run outside i use it on my sunglass. the only drawback is that the wax leaves a film if you get it on your lenses and you will need a towel to get it off.
ashwagandha powder is a new supplement here and new supplements are interesting for determining health improvement.a bit of research shows ancient homeopathic use in africa. it is kind of strange that it is homeopathiccurative claims read like snake oil, but what the heck. there have been occasions that "new" supplements to me have been wildly effective ... glucosamine msm  chondroitin being one from years ago ... conversely after multiple trials of melatonin, it reduces my immune systems ability to prevent colds.ashwagandha powder is worth a trial given the supplement grass roots attention it is getting.first, it does not smell like horse. it smells like garden soil to me and it smells like nothing to another nose. it tastes like nothing. ashwagandha powder does not effect the smoothie taste.we will wait and see what happens.
exactly what i was looking for. i take a few different medicines and one i have to on occasion split into half. to date i used a knife but that did not usually work too well, but since it was a once in a while thing i made it work. i figured it was time and get a pill splitter. this one is perfect. small and easy to use and in my eyes cute. it works well and you do not loose your pill halves after you are done either. exactly what needed.
i put in my morning drinks or smoothies.
daughter loved was broken when received.
my dog had surgery and, since this is not the first, i knew i would need packing material and bandages.  this worked great.
i purchased these toothbrush holders to add to shoeboxes for operation christmas child. the holders are sturdy and much cheaper since i bought them in bulk.
i tried this when i was on vacation in australia and loved the way it stuck  stayed put on an injured foot like nothing ever has before.  it does not leave that sticky residue, either.
burns and only single or use twice before liquid solidifies.  for the use,  it did not work as well as other name brands. will not buy again
update 2522 i tried to give this blow dryer a shot on the highest wind setting at medium heat. mind you, it normally takes less than 10 minutes to dry my terribly fine thin hair. it did not even make it halfway through before it crapped out. dead. the plug did not shut it off. it just died. with all of its shortcomings and now this, it is a definite no go...2322 this eniseca 1875 watt negative ionic hair dryer is not as versatile as it is made out to be. i was really looking forward to being able to change the temperature and wind settings to my liking. i have fine thin hair, and need a lower speed with hotter temperatures than most blow dryers have. with this blow dryer, it is impossible.the only time you can adjust the temperature is if it is on the highest wind speed, which is totally ridiculous. if you lower the wind speed at all, it goes to the coldest temperature, which is even more ridiculous. i do appreciate being able to change the temperature on the highest wind setting, but i need a lower wind setting and a higher temperature setting than cold. and, i do mean cold.after deciphering the meaning behind this seemingly faulty setting, they make it appear that a lower wind speed should only have low temperatures for children's sake. i did not buy this blow dryer for a child, i bought it for myself. furthermore, i would not want to blow dry my child's hair with cold air.this blow dryer could have been a super win all around, but instead it is a flop for me. it is fine if you only blow dry your hair on a mediumhigh speed at all times, but for those of us who do not or cannot do that, it is pretty much useless. just to note, the highest wind speed setting is not nearly high enough to please those with thick long hair, but it  get extremely hot. this is not my favorite.
mixes very easy, tastes great, i mix it with almond milk.  i am going to make some popsicles and see how that works as a treat.
these were great support for my daughter recovering from weakness and pain in her knees from running.good product and prompt delivery.
i get hives after eating some foods, but these capsules take care of them quickly. i wish the company offered larger quantity bottles.
these come in two sizes in the container.  neither one of them fit.  they felt a little too stiff, not suitable for me.
good sturdy basket really holds up well i just went food shopping and help up like i could not believe it.only con is instructions are a little poor so i cannot take it on off my scooter like its supposed tobut all in all glad i have it and not a closed up bag where i have to fumble to get things!
my kid snacked his face with the lanyard and left a mark. looking for less stretchy
this system can whiten your teeth. it does it gradually. follow all the directions and use only as instructed. do not use more than recommended. keep in mind that if you do not follow the directions, you could cause sensitivity in your teeth, gum irritation, sore throat and uneven whitening.
i do not taste it  add it to my smoothie daily  but i would not mind the taste if i did taste it  i like mushrooms. this is keeping my brain happy during this awful year 2020. i recommend it!
made a good purchase!
i had a geo matt from 15 years ago and loved.but figured it was time to replace.  these are good but not as good as the old ones.  they will not last 15 years but if they make it 5 i will be happy.  i love the way they feel.  i was first informed of them by a hospital and am glad,  the egg crate do not compare or the memory foam cover.love these.
vibrations definitely exceeded my expectations for the smaller size! i have another that is similar in size and appearance but its not as strong!!product itself seems to be pretty well made and has a nice sleek look to it...and is comfortable to use. buttons are easy to control and get to.product packaging was also very well done. it comes in a box with the brands logo and then in a black velvet bag for more permanent storage.the bonus plug that is included is flexible and soft, but has a hard time staying in place.overall, i am happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend. would buy again.item was received at a reduced price i am exchange for an unbiased and honest review  that in no way affected my opinion
these round pink ice packs are manufactured by the same company that manufactures the blue round ice packs. i bought the blues ones about 3 months ago when i was suffering from my first attack of eyelid dermatitis. the blue ones worked well. they came in a travel handy plastic zippered case. they did take about 24 hours to get fully iced.i had a second attack of eyelid dermatitis this month and found that with the time required to ice, i needed more than 5 round ice packs in a day. so i ordered the cheaper pink packs because money is tighter this month. they came. first, they are not in a travel handy plastic zippered case. i will have to supply my own zip baggy. second, now that i have started to use them, i am surprised because they seem to not stay icy as long as the blue ones. why should color make a difference? the substance inside seems less gel like too. am i crazy, imagining this?between my osteoarthritis knees yes, the right one is acting up now too and what is turning out to be repetitive bouts of eyelid dermatitis, i am getting to be a connoisseur of icing and ice packs. so i do not think i am imagining this even if it seemingly makes no sense. next time i order, it is is back to the blue ones and damn the higher cost. the pink ones work, they just work for a shorter time.by the way using these round packs for my right knee too slip them between layers of my ace bandage wrap right over the medial point next to my patella that burns. the point is higher up than the medial meniscus so i have screwed up something different on the right knee than left knee. learning to watch how i move my knees very carefully to prevent all future injuries. going to watch sumo wrestling for overweight knee movement pointers. i am overweight but not sumo level oh lord, thank you! but between rx meds that make it hard and slow to lose weight and two medical conditions that make it hard and slow to lose weight, i need the big sumo guys help in knee movements. help me sumo guys how do you keep you knee joints in good shape?
this is a great snack. low carbs and full of protein. just right when the munchies hit.
hibiclens is a very thin liquid and this pump has a strong pumping action.  the hibiclens tends to go everywhere, and it disperses too large of an amount.  not sure if i will continue to use this.  i have found luck using a foaming dispenser with this.  helps to keep it from getting everywhere.
cons  adjusting screw is between the jaws, and interferes with picking up large items, like paper towel rolls.  also very heavy for my wife.pros  very sturdy.the suction cups seem like a waste.  better without them.
negative ion necklace  interesting idea and figured i would try it.  so far it seems to make a difference.  maybe not a huge difference yet, but i have noticed that i am more awakealert.  see, i am in my 60s and i often will feel tired and if i am sitting, it is very easy for me to close my eyes and fall asleep just that fast.  with this necklace, it seems to help me resist falling asleep like that.  maybe there are other benefits, but that is the one i have noticed.
awesome is my first reaction. i love it. it is light weight and works great for my needs.
it feels nice. looks pretty. affordable. does it feel work? i do not know!
easy to put on and pulls you how you need to stand.
i really like this holder. it clicks on my keychain and my oils are always handy
comes conveniently boxed. easily portable. three adapters in one. multi led lights. brightens just like whitener from dentist office. mouth piece is comfortable. soft.
you can go with a smaller one and spend half the day trying to irrigate your ear, or you can get this big one and be done with it already nice and easy though, do not bust an eardrum and rinse yer brains.
great for meds and vitamins.... stay shut, easy to refill!
yes it is a very good product.
i love this product! i have alot of muscle pain in my shoulders and this has allowed me to relax. would definitely recommend!
i was very interested to try this supplement as i like to take most of what is in the pills for immunity especially during the stressful winter months.  i did not realize that a bottle only lasts 10 days if taken as directed.sizethe pill size is standard and not hard to swallow.odorthe odor of the pills is not excessive or intense.digestive issuesi had no issues with burping, upset stomach, or other digestive problems when taking this.how i took thisi took this as two capsules a day when i was feeling a bit under the weather.did it help?i did see that it helped me just by taking 2 capsules in a day.how is this supposed to be taken?i was shocked when i read the instructions to take six capsules a day which amounts to this bottle only lasting 10 days.  that means at 20 a bottle at the time of this review that you would be paying 60 a month to take this supplement.  i am not sure it is worth that.country of origin?this says on the bottle that it is manufactured for a place in fl and formulated in the us, but it does not say where it is actually made that i can find on the bottle.the bottom linealthough this helped me some at a lesser dose than recommended, if taken as it says, it is pretty expensive.  i am not sure it is worth it to get 3 bottles a month.my ratingthree stars.  although it does work, it is a bit high priced and the bottle contains so little compared to monthly recommendations, i can not rate this higher than 3 stars.
i love this! it works well and smells nice. i practice hot yoga so this cleaner is a must!
i have fragile skin that tears with a normal bandaid. even with being easy to remove, sticks very well.
great product and delivered as promised.
nice product...but cover to batteries really tough to take off.  lkb.
this has a great combination of herbs and really makes one feel healthy!
i really like these flashlight because its quit bright, heavy, and good design.  i purchased eight and keep every room for emergency.  also i usekeep rechargeable buttery for these so i can change and recharge them whenever i need it.
work really well but wondering how long they will last.
i used this to remove a mediumdeep scratch from a citizen ecodrive watch with a sapphire crystal. i was not optimistic. however, after about three to four applications, the scratch was nearly gone, and the rest of the crystal looked markedly better! watch the video before using, as it is a little complicated and timeconsuming, but we will worth the somewhat expensive price and effort!
i have previously reviewed this item from this or some other seller and am reviewing again in specific response to the very negative review by one person who seems to only have account to give negative reviews on this item.  i am a real person with hundreds of amazon purchases and reviews  reading reviewer profile is important i think.this is my earlier review from item listing on another vendor.the only one i have tried that works well. i have had three in the past. the first split at the point of entry as i tended to push it a bit too hard causing compression at entrypoint. local vendor advised the problem and next two did not have same point of failure. they last about a year. soft ur3 material warms up well and ribbed inside enhances the experience.a critical thing it is long enough so one does not lose lubrication out the end  messy and loses the charm of the experience. it also accommodates larger users  it is 7.5 inches long where most others fail fast.it will accommodate girth, others just split out the end after couple uses. there is some difference in the sensation from each end, one being a bit tighter on the point of entry.one description called it a pocket toy. naaaa. this thing is 7.5 inches by 2.5 inches and weighs about a pound. walking around with this thing in the pocket would be noticed.clean up is very easy with warm water and absolute minimal amount of soap. be sure to rinse well as soap could cause some rash next time it is used. the box includes a small pack of powder corn starch that they recommend using after each use or washing. i never used it on previous ones and it lasted well enough. i think the powder is to dry quickly to avoid bacteria and such. i shake well after washing and store in a terry cloth with the flat end pointing downwards. the end that has two holes. putting this end up allows water to remain inside and you will see water next time if you store wrong end up.it has a bit of a scented powder smell when you open the box. it is from the scented corn starch. i do not like the smell and would toss out the little package of scented powder and just use corn starch if i wanted to use powder.not easiest to find though. i hope amazon keeps selling it even with one reviewer chasing after every vendor while having almost no other presence as a reviewer
i like the longer length, and i like the snap closure.  i would have prefered the old fashioned ties, but i do not like velcro, so i take whatever i can get.  lol the bibs are not absorbent much at all.  they do protect my clothing!
so far it does not seem to live up to expectations. supports libido? not that i know what that means, but nothing's changed in that area. boost energy and vitality? no... i even feel sleepier and i have had the same sleep pattern before and after taking this. i do not get pimples often so i cannot answer for that. i will continue to use and see how it goes. i take it with water every morning, 4 drops, on empty stomach as advised on the info attached to this bottle.
we order these about every two months for our puppy.love them and they stay on great.
i have tried many diet supplements on the market, most of them without results. i decided to try this one and their 34;carb and fat attack34; i also reviewed that one. this supplement, while i have not lost any weight yet, it did stop my weight from climbing, so i am going to assume that i am in a transition plateau phase. i have not been exercising regularly, so i am sure that is attributing to my stall.  i started walking more regularly and eating better, in conjunction with the other supplement, vitamins and fruit smoothies, i am sure that with this product the weight will start to come off.now, as for effectiveness, i do notice a change in my energy. i suffer from severe fatigue and i do find that i have more energy throughout the day when i take this. i keep it down to a minimum because of the caffeine, because i refuse to give up coffee and taking the full dosage with coffee does have me climbing the walls, so i reduced the dosage to 1 mug of coffee in the morning and 1 capsule before lunch to keep my energy up. this works for me. i am sure it will take longer for me to see weight reduction results because i am taking a smaller dosage, but i am sure that i need to be on this for more than a month to see the results. and considering that i am having no ill side effects and everything seems to be okay, i think i will stick with this for a while longer and post my results of weight loss if any at a later date. for energy, i highly recommend.
it feels and looks wellmade but unfortunately, it is too small. i try to attach it to my hoover vacuum cleaner hose somewhere between 11634; and 18 too small leaving a gap.
yoders is the very best apple cider vinegar. i take it in the morning, chase it with a beverage. it truly helps with digestion, shrinks the gut  keeps you all around healthier.
very happy with this yoga mat spray. it has a refreshing scent.
like this company and the ease of ordering on amazon where we look for everything. the meadowsweet was fresh and nicely cut. i use it in my chicken coop as part of an herb blend that keeps the nest boxes fresh and free if the pests that like to jump on chickens!
about half of them came damaged. but the other half look great and apply easy!
decent socks.  although like many things, the creators seemed to forget that big people are actually big.  the size 13 fits the foot itself pretty good, but the top of the socks get extremely tight on larger calves.  i understand that tight is the goal, but pain, discoloration,  numbness should not be.  there really should be a bit more stretch to these, especially with the prints.  as is, when taking them off i can clearly see the design of the sock imprinted into my skin.  i have been compromising by folding the tops down  the whole experience is pretty great that way, but i was kind of jazzed to have high top socks that did not constantly remind me of every inch of my legs in  a bad way.  oh well, my quest continues.
bottle arrived on june 2 but had an expiry date of april 2020 !
you are paying for the design but its great mat overall
this pack of reading glasses was a great buy. the glasses were only a couple dollars more per pair than the ones i usually get at the dollar store, but much more sturdy and wellmade. i would recommend these without hesitation!
is it strange that i like my weight information being sent to the internet?  probably.i have had this scale for abotu a year and it has been great.  the battery has lasted beyond the manufacturer 6 months and still going strong.your weight data goes to your fitbit account, so it is great if you are using the fitbit.  having a running log of your weight is a great tool for gaining insight into your habits and their effects on you.  when you add in the food tracking, step counts, and sleep data, the resulting trends you can find is definitely interesting and can be used to drive effective change.example, when i do not sleep well for an extended period usually because i stay up late and need to be up earlier than normal, i see my weight rise that week.  i mean, we all know that there are certain trends that tend to occur, but it is different when you have the evidence and can actually see how your habits impact your body!
these foam earplugs are easy to use and they expand inside your ears.  but, i would never rely exclusively on these for really loud sounds like gun shots.  i think they might be fine for car races probably not nascar  really loud, or to wear to block out some sounds while trying to get to sleep.  i have one in each ear right now, fully expanded and i can easily hear sounds around me so i cannot really tell if they would reduce loud sounds or not. they seem to be made out the regular foamy material a lot of ear plugs are made out of and they come very well packaged and you get 3 pairs in one plastic box for a total of 12 pairs.
done buying these, they are average to poor at best.  save your money.  more garbage sold on amazon
this one dissolves easy in water, compared to previous glucosamine that i had gotten from gnc. i was sent a free sample of glucosamine, and have been taking it for about a week now, and notice a slight difference in my joints and muscles. i have taken glucosamine previously, and it does take some time to fully get the benefits. so you have to be patient, but you will see results over time. i will be ordering more once i run out. glucosamine is best taken with chondroitin.
like the design of this card keeper.
multitasking cleaning products can certainly help to make more room under the sync. i like this product because it is so versatile. it has a nice citrus scent, and its very effective on sinks and tubs. cuts soap scum.i decanted into a spray bottle. cleans refrigerator fingerprints beautifully.i poured some in the toilet bowl, much nicer than harsh chemicals.
personally did not like the smell.
i have been suffering from anemia and decided to try and add some iron tablets to my regimen. i like the fact that they have not upset my stomach or had any type of reflux with them.
increased all my alkalines uses by 50150
love the size of these tiny bags.  purchased to use in the garden. i place the bag over seed pods to prevent the seeds from blowing away in the wind   i have a butterfly garden and plant milkweed. the flowers develop into seed pods that "burst" when mature and the exposed silk fluff has a small seed attached at the end. the fluff blows away in the wind. to capture the seeds, the organza bags keep them in the bag once they burst and i can place them away and collect the seeds to replant next year!!  really good purchase.
camphor spirits! the price and effectiveness of this product!! there is nothing i do not like about it!!
great tasting protein powder. seems to be a quality product as well. i added it to a blender with water and ice and it was a quick and satisfying protein smoothie. filling and tastes great.
smell great and are very thick!
yes, it does say mini, but come on, is extra mini for a high price. i was not happy seeing that little box. yes i know i should have read the size but not everyone does that every time and the pictures are misleading.
i have never been big on vitamins, with the exception of the occasional multivitamin. however, during the pandemic, i started on a daily regimen of taking vitamin c, vitamin d3 and zinc every morning and an additional vitamin c at night. this is a large bottle of three hundred tablets enough to last me for three months. i typically take all my vitamins on an empty stomach and i have had no ill side effects from doing so. everyone should be taking these daily to strengthen your immune system even if you are vaccinated. highly recommend!
i bought the germguardian to deal with kitty litter smell. the kitty litter box is in the spare bedroom's bathroom, and i have not been able to control the odor until now. i run the germguardian 24x7 and it eliminates the smell 100. the spare bedroom is now the best smelling room in my house. i am definitely getting a couple more of these guys.i have been running it a little over a week, so i cannot comment on the units reliability. i have my fingers crossed it will last a while.
these work great for their price. they exfoliate a perfect amount. not too soft, not too rough. they lather great. they do not last too long, but you get what you pay for  that is why i am assuming they are 4 in a pack.
nature's benadryl with no side effects! got to love it! it just works
i have plantar fasciitis and these do help some. i should say, i have a serious 7 year problem in both feet so it could be more helpful to someone with a lesser issue.
delicious.i have to watch a sugar lever.this is just perfect.i blend it with unsweetened milk.it tastes like a milk shake witha flavor.
it worked for me while cutting down hedges! has a pleasant smell and is very creamy. i love it!
it only removed a little bit, the newest dirt. i did it several times, followed instructions, left it several hours, and removed barely 20. mine was not even close as what they said, and it looks pretty bad still. the pink metal sponge braso did more in one scrub, that this in 7. i threw away the rack, and the rest. this is not worth it at all, a waste of 20.
the sponge heads at the store have a hole in the middle they all leak like crazy these do not leak they last about a month i use them all the time so that my be why they only last a month but i love them and will be buying them again!!
super cute, long sticks and they work!good value for 3 boxes.
my husband wears them to bed every night
this has a very nice cherry almond scent.  as soon as i opened the box, i instantly recognized the scent.  it did not spill or anything and i am not quite sure why the box smelled but it is nice.  i really like this brand.  this is not my first lotion from them.  this lotion absorbs instantly.  my one pet peeve is putting lotion on and having greasy hands.  i cannot stand it and over the years have thrown out expensive lotions because of it.  this absorbs into my skin instantly.  i am currently wearing a brace on my  knee and from all day wearing it, my skin is extremely dry when i take it off and i put this on and no more dry skin.  the pump is nice and works well.  if you put this on right after a shower, you will smell the cherry during the day especially if you sweat or get overheated.  i really like this scent and of course really like this lotion.  it reminds me very much of aveeno.  for a long time, aveeno was my lotion of choice.  it did not make my hands greasy and absorbs and it is a nice product but this one is just like it and for less.  i really think this is a great lotion.  if you do not like greasy hands or skin and like aveeno, try this one
this package is a good value and will last a long time
quick ship, i love this toothpaste but its hard to find sometimes. keep in stock and i sure will buy.
this mushroom supplement is probably one of least expensive ones i reviewed in a long time.  as of this review it costs  14.99.  i like the wide variety of mushrooms included and am always glad to see chaga mushroom included though i do not know how much of it is in this supplement.  i buy chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system.  all of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing i can find negative to say about it.
this is a very good product.
very thick and heavy duty. does not leak with a lot of liquid.
never again! totally ruined our mattress, even though i added more elastic to the straps, it is now very uneven and indented where the mat was placed. constantly shocked me. so much happier now that we took it off. had it on for 2 years...never again!!
i have never tried argan oil before, i always used the cheap crap oil from garnier or what not. i put some on my wet hair and it did not make it greasy at all my hair is super shiny and soft!
i have ordered these towels before from another seller.  same brand so it did not occur to me that it would not be the same towels.  these are not.  they have none of the genuine coarseness of the real towels.  i thought i was getting a bargain because i was getting four towels.  waste of money.
this hatteker mens electric shaver is the perfect travel companion  compact and lightweight, it will fit snugly in any carryon luggage or a weekend bag. the accessories include a charger and a small cleaning brush. the circular design is really cool and functional for travel. i probably would not use it for everyday home use, mostly because its small size would get lost on my sink counter, but it provides a crisp shave with low noise. it is a fun travel buddy to have around.
these reliable 1 laboratories crumble in your mouth before you can get a glass of water to your lips.  it took 3 swallows to get the grit washed down.  i detect no taste at all, which helps, but i wonder if there is actually any omeprazole in them,
returned it.  there was practically no fragrance at all. the automatic spray is great! not the wax.
these elderberry gummies are very near the top of my list of favorite elderberry gummies.  these taste very good but my main reason for liking them so much is that they include propolis, echinacea and vitamin c.  these do not have any zinc and i am glad of that because it seems like zinc is included in so many other supplements.  these gummies have about twice the amount of elderberry of many other gummies that i have reviewed and i have learned from experience what an incredible antiviral elderberry is.  i have not got sick at all this cold and flu season.
i broke the first aromyst i had by dropping it. i liked it so much i purchased another one instead of a different brand. i like the looks of the black diffuser as well as the options of a continuous mist or an onoff mist. i use it every other day or so.
not what i was hoping for. if information on ormus is correct then an electromagnetically sealed container is needed, but not included. it is hard to tell if there is anything other than water in this mix, but when i looked at it under a microscope i did see little bits of yellow that i assume were the gold content. if that is correct then the gold has recrystalized into a metal and would not have the same effect as intended. wish i had spent my money on vitamins or something that would have a definite effect.
this is my second time ordering. first time taking this vitamin. it was suggested to me by a herbalist that i am working with. i appreciate that it is plant based. i take one each night before bed. the benefits were noticed almost immediately. ; my body got used to it and my days are very balanced now. thank you!
great mat to help protect surfaces from heat damage. i usually set my curling iron to around 400 degrees and the mat shows no signs of damage what so ever. i should have bought one of these years ago. its flexible so it can be rolled up and stored away until you need it.
great buy for vaping use. i have used it for over a year now with no complaints.
i have super thick hair and a lot of it! everytime i curl my hair my arm gets a workout sitting there for minutes just to make sure my hair curls. .i have never had a wand successfully work until this one. i recently got the cool girl haircut medium lob and this wand is an essential!! it smooths my hair as well. no frizz and lasting waves!! very happy customer!
this is a nice pill box. very pretty but i do not like that the containers are not attached to each other.
uses all product instead of absorbing it. it does take more patience and blending but i love it! i do not feel dirty after using it!
only cotton swabs i can use due to cauliflower ear, and they work very well
package was a little beat, but colognes were intact.
this is a nicefeeling, smooth, nonsmelly lotion that does well on my 34yearold skin.  it is certainly not foundation, but it could stand in for a bb cream.  it does not appear that it would be waterproof  and, in fact, in a deep sweat it starts to run slightly, but i have this problem with many such creams.  overall, i would recommend.  as a reference, i would consider myself mediumfair, and the light is sufficient.
these are great! i got 160 wipes two years ago, and just now need more, and oh, no, the company that makes them is no more. i will try kimwipes, but oh my heart, i never knew i could love disposable microfiber wipes so much. they were phenomenal for cleaning my glasses.
the silicone is too slippery to hold soap. if you get the soap on your back, the silicone's too soft to exfoliate or even reward you with a back scratch. what you get is more like whipping and popping a dead octopus on your back.it is noisy ... you can hear it in the bedroom for gosh sakes.
love this product it really works
they are smaller than expected. i had to attach the two together to go around my leg. does not seem to be  a lot  of compression.
all as expected.
my sister uses this to cushion her toes on her injured foot.  she says this works very well.  i imagine it could be used for a lot of things.
bought these for blessings bags. they were perfect.
this was a really good deal.  i actually ended up with a couple types of dishwasher soaps small bags of them, stain remover, gain laundry soap, gain scent booster type product full size, and some more.  that was well worth the money  plus i got the full purchase price back in credit to use on other cleaning products which i took full advantage of!  i highly recommend this box!
is a zero rating possible. this egg is horrible. first off it sounds like a smoke detected siren. second it is jerry rigged inside and hot glued together. good luck hiding something inside it and it being food safe. also my visually impaired daughter is down right scared by this egg. will not recommend and would recommend the talking egg or chirping eggs from other sellers on amazon instead. and the price is outrageous
i like these face mask lanyards. they are perfect to attach your face masks to. you attach one end to each side of your face masks. then when you do not use your face mask, like for example if you are taking a break to eat or you are at a restaurant, you can then take it down and just hang it around your neck using this lanyard. no more leaving it on the desk, putting it over your thigh or anything like that. so much easier and better. especially when you are out for dinner i always struggle on what to do with it and this is the solution. or when you are driving in your car and you just need to put it away for a bit, this is the solution. these can also be used as ear extenders  ear savers meaning  the face mask is attached to the lanyard and around the head, relieving the pressure on the ears.i like it because it makes it easy to put the face mask safely away but close by and you do not have to put them down anywhere but instead they hang around your neck. in this pack you get 4 of them for just 16. these are definitely some of the more expensive ones out there and not sure why they are more expensive, because of the design?  i always keep some around since it is easy to misplace them and i just keep them on the various cloth masks i have in the car and so on so having a few of the on hand is very handy.
good price. focus is better. i like it.
all empty capsules are not equal.  these are far superior to other ones that i have had as these close perfectly every time coming out of a 100 capsule filling machine.  i have yet to have one fall apart and dump powder everywhere as i have had with other capsules.
returning this order i did not see anything good in this product. repeller? i does not repel anything. insects are still coming in.
first of all, i love the presentation of these. this would be a perfect gift just as is. the scents are all pretty nice, and i appreciate that they are not overly scented once dissolved in the bath. my bath water ended up quite vibrant, but i did not experience any tub staining. i am looking forward to using the rest of these.
unlike the plastic tubs, this canister looks good on the counter. yes, that matters to me. of course, what matters most is what is inside.in addition to type 1 and 3 collagen, there is whey and instant whole milk powder, which helps boost the protein to a nice 20 g.the chocolate tastes high quality, but then it is ruined by too much monk fruit extract as a sweetener. at least for me. i know a lot of people will appreciate the sweetness because this is a product you can mix in just water. as an aside, personally i would rather not have the oft used stevia either. if they insist on it being sweet, a bit of organic sugar would make it taste more natural, and i would not mind the extra calories. it makes a very nice hot cocoa type of beverage. even in water, it tastes creamy.another thing i like is that there is no plastic scoop hiding under the powder. thumbs up for friendlier packaging.something else to like is the bottom of the canister which has both the date of manufacturer as well as expiration date. that kind of transparency is greatly appreciated. it instills trust.
good to have for topical minor cuts.
tears easily.  if you wash your floss to reuse, you will not like this.
i have had this table a couple of years. cons it has a permanent 34;lean downward34; towards the center of the bed. also, one of the legs kept sliding down the button kept slipping instead of staying in the hole causing that side of the table to cave, and everything would fall off. my husband drilled a hole and screwed that leg permanently at the level of the other leg. if the manufacturer wanted to improve on the design, they could insert corner supports under the table top where it meets the legs. that could prevent the 34;sag34; or lean downwards towards the center of the bed. the other way it could be permanently improved would be to create the tabletoleg at about a 50 to 55 degree setting instead of the 45 degree which causes the sag. even placing diagonal metal supports from the legs to the table would keep the table up and horizontal to the bed. pros it is very easy to slide out and replace when you need to change sheets. the table top also has a 34;lip34; all the way around that helps keep items from sliding off the table. it is lightweight, easy to clean, does not rust we live on an island and you can place it closer to you or farther down the bed, wherever you want it without any trouble at all. if you do spill anything remember the lean? you have more time to mop it up because of the lip around the top.
nothing is listed on this product that it comes from china till you make your purchase. this is a china product. i believe amazon has the responsibility to let the buyers know why here products are coming from!!!!
love this set great art work and same amazing clipper.
the reishi really seems to give me a boost in energy! it is somewhat bitter, however, 14 teaspoon in a cup of coffee and it really is not that bad. i feel i am getting use to the bitterness. given the research, i am willing to put up with the bitterness for the health benefits.
i do like these clippers. wish they had one of those little metal bits to scrape under the nails. also, the catcher part works great but slides around a lot depending on how you hold the clippers, which is a big flaw. cuts well though! good medium size which i like!
was glad to see these arrive.these are made well and will be quite useful.the 510 threading goes way down through the center  i cannot imagine any rda, rta, or anything else with a 510 connector being too long to screw down into these threads and bottom out before it meets the base.  nicely done.the base does not come with any kind of antislip material stuck to the bottom, but it is machined out so you can attach one if you are so inclined.  i will measure this machined inset and look around for something close that fits with an adhesive backing, but even without it, it will be very useful for building on or storing an atty while something else gets some mod time.thank you for making these  they are priced reasonably enough that it will save me the timetrouble of making some myself.  these address a very practical need for any vaper that has a topper with a 510 connection  especially if it is a rebuildable.definitely recommend!
this flavor is great, and it mixes up really well. if you are sick of too sweet protein supplements this one is a great option.
free product given for evaluation  review this is a nice 4 ounce amber glass bottle of pure moroccan rosewater.  the amber glass bottle keeps the contents from going rancid as quickly.  rosewater is excellent for toning and refreshing the face as well as, for me, various household projects such as soaps and such.a few reasons i took this review from a five to a four.  the smell.  compared to another usda organic rosewater i have, the other brand is more light and refreshing.  smell for smell, i like the other one better.  on the skin, this spray actually feels a little heavy.  it makes me skin super soft, which is great, but it leads me to believe these is oil in it somehow, but what do i know?  my other rosewater, as well as rosewaters in the past, have been light, like water, and delicate in consistency.this seems to be a nice brand and i truly enjoy using it, but when compared to a like product which i love, this one falls slightly behind it.
this is the correct battery for my waterpik sr 3000 electric toothbrush, so when it died i assumed that replacing the battery was the smart move.  i have been soldering small electronics since 1968, and i correctly soldered the leads from the device to these very small tabs much smaller than picture would suggest.  i put the toothbrush on its charging stand and its flashing lights indicated it was charging.  24 hours later, the button on the device was still nonresponsive.  battery replacement is not a sure thing.
along with elbow grease, they polish off the nasty residue on cookware and kill soap scum in the shower, including the once impossible bumpy ridges on the floor of our fiberglass bathtub. these also work great to remove the sticky palm marks on the banister that seemed endless and almost impossible to get off. nothing is impossible with these dynamos! they wear through quickly when you really need to scrub, but they are still the best thing i have found to do almost any task. thankful.
there are many reasons i like these plugs. they are discreet, comes with me everywhere i go, and they work. when i put these on correctly, it diminishes ambient noise while articulating speech. i bought them after a hearing injury, and i wish i had these then. for the price, it is a great investment. the only downside has been knowing when they are on correctly without jamming them into my ear. i have used them a few times and am now getting the hang of them. when i am done, i try to clean them with soap and water, dry them off, and put them back into the canister.to you, informed shopper, if you do not end up buying downbeats, please buy a decent pair of earplugs today, if you do not have one. you never know when that next event, bar, club, lounge, party, or concert will leave you with irreversible damage.
this came right away, so no problems with the seller. i take lots of vitamins, but fear glaucoma since it is in the family, along with diabetes. the vision health supplement is a great way to prevent problems as well as to keep the ones that are present from getting worse. i got it free as a reviewer, and intend to use all of it. it seems as though it is beneficial, so i will likely be buying it when the free supply is gone.
these do not weigh a ton and take up a lot of space.at first i thought that the fragrance would be too strong, but it was just light enough to where it did not irritate my nose.so easy, as easy as a dryer sheet.cleans well.i had a conversation with a person in the waste management and recycling field once, and it was pretty shocking.i was under the impression that when you correctly place plastics to be recycled, they are.not so. he said that cardboard is, but only a fraction of the plastics in recycle facilities go to the next step.no big plastic bottle for laundry is fantastic.
do not fit my glasses
it is very cute idea! however when i received it some of the letters were coming off. also some of the letters are straight and some are crooked which drives my perfectionist brain wild. i think i will be able to fix them, but obviously i would prefer not to fix something i bought.
nice small tablet that is easy to swallow. no nasty aftertaste. very good addition to vitamin regimen. i have purchased these various times and will purchase again in the future
spring cleaning, major cleaning, this will hold up to 2 of the of other one. personally a better deal. still not sure it will handle the mold too well but there are cleaners for that lol i am impressed i have given some to neighbors
zip lock works well  will buy more
works well enough. i bought it so i will not annoy my wife when i vape in her car. wife not annoyed. daddy very happy. winning!
i like several things about these. they have the most beautiful natural smells. and just a couple drops in my diffuser. awesome
the blue color is darker than pictured but it will work nicely for my glasses. seems to be well made.
its a great invention and i hope it lasts.
these pain relief patches really do heat up, almost to the point of pain. you can stick them anywhere but i use them on my pelvis area when i am menstruating, they do help with the cramping, but are painful to peel off.
these are almost a buffing file not a fine sanding file. they work well as buffing but not so much for shaping.
not as tough or as strong as the original as seen on tv product. goes flat faster. good price. the originals last forever. these will last a while. they still help with plantar fasciitis. will opt for originals from now on. if you find the originals have too much height for you then these would be a great alternative option. seems to be a different type of filler material for pad. i would give originals 5 stars plus. these i would give a 4.
the medium worked for my smallish man's arm.  good quality and it should last.  use it before you need it for best results.
i bought this for my boyfriend as part of beard grooming kit i put together for christmas. he absolutely loves it! he uses it every day with the beard balm i bought and his beard is so soft now. a major improvement. he loves the way it feels and brushes his beard when we are watching tv, he finds it very relaxing.
the scrubby side is so soft, my cats love this all over their tender faces and necks.  esp my older cat!
first time use with this product gave my mouth a fresh clean feeling. the mint flavor is mild and pleasing. i felt no burning in my mouth or lips.  the gel is thick and i had to press the tube harder than normal, but after about a 2 minute brushing and then rinsing out with just water, my teeth felt clean and bright.  i like that it does not leave a gritty feeling after brushing and it did brighten my teeth color.  my opinion is the product was a good experience and i certainly recommend it.
great 6 packgets 5
very high quality product,. though i cannot say the same for the pump mechanism, which broke at the top after the first use. it was still functional...just a bit less so.the lotion is emollient and rich without being oily. the scent is redolent of apples, and it does not linger after the first few minutes.
these are a lightweight sock for summer, do not bind at top and are nice looking ribbed socks. they stretch very well so they are good for people with edema or sensitive skin issues. my dad's caregivers asked me to order more of these great socks for him!  and i have tried several other kindsbrandsmaterials!
very practical for cleaning between your toes. it does the job well.  i hope they make a longer handle someday.  i bought three.  recommended.
very quiet and yet very efficient. buy one you will not be disappointed
i really love these towels. there are 50 "cloths" per roll for a total of 150 "cloths" over the three rolls. the exterior design is festive. starting the roll is difficult because the first piece is glued on real tight. however, once i got the first piece off, i was good to go. i was able to wash the counter with these or clean parts of my cats' litter pans. they are strong and reusable. i do feel the current price of 17.99 19.99 minus 10 off is expensive. however, if these rolls last long and i can reuse more than several times, then it might be worth it because at the current discounted price it comes to .12 cents per sheet. only time will tell how long this will last.this would have gotten 5 stars if they were not so pricey. however, this might not be 5 stars for everyone. since it is a papertowel like "cloth," when it is wrung out it is hard to unravel. i found myself picking apart the squeezed out cloth.
i used this to clean and massage my face.  it works wonderfully.  i would recommend it.er
this is the best ever no lies to any caps to used amen
i have used this product for a little over a year. at first i really liked them. however, i started to have an ever increasing sense of doom and shortness of breath. i had pretty severe anxiety for about 3 months. one day, about 3 weeks ago, i ran out of these vitamins. i just did not start a new bottle. my anxiety slowly reduced and is now all but gone. i have not changed anything else so it had to be the vitamins.
great product! i needed it for halloween and definitely did not need this much, but for the price, id buy it again!
this is a nice scent reasonably priced. as far as it is attraction powers, men are nice when i wear it and i am often told i smell nice. so, its a good value and i like it fine.
these worked perfectly for my wall o'plants. the three designs are a cute addition, but not visible when there is a plant inside the ring. i am using them indoors so i cannot say what their durability is outdoors. pretty easy to install and the rings are solid. however, there were a couple of rings where the hinges were a little wobbly, but it does not take affect the sturdiness of the holders. did not use the supplied wall anchors as they were not that great. i had extra drywall anchors from other home projects that i used instead and i highly recommend you do the same. seriously, the anchors they provided are useless unless you plan on hanging faux plants that weigh next to nothing.
product is as described and come with clear instructions on the back side of the packet.  this product is for one application and must be used as soon as it is opened.
yep it is not the broom itself or even sweeping i hate, it is the dust pan!  i absolutely hate trying to wield a broom while bending over to attempt to get the debris into the dust pan  and it never fails i have to continuously move the dust pan to get whatever ended up going underneath it.  this dustpan is awesome!  its on a long pole well actually, 2 short poles screwed together, has a large capacity so it holds more debris and actually makes it to the garbage without a lot of it ending up on the floor before you get there.  very happy with this product.
bought this for my dad. he says it easy to use
glad i could get tissues in a timely manor
this tea is very yummy. i do not know if it has actually helped my ibs but it tastes good. the one complaint i have is it smells faintly of marijuanna... i do not know if that is normal because this was my first organic loose peppermint tea. despite the strange smell, it is definitly worth it.
this was ordered as a replacement for ours that had cracked. it fit perfectly and works perfectly.
previously purchased
apparently there is no return option for probably tastes like whatever my dog tried to roll in. this is unfortunate, because i am pretty sure this stuff tastes like ... feet, a, something equally nasty... whatever it is, its not the mint flavor i ordered, nor the citrusmint flavor i received. awful stuff, wish i could return it.
selling carrier oil with maybe a drop or two of the named oil. i purchased a three bottle set in a department store, does not have any aroma whatsoever!!!
when i clicked on this listing i assumed automatically that these bottles were glass. they look like and shine like the many other dark amber glass bottles i have in my cabinet and are not listed anywhere otherwise. in fact, i understood the 34;4 pound34; shipping weight as a confirmation that they were glass. this package was not even half a pound....i am unsure of what type of plastic this is as there is literally no labeling or info about product other than how to mix colloidal silver. i do not feel comfortable letting my daughter inhale out of the nasal sprayer in a plastic bottle. bpa or non bpa, plastic is not safe at all, let alone storing silver in it. you would think when dealing with those who use colloidal silver, they are already researching. they are looking for real products that work and are mindful of chemicals. plastic is a no brainer on my list of do not buys.i wish the seller would have provided a more in depth description that goes further then the, 34; 2 sprayers and 1 dropper for all your as soon as possible silver sol needs.34; that was provided.these will just be thrown away.the shipping was way too long, they charge a restocking fee for returned non damaged items and for 8 dollars total, i am ok with just throwing them away. though i wish i knew sooner so i would not have wasted so much time.i will just go buy an overpriced glass bottle set at whole foods.very unhappy with this purchase.
wore them out already. they were super comfy.
they are okay but i need more of an arch support
no flavor. easy to use and store. easy to digesthonestly, i feel stronger. belly flat..hopefully this is a great long time but.
this is a great quality nano geocache, with a strong magnet. the two geocache rainproof paper log rolls with metal roll ups in the middle are an additional great value.
i did not feel difference using these and for the cost i do not recommend.
i really like this product. i find the most apparent benefit i get is the added boost in energy. my hair has felt nicer since i starting taking this as well. greg customer service from their company has been a delight. would recommend.
bought this for my family. they like it and it is used regularly.
these are wellmade; however, they did not work for my problem of heel spurs.  well, i gave them 3 stars but changed it to 4 because they are better than i thought, at firstneed to use them with boots, like keens or some other bootnot sneakers or tennis shoes and not wear thick socks because these take up room in your boot.  i always buy my boots a half size bigger than i wear because i put inserts in them.  i have been using another inserts but i developed heel spurs so i tried other inserts out.  at first, i thought these would not work for me, but low and behold, once i placed them in boots with thinner socks, i have had nothing but foot joy and knee joy and hip joy while walking.  i would have given them a 5 star but they squeak a bithoping that goes away as they wear in.  recommended!
my husband has pollen sensitivity.  we put this on his side of the bed and he can definitely tell the difference in the air quality.
excellent. very nice and smells okay and i love it.
adequate for a product made in china. 13 life expectancy of original cane tips made in you.s.a.
they work wonderfully while i workout at the gym
this is a great product for pain. you do have to take it as directed by your practitioner. it is a safe product since you are taking fruit enzymes.
i think these balloons are pretty good quality.  mine did not have any holes like some other reviewers balloons did.  you only get one number per package of balloons so if you need two of the same number you will have to order two packages.  i used a mattress inflater to fill them but only used air  no helium, though i think they would look great floating.  they seem to hold air for a long time and the pink color is very pretty.
bought this for the bathroom that houses the cat litter box. works awesome and we do not even notice the smell of the litter box.
if mixed in pitcher of liquid the taste is masked,  if put in a small amount of water it tastes a little harsh.  i take it before bed and believe my sleep is enhanced.
but for what they are, these have packaging that is quite different than what i am used to.  i mean, most tissues are short, squat rectangular boxes or more square, upright boxes.  of course there are the little disposable ones that women like me carry in their purses, but i have not had any that are in a tube before.  i love that i can store one in the car by using a drink holder  so much easier than rooting in my purse for a tissue when i feel a sneeze coming on!  the packaging itself is pretty, me being a girlygirl kind of person, i do appreciate the colors and plants on it.  the tissues themselves are sturdy and soft enough that i feel confident that even when reaching for one to contain one of my "big" sneezes that i do have more often than i would like, i do not worry that the tissue might suffer a "crack" in keeping my explosive sneeze contained.  the only thing i noted here is that the cost is a bit high, but for a tube of tissues that fits well in the car, it is worth the price, at least to me.
i love this mustard and it is so good, all of them.  they are well worth the money and you will not be disappointed until the jar is gone and then you will be soooo sad.
i was not compensated in any way for the review of this product. i suffer from joint damage in both knees therefore i need a rise in my toilet seat so i can easily get up and down. guests to my home that do not have bad knees also state how much they like having the extra boost on the toilet. i had a different brand of toilet seat booster prior to this that had a much more comfortable seating portion,it was wider and was made of a better feeling plastic however after about two years of use the locking mechanism on that seat failed. this new seat is made of a  harder plastic that is not as comfortable and the width is not as generous  however the side screw is on the backside rather than the front side and the seat is much more secure, there is no wobble once that seat is fully screwed in. the screws are very easy to adjust with large wing nut typed screws that are also me made of plastic. that being said i do believe it will give me a good two years of use. i would recommend this product one star deducted for for the narrowness of the seat.
i do not know why i keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items i can review. i really cannot tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming. i assume they are healthy in some way so i dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies. i cannot even detect that the ayuforest karela powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and i cannot taste it. you do not get very much of it though and the package is small.  i guess if you are interested in karela powder you already know why you want it. i will just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
incorrect heading info. i could not find a place to click to tell amazon. these are totally for the polar opposite condition! and are for a high arch foot and not flat footno arch. which is awful info.from aetrex own website for this model insert "men's casual comfort medhigh arch orthoticsku  l600m" and the l2420m is for flat feet which my mom got for my son.
these scrubbers are great for all your dish washing needs.  the sponge scrubber combo is perfect for most hand washed dishes.  really gets the baked on food loosened and removed.  the sponge side works great for more delicate jobs.  if you have really baked on stubborn dishes the steel scrubber makes quick easy work of the mess.  so far these have held up really well.
it is just as advertised and easy to use.  the only con is the zipper protector metal is brass and makes your fingers have that brass smell; although it is a good reminder to wash your hands.  perfect for keeping children out of medicines although it could be cut with scissors by a determined person.  the zipper tab is of good size for all travel sized locks but i do not believe a school locker type lock would fit. the vinyl material is thicker than i expected and over all i would buy this again if i had a need.
this works. i did find it stretched my pants as it said it would. it does not claim to permanently stretch anything so it does exactly what it says. it does loosen your pants for a good days wear. if you wash your pants, they are going to shrink back. i would say my issue with use is being flat lazy. i forget to set it up so i am back to grumbling. best bet, buy new pants!
good size and sturdy
these were not cut out, took us a long time. looks so home made.poor quality
this is better than the clip that came with my case but it annoys me that it bends the clip when i clip it on anything that is not thin. i try to connect it to my thin belt but sometimes i clip it to my pocket or pants and it does this. if it was stronger metal is may not do this.
this is a lovely, small pendant that is very well done.the detailing is clear and the bale is large enough to accommodate most average chains.it is very comfortable to wear; you hardly know it is there and have to keep checking to make sure it is still there.on religious jewelry, i personally prefer a solid back; this has a hollowed out back. but the pendant has been finished off well and is quite attractive.
total waste of money.  does not work at all.
very soft and comfortable socks
the directions were confusing. the heating pad did not heat and there no instructions on where to put it even if it did work. garbage.
i am allergic to it. the smell irritates me.
great to have this box!
i got this for my husband's lower back pain.  when i first put it on his back all was well.  a few minutes later he was fanning his back saying it felt like lava.  we washed some of it off because he could not take it and he said it felt better.  i am not sure if i applied too much, but i used a very little amount to start with.  less than a pea sized amount.  after the inital lava stage he said it did cool and seem to numb his lower back area and was soothing, but that the initial skin melting stage was not worth the cooling after wards.  if you do not mind extreme heat, this would probably work for you.  we have used sombracream and icey hot extra strength with no problem... but those are nothing in comparison to this.  we received this product for a discount in exchange of an honest review.  my opinions are my own.
if arthritis runs in your family, you definitely want to get a jump on it before your joints start deteriorating. this supplement is excellent for joint support. it contains highpotency antiinflammatory ingredients. you will not feel a difference immediately, so give it time to work. i highly recommend this supplement.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
exactly what i expected.
i suffer from anxiety.  just took one of these capsules and  i am feeling so relaxed.  i recommend.
there are not many in a package so they seem expensive or i might get them again. they taste quite good, hardly different from almonds but smaller and maybe a light woody edge to them. as i got the "sweet" ones it really would not be possible to eat so many that they became toxic, but the package is so small probably could not eat too many of the bitter ones either, which seriously can be toxic and can even kill people. the notion that they have health benefits beyond those of the almond are absurd though  that they are sold even to cure cancer proves only there is a sucker born every minute. health canada warns that cyanide poisoning is a real threat and health benefits not the least likely. but the sweet ones have far too little of the chemical that breaks down into cyanide and the liver can clean that up in a jiffy.
sharp and easy to use
this thing is horrible. the bottom surface is very hard and lumpy. its like walking in the driveway and stepping on rocks. yuck. it has hard plastic rollers that feel awful.  i took them off but there is  hard plastic posts left. bad design.
this definitely works!! its very strong so do as the instructions say and take it with a good meal. when i take on an empty stomach or with a snack it makes me feel nauseous.
took first one felt good. after a week started getting super dry skin and thyroid actually swelled up. the only one seems to work for me was vitastrength.i tried this because of the great reviews. since back on vita thyroid not swollen and dry skin,weight getting better. i cannot recommend this in good faith.
i experienced a noticeable improvement in memory recall.
the fitbit aria has all the bells and whistles of a modern scale but it does its basic job of, correct and consistent weight readings, poorly. if you stand on the scale thrice in row, rest assured, you will have a different weight and body fat reading each time. who cares that those readings then sync up over wifi with your account.
everything was fine.
there is one very large and super soft mask in this package along with one small cloth carry pouch. this mask is wellmade and has a velcro adjustment in the back. since the mask is large, it blocks out all light. however, i am still able to open my eyes underneath the mask and not see anything. this is just wonderful and is very comfortable to wear. the quality is excellent and the mask is plush and cuddly soft.the current price of 12.59 13.99 minus 10 is pricey for one mask; however, if one is in the market for two of them, they are sold for a much cheaper price . also, the blue color on the amazon site is brighter than the one received which is more of a subdued blue.
very good product.  tastes great!
these make my mouthteeth feel like i just left the dentist. no pain, do not need to do cartwheels floss the cleaning is thorough and the price is right for 4 in the package.i highly recommend. as matter of fact, i am back to get a couple more packs!
pretty soft, and the price is good. but you can still find cheaper alternatives from costco or other stores
nice massager. sometimes it does randomly shut off, but it does get used a lot.
i really like the soft cloth at the head of the brush, no scratching anything i use it on. good sizes. seem like they will hold up well. recommend.
i used to have full blown type 2 diabetes before i started changing my diet and lifestyle and fish oil has been one of the supplements that i incorporated in my daily regimen. i have taken a lot of brands of fish oil supplements and the one from gloreyfeel is one of my all time favorite brands. it has high concentrations of omega per pill and it does not have that overpowering fishy taste when i take it.fish oil is beneficial to people who are suffering from various heart diseases, high cholesterol, depression, anxiety, ahdh, weakened immune system, cancer, diabetes, inflammation, arthritis, to name a few.  so start taking better care of yourself and incorporate this supplement in your diet!i received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. regardless, i only recommend products or services i use personally and believe will be good for others. i refuse to review or endorse products that i have not or will not personally try. needless to say, i may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things i say on my reviews are made up or fake  they are all based on my experiences with whatever product i am reviewing. i am just a regular consumer and i appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. my views and opinions are from a customerend users standpoint.
a little too stiff
enjoyed the ginseng, goes well with honey
great product, works great and i really good buy. i expected to get one tube and got three. this will last a long time.
i really love this pipe.
the bags are really thin plastic and seem like they will rip at any moment. i bought it for the footprint tissue paper and it is really cute
this is a great starter kit for someone new to wicca.  i only wish it came with a book rather than a booklet with print way too small for me to read.  now i just need to find a good book with large print about beginner wicca.
wash many times to get black coloring out. al.so socks waay too small.
i am hoping for the benefits claimed, time will tell.  i have used in several dishes and as far as i know, no one has exclaimed over the taste.  i am careful in amounts added and cautiously optimistic about results.
for a gift
my kids wear school uniforms khakis and polos, and they come home every day with oily black marks all over their clothes from the recycled tire pieces used as a base on their playground. additionally, they have the normal kid stains food, paint, dirt, etc. i have never used a stain remover before but figured that would be cheaper than continuing to throw away clothes.this arrived in the mail yesterday, and as luck would have it haha!, my daughter came home in khakis completely covered in black marks, so i got to test it right away. i followed the directions on the back of the bottle and treated the entire week's worth of uniform clothes so some stains had had a chance to set in. after one round through the washer, about 90 of the stains were gone. i did a second treatment on a few spots and rewashed everything, and those khakis i would have otherwise thrown out were completely stainfree when i removed them from the washer. there was also a white shirt from earlier in the week that had gotten paint on it in art class, and that came out completely, too. the only stains that did not come out were a spot that looked like it may have been from a sharpie and a grass stain; honestly, though, these could have already gone through the laundry once before and set in, so i cannot say for sure that this would not have worked on them.i did not notice this anywhere in the description, but this product does have a slight smell, kind of like baby powder. also, it leaves a soapy residue on anything you spray it on, and clothes required extra rinses to come clean.overall, i am amazed at how this took really tough stains out of clothes, and i am so glad to have found something that will save us from having to constantly replace clothing. because i went through about twothirds of a bottle on a single load, i think i will be buying this at target from now on since their website has it much cheaper.
can be used normally
my husband really likes these vitamins for what they contain as he is an avid runner and weight lifter.
this brush is not to brush your beard out.  this brush is to apply bear oil and balm. it does that awesomely.  i use it every time now to apply the balm i use, then i comb or use a stiffer bristle brush to do the actual taming of the beard.  unless you have got the worlds softest beard, or are using it under your belt this brush cannot comb out your tangles.it does a great job applying the balm to base of the hairs.
i live this new flavor! i have gastroparesis these definently help with the not normal nausea we experience from this condition
i absolutely love energetix products, especially the homeopathic formulas. i am so sensitive to supplements and foods and it was hard to find something to support my lymph during my healing journey. lymph iii has been amazing. i am so happy i have found their products.
my only non drug solution for a bad headache...works every time...
just as described. works great.
this massager works great to get out the kinks in my neck.the only thing i would change would be if i could adjust the straps. i have longer arms and when i am using the massager on my neck my arms are at an uncomfortable level. otherwise it was well worth the money.
reishi is widely used in eastern medicine. it is a qi vital energy tonic that has multiple benefits including cardiovascular health, immunity, stress management, increased energy, and sleep support. i like this particular product because it is organic and sourced from whole food. i highly recommend it.
does not seem to work any better than othercheaper products i have used it takes the paindown about half, but does not seem to last longa couple of hrs at most. i  have not had it long so we will see how it goes. so far it is over priced.
this is a slab of generic foam covered in a nondescript and not particularly comfortable fabric. it is on the short side. so if you are tall like me, it provides no thigh support, like sitting in a chair with a tiny seat bed. the slope keeps your thigh and butt muscles from relaxing because you are at an odd angle. it is going back.i also tried the coccyx cushion from living better tools httpsmile.amazon.comgpproductb00ygc7s1c. it is larger and quite thick. it is contoured to fit your legs and has a nice nonskid rubber backing to hold it in place. it costs a bit more. but it is a much better product, as long as your chair adjusts to accommodate the fact that it is 534; high.that said, body shapes are different. perhaps you will love this one. i did not.
this did not work as advertised. my glasses still fog just as before.
best stain remover ever.  when my dog lifted his leg on the floor, it also hit the drapes.  i sprayed with dreft and it did not leave a stain. this also happened on my bedspread.  i use it on all stains including coffetea that gets splashed on the furniture.  ps.  got rid of the dog.
this product is great quality and the multi purpose use of having an activated charcoal has been a bonus.i use this product for a pretooth paste.having it on hand for a possible poison event was a good addition to the prepper suppliesmedical kit.
what i likedproduct has a nice amount 100mg of coq10plus 100mg of dalphatocopheryl vitamin eboth ingredients have many health benefitshaving some heart issues, i take coq10 every day!
i could tell with only wearing the iasulet a short period of time that it has plumped my skin. i use it with a moisturizing cream and use rose water spray. love this skincare product!! will 100 repurchase.  love the size! what a fantastic savings!! happy customer. d
they were the perfect christmas gift for my mom!she loved them! the fit was great for her skinny chicken legs.  quality was good and as expected.
looks great on my desk at my car dealership!
works great best price very happy
cannot use. too hard to spray. would have to use both hands. cannot aim. dissapointed
i do not know if these work as described. there was an offer for a free bottle with review, which made me not trust any of the reviews and hesitant to try it. i returned.
very difficult strapping on the harness. of note is that females were used to model the harness and perhaps it is geared more toward a smaller head.
i am a fan of method cleaning products. i have been using the method all purpose cleaner for several years now. i was trying to reduce the chemicals used in my home. one of my favorite things about the method products, is the scent. this one has a light, apple scent which smells really nice. i have a stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. this cleaner does a pretty good job of removing finger prints, but i have not had much luck with removing the water drips on my refrigerator below the water dispenser. the only thing that i have had any success with getting rid of those is the bar keepers friend stainless cleaner. but now with this cleaner, i can use this for frequent touch ups on refrigerator and overall on the stove and dishwasher and use the other cleaner for the water drip marks.
works great on unwanted dark air etc. this one is a large size jar. fantastic seller. it is a nice mild formula. i have light sensitive skin. with this product i have never had any issues.
compared to other offers on amazon there is not any comparison.  these pads are great. they suck up the liquid and makes my life easier.  i tried others and agree they are like using a paper towel.  try them you will not be disappointed.
gobble gobble gobble   the best!!!
on our farm, there are loads of dirty jobs that take their toll on nail and hands.  these gloves are great  they fit close enough that they do not get in the way of most jobs  we use them in the kitchen  and in the lavender barn, moving plants around, watering, sprinkling fertilizer  everything! we like that they have long arms, to protect long sleeves.  they are very sturdy and strong and we have not lost a pair yet!
i have been actively using this product for now and ill probably never stop. it is just that good eyebrow and facial hair trimmer. painless hair remover is simple to use remove the cap, slide the switch on and gently press the head of the unit flat against your skin. continue making small circular motions to remove any unwanted hair. best part, it does not hurt and does a great job removing the hair quickly.
lid not sealed. when i shake it to clean out, water droplets go everywhere. but the translucence is good; can see through to see volume without having to see the pee.
tasted way to horrible to keep down i tried taking it three times every time i did i threw up and had bad heartburn and kept burping the flavor which was disgusting.
i really like persil, but i was expecting a original german product. it does not say it in their description, so i do not want to give 1 star, but i wish they would note somewhere that this is not original and is coming somewhere from eastern europe. i cannot even read the information on the package, especially for the fact that the price is expensive and i only paid so much since i expected original german product. i wonder now if it does wash the same way and as clean as the original?
these work very, very good on my back for my fibromyalgia. its hard to find this kind that has the heat instead of the lidocaine.
what a great amount of free items! finish is great left my dishes so clean! gain made my laundry smelling so good! wisk cleaned my laundry and many other!
this is by far one of the best tools i have used for my feet when i give myself a pedicure. a must have !!!
bought this to drown out my husbands snoring and numerous other noises coming from the house at night.  i cannot say it really masks the snoring that much but it does help with outside noise from other rooms or outside.  all in all it does help me sleep better.  it gets the job done.  i. like that it is super compact and fits right on my night stand with plenty of room.
i do not get the hype. after using this brush for 2 months i have decided that life is too short to use an inferior tool.i expect some shedding with a natural brush. i do not expect it to still be a daily issue after 2 months. the tangle in the bottom of my bowl was initially a bother and now i am over it. i clean out this mass every few days but unfortunately a fair amount of soap gets cleaned out too, so my soap does not last as long as i would like.if you are the kind of guy who counts pennies or just likes to use a wellmade product, make sure you add the cost of a replacement brush to your budget. i hate to throw out anything before the end of its life cycle but this brush is too frustrating to continue to use. i am moving on.i give the product 1 star and the seller 1 star for outstanding communication. without his excellent followup this would be a 1star review.
fabulous, would buy them over and over again!  barely feel them, good looking, scojo rules!
good probiotics are pricy and this is worth it. eazy to take no taste put it in my drink first thing in the am.
these make wearing a face mask a lot more comfortable as they hold the masks off your mouth so it is easier to breathe. they are made from thick plastic that is long lasting and can be washed with soap and water or heat sanitized easily. comes in a three pack that is well packaged and protects them from dust and dirt. they are a must have for anyone who  has difficulty breathing when wearing a mask. great value
i did not help me with milk supply but i am still taking it for general health.i like it. great price and good product.
broke after a week of use
i have not used it that long but the ingredients and strength were what i desired
i really love these b12 gummies and i do feel more energy taking them. in the past i did not really enjoy taking vitamin pills. taking gummies that taste good makes it so easy to make it a habit.  at this point all the vitamins i take are gummies. really happy with these.
i actually have not tried this myself, but got it as a gift for my brother in law because he loves this stuff. hes really picky about his diet and hes very strong so it must be pretty good stuff.
just received it today. have used it twice already. it is amazing. it really feels good. strong massage without being too much. the heat is just right.  so far i am in love with this little dynamo
these gloves are really cute, i love the pink fingertips.. and both the flocked and unflocked pairs are very easy to slide on and comfortable.  the sizing does run a bit large though, you might consider sizing down if you are between sizes.unfortunately, the unflocked pair of these gloves has pretty poor puncture resistance compared to the gloves i usually use playtex nitrile.  my fingernails punched through the unflocked pair the second time i used them and i was not being particularly rough with them.the  extra material in the flocked pair seems to offer better durability but i prefer the feel and dexterity of the unflocked pair.
tasty protein bars. hard to decide which flavor is best.
they have some good options, but for a fast lunch when not so hungry, these are very tasty, with no chalky protein taste.
its okay. the rods are not very long so it feels like you are shoving the entire thing in your ear. it also came in a huge shopping box. i am talking a shoe box big enough for a pair of winter boots. total waste!
not used as intended. we used to repierce holes that had grown over on the back side of my ear. she was not impressed with the sharpness when used manually but the worst was the reaction by one of my ears. not sure if it did not like the material this is made of but that ear has still not healed in 3 weeks. not infected just still very sore.  .
order came with missing parts i find out after my friends order from different seller. hookah should come with cleaning stuff but this one is not. also glass base is not tight very lose
this product in size 14 was big enough to cut down to the size i needed for an exact fit
these work awesome on everything listed on package. you do not need cleaner with it , great for anyone with allergies!
fits great around the belt.turn off smell.but once you get passed that odor one way or another, it is good to have in your bmw.
i have been having problems with my stomach so someone suggested i try this. i tried it today, mixing it with some dasani water enhancer added to a 14 cup of water.  it does not taste bad at all this way. so, so far so good.....  i will report back on whether it is helping my stomach and if there are any side effects.  thanks.suwanee
i was more hopeful to have a disposable cup that was better quality.  it is ok, nice black color but more "flimsy". i would not order again.
i have very dry and cracked skin on one foot. i have been using zim's for about 20 years, it is the only thing that helps me. it actually heals the cracks. i have tried all of the usual remedies such as vaseline, olive oil, coconut oil and everything else you would think of. zim's is the only product for me.
cover fits well and allows me to wear the phonak under my shirt and protect it from the moisture when i am working and perspiring.  only thing i do not care for is that cover must be pulled back to insert the charging cord.  but, that is a minor inconvenience.
this has d3 that is called the sun vitamin, and is its good for our bones.as we get older we do not absorb vitamins as good, and alsothe sun. although too much sun can cause cancer of the skin.before taking d3 you should get tested toactually know how much you need.i now need to take 10,000 mg of d3, and i live in california andgarden everyday.the k2 mk7, and mk2 in this takes the calcium fromyour arteries to your bones and teeth that keeps the calcium from cloggingup your arteries, although i likethe k2mk4 better, but that one is pretty pricey.now i notice there is k1 in this which surprises me!k1 clots your blood, and many people take a baby aspirinto thin there blood a bit for there heart as they get older, so i feel that k1would defeats the reason for taking a baby aspirin.if any one takes any type of a blood thinner they should not take k1 at all,or talk to your dr. first.i am only giving this a 2 stars because of the k1 in this.
look at the way these came ... i have to straighten them  out! i do not even know if they are going to taste like because looks like they have been in some ways back office or store room for a while forgot for sure i will upgrade this when i get that information
it is so easy to use and works well. the recharging is quite fast and works for several times before it has to be recharged. i really like it.
this oil is amazing. i mix a various oils and make my own facial nourishing moisturizer
this silk face mask is nice against my skin and it does a great job of keeping out the light because of the lower strap. there are two adjustable straps. i had to adjust mine to be as wide as possible. the mask still fits me tightly and because of this, it keeps the light out, completely. excellent materials and workmanship!
worked great the first 2 times and now its dull and does not really work. waste of money
nice product fast shipping great on neck and head , after a year still working well just noisy ..
if you have a teen ager, this is way cheaper than acne cream
in september i purchased one of these. it worked as it should for two weeks, approximately 15 hours total use. on day 15 when i turned it on it had only half the brightness and a blackish film coating the inside of it. i messaged the seller, light bulbs international and they were kind enough to send me out a replacement. the replacement worked out great for exactly 7 days. today, day 8 the replacement bulb went bad and developed the same blackish blue film inside it again! after approximately 20 minutes the bulb just went out. i removed it from the fixture to find that one of the filaments had broken. see pictures attached. this is so frustrating! perhaps these bulbs are just old stock or from a defective batch. its not my fixture. i had been and am using now a ge bulb that i purchased at my local hardware store that works without issue. as of september 2020 do not purchase these bulbs!  they are defective! these sylvania bulbs used to be the best. i have used them for many years and each one lasted several years. the bulbs here are junk!!!
a friend of mine recommended this product patriots power he asked me to try it for a week or two see what i thought it stopped all my in between meals snacking i went from 44 to 36 jean and i am down to 213 from 254 lbs
my dog is allergic to fleas and this helped him very much and he did not even mind the smell of the cedar.  me  i do not really like the smell but i love the results.  no tick bites this year!
my grandmother swears this works. she gets terrible charlie horses. this is probably the 9 bottle i have bought for her over the years. very little smell even with the strong ingredients.
helps with the hungries.
original post  on time and as described.original post is true enough but will add that they are very roughly textured.  thought they would soften somewhat with use, but they do not.  not buying again.
a little rough on edges
did nothing to help me sleep.
i like the wide variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see chaga mushroom included though i do not know how much of it is in this supplement. i buy chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. all of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing i can find negative to say about it.
i have allergies so these are great for folks who need to blow their nose ...... a lot.
really helps my allergies, will be ordering more.
so i normally do not take the time to write a review like this but after having purchased this product as well as anothernaturez ayurveda joint pain relief for my wife to help her with ongoing pain issues in her knee i found that it, in fact, worked for her at least from what i was being told.when i injured my shoulder i thought to try it before taking medications and let me tell you it worked so well i nearly forgot i had an injured shoulder at all for hours it lasted about 4 or 5 hours.this will be a product i will be going to first when i have joint pain to be sure.
what i like about this product is it comes with a teeth whitening pen and a desentizing serum esp for sensitive teeth like mine. the strips sticks well with the gums and there is a cooling effect. the results are comparable with the branded ones. i was confused though with how often you get to apply it. it says full 14 days treatment so that would mean 14 days consecutive days.
i bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. i started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. i also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. i would highly recommend this for many reasons.
i had high hopes for this item, but it did not go well from the start.  as it says in the information sent with the device, this is not a hearing aid, and if you have problems with your hearing then you need to contact a doctor.  honestly, if you think you need an item like this, then that is exactly what you need to do.  you need to contact a professional so that you can get some "real" assistance.this device is marketed to "baby boomers", of which i am one.  but this is a very "challenging" device in many ways.  many "baby boomers" and most "seniors" would never be able to set the device up. . . much less be able to operate it once it is all pluggedin.  this is the reason the "jitterbug" cell phone was created. . . . keep it simple!!!  this device is anything but simple, especially for those for whom it is supposed to be geared toward. most "seniors" do not want. .  need. . . or desire "fancy gadgets" with lots of buttons.if this item were 59.95, then i would give it higher marks. . . but. . . it is not!  it is many times that, and not worth it!i was able to set it up without too much difficulty, but i know many of my friends would have simply left it in the box.  even if someone had their child or grandchild set it up for them, they still will be "lost" as to how to operate it.three of the functions  modes, i just do not "get".  if you need a headset for a telephone, then you can get one very inexpensively.  no need for this.  if you have trouble hearing people, and carrying on a conversation with someone, then you probably need to see a professional about having your hearing tested and acquiring a "real" device for assistance.  i do not know anyone who wants to walk around with what looks to be an "odd" mp3 player with earplugs to talk to people.  the third function, of playing "sounds" is just kind of annoying.  at first i thought it might be nice. .  but. .  i was listening to what i would call "waves". . . it is obviously on a "loop" playing the sounds over and over. . . but. . . there is a "beginning" and an "end". . .  so when the loop finishes, it is not a smooth transition to start playing again.  you notice where it "ends" and then "starts" again.  personally, this is very annoying.  it should be a seamless loop.now for the one function that does indeed work, and i actually like. .  .. watching tv.  once you set it up, you can actually listen to tv and it works just fine. i like this because i live in a condo, and though the walls a quite thick, i still do not want to turn the tv up too loud, and there have been times when it would have been more enjoyable to have a headset like this.  granted, there are a few "issues" with this also.  first, it will work with just one tv, because you have to run a cord from the tv to the base of the device.  second, the information shows that the battery will last about 6.5hours in tv mode.  granted, that is a bit of time, but if it is a weekend, and you want to watch a lot, it still might not be enough.  it takes 5hours to charge the device as well.  also, if you have the earplugs in to watch tv, then if you have other people around you, you are probably not going to be able to "socialize".  you are either going to be watching tv with the earplugs in. . . or . . . not have the earplugs in and "socializing".  also, the earplugs are not all that comfortable.  i am assuming i can use other earplugs or earphones i find more comfortable.  i have not tried that yet, but i am "assuming" it will work.but even though i like the tv part. . . . there are much less expensive and better options, if that is really what you are looking for.  i did a search on amazon.com and there are some great options. . . . a lot less expensive. . .  . and cordless!!!!
good shears, they are more greenish neon yellow than the picture describes
i have been using this for several years and was happy with this product until last week.  for some reason, when i put in my contact lens,  it the heck out of my eye hydrogen peroxide did not convert  but also about a one inch long line on my skin just outside my eye. it burned my skin!  i have decided to research and find a different, safer product.  i did not purchase this product through amazon, but am looking at reviews of others concerning this.
get ready to progressgag. this stuff is rancid but effective af. kid you not though, it is inedible. i put a shot of water in it and just throw it back and chase it with a spoonful of peanut butter. the price of beauty....
these fit in my cloth masks very well. filtered out allergens and did not because my glasses to fog. i need more so just waiting for a restock.
i lve this style of back scrubber, not just for my back but for the back of my legs and even the bottoms of my feet.  i highly recommend them, especially if you are not as physically limber as you used to me like me.
i am forever putting my glasses down and covering them up when i am working, so i am constantly searching for my glasses when i could be working! these are a great buy for a set of three different colors, and are well made. no more losing my glasses!
i was told by my boss at a dry cleaners that this is the domestic version of the commercial stain remover he uses in his process. you cannot believe the results he gets! after running out of the bag he gave me, i tried this formulation. it takes considerably more, but is worth it. it removes stains of all types and whitens beautifully. best results are achieved by using hot water and giving a soak. but it will also work in lower temps.hint run an inch or two of water in your bathtub. add some biz and detergent. soak. squeeze, do not wring, do not drain, and then wash in a normal wash. i do heavy stains overnight, then lesser ones in the same water. this removed blue shampoo from a white cotton shower curtain that was marked cold, hang to dry! that saved me the cost of replacing the curtain.
a nice basic moisturizer that absorbs like a dream and keeps skin plump. i mix it with cicaplast to moisturize mature skin and heal mild acne overnight. could be used as an eye and neck cream. the product comes in a large tube and is unscented. clean and effective.
blends great, very subtle flavor. i have used it for smoothies, but when i realized it does not taste awful, i started using it to cook toastersized protein pancakes to store in my freezer.
this facial scrub is chunks of cacao nibs and the hydrating mask. the pieces of nibs are so large they mostly just hurt my face, its like rubbing pebbles on your face. the hydrating mask feels very nice, but i cannot get over the pebbly nibs.
i cannot directly  say how good this  works since  am nursing, i did not  realize it is not for recommend  for anyone  nursing or pregnant. but i have been giving it to my  son who is a picky eater and my sister  takes it and she claims it is been helpful  to her stomach. i have also noticed  less constipation in my son.for the benefits this gives the price is good.
i already have the lower leg protector and can vouch it is an excellent product and really keeps your cast or dressing dry.  i sent this one for the arm back because it is the same exact thing as the lower leg product.  if all you need is protection for the handwristelbow  do not hesitate to get it.
they are filling
it was not a pleasant experience for him or me. he had been doing keto with me and did not eat anything other than meat. of course he got gout. because i eat a lot of protein rich foods, i like to have this to break down the uric acid. i have not had gout and do not intend to get it. so i keep well hydrated and use supplements like this. the minerals are great for you and you will feel better.
these fit very well. they do reduce noise, but also muffles sounds you want to hear. definitely just a reduction, not full hearing protection.
does this product actually help? yes, i believe it does. how much of it is the placebo effect? i do not know the answer to that question, all i can tell you is that i did feel some of the benefit that this product claimed.it is not a huge investment, and i am of the opinion that when it comes to things like this, they cannot hurt and could very well help. keep in mind that every person's body is different.wishing you the best of luck on your health journey.
i bought this twice. the first time it was so clumpy. the second time still had clumps but way less, i think the first bag was older, the new bag fresher. i used this 23x daily as a poultice for about 6 weeks and my 9mm displaced fracture was fused 7 weeks post break. i used it in combo with the homeopathic symphytum, 1 pellet in my water daily. great product but so so clumpy.
this is a cute sugar bowl. does not take up much space but looks pretty good. the spoon is small but just the right size.
nice dose amount of over 400mg of saw palmetto with 2.5 elderberry.  this is a slight blend that the bottle label recommends one a day.  that is easy for me.  the other thing that is nice and easy is the clear bottle.  now, i can see how much i have left.  wish every bottle was clear!!!no fillers too and easy to swallow with liquid.trust you found this review honest and helpful
i think these sticks must be made out of some kind of root. at least, that is what they feel like. i do not like the smell or taste of them, but they do work well to clean the teeth...at least the front teeth. i had a hard time getting the "brush" on the back side of my teeth. if you like these miswak sticks, they do work very well to clean the teeth, and i did feel they helped my gums in the process.i went online and searched for more information and found out that dogs can chew these sticks, too, and it will help clean their teeth. so i gave the sticks to my dogs, and they happily chewed them until they were gone!
excellent oil! i put it in my coffee every morning!
we love dreft, and this product helps with the tough stains! we have used it on everyone is clothes and i am so pleased with the results. it works well when used with the detergent.
even though it smells like old cheese it provides the essential butyric acid that becomes deficient in older people.
excellent product and a really great value.
no side effects. not too large and a fairly neutral taste. high quality ingredients for added nutritional insurance to a person's diet.
this seems to work fine for making ejuice. came sealed in a sturdy bottle. slightly sweet. i will be buying more.
this is a unique blend of plantbased protein with antiinflammatory ingredients like tart cherry and turmeric. it is very low in net carbs and is ideal for anyone on a keto or diabetic diet. the vanilla cold brew flavor is delicious!! i like this as a postworkout recovery drink. i highly recommend this product.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
this dvd, which bills itself as a "30 day body transformation," basically offers strength training exercises plus cardio and nutritional tips.  it features two brothers, craig and matt lewandowski, who present the information as well as the workout.  according to their flabs 2 abs web site, "learning does not have to be boring," so the lewandowski brothers provide their advice with humorfor example, they are wearing chef's hats during the "nutrition" segment.the main menu for this dvd reads as follows  introductionnutritioncardioweight trainingthe introduction is a quick lt;1 minute overview in which craig and matt explain that viewers will see results in just 30 days.  cardio is also a short segment 1.5 minutes, as it consists solely of the brothers explaining that high intensity cardio is not necessary for their program.  rather, they maintain that the "secret" to fat loss is low intensity cardio performed at a comfortable pace; they recommend 20 minutes in the morning and again in the evening to start.nutrition has its own submenu consisting of introductionnutritionexamples.  during the 5.5 minute nutrition segment craig and matt outline their nutritional plan, which includes the following components5 meals per dayprotein at all 5 mealswhole grain carbohydrates at first 4 mealsvegetables at every meal are okay, but watch serving sizes and no starchesfats limited to 1 serving of "good" fat per mealboth fruit and dairy limited to 1 serving per day; may need to be lessno sugar, trans fat, empty carbs, or alcoholthe weight training also has its own submenu.  during the introduction, craig and matt explain that there are 6 different muscle groups although there area actually seven, including abs, with the goal of working a different muscle group on each of six days and then resting on day seven.  i have listed each of the muscle groups as they appear on the submenu below; i have added in approximate times as well as a list of the exercises included in that segment.note  for each muscle group, the two brothers are performing the exercises to music, but there is no verbal instruction.  in addition, quite a bit of equipment is required for these exercises, including a weight bench, several sets of dumbbells, and a pullup bar.  with the exception of the abs exercises, 810 reps are usually performed of each exercise, with 30 second rest periods inbetween sets.abs 7 minutes1020 reps of each exercise.  bicylces  ins  outs  frankensteins  scissors  vups  pulseups  touch dem toes  miss thang  macho manchest 7 minutespushups  incline press  incline flies  2nd set of allshoulders 10 minuteswarmup shoulder press  shoulder press  side laterals  front dumbbell raise  front shoulder press  2nd set of all except warmupbiceps 12 minuteswarmup curls  curls  hammer curls  wide curls  twenty ones  2nd set of all except warmuptriceps 5.5 minuteswarmup tricep overhead extension  tricep overhead extension  skull crushers  2nd set of all except warmupback 16.5 minutespullups  standing rows  wide pullups  lawn mowers  chinups  dumbbell dead lifts  multigrip pullups  2nd set of alllegs 12.5warmup squats  lunges  squats  calf raises  invisible wall squat  2nd set of all except warmupthe final section off of the main menu, extras, includes tipskeeping it offexamplesouttakes.although the lewandowski brothers make an effort to be funny and engaging in this dvd, to me, they came across as goofy and downright silly at times.  some men might enjoy their antics, but i simply cannot see these two appealing to a female audience.  in fact, this entire dvd clearly seems more geared to men, from the weight loss success stories shown during the introduction to the majority of the examples give.  plus, the exercises themselves place the most emphasis on the areas on which men tend to prefer to focus, including the back and biceps.  male exercisers looking for a nononsense overall diet and exercise approach may appreciate the relative straightforwardness of this dvd, but i think that the appeal to others is likely to be quite limited, and for that reason, my final rating is 2 12 stars.
so at times it does not take a reading but i have found it accurate now after a few days in a row of confirmed ketosis. sometimes you just have to wait and try the reading again, but i think for the price, it is a good deal!
this is a very nice product, put together with care and consideration. i even got a crystal i never heard of, a lionstone which is like a more solidly covered tigerseye with a wonderful shifting gold layer, ah i love it. the whole set is great and the pamphlet accompanying also very nice. the only complaint really is that the little set of stones are not identified and explained. it is still a pleasing purchase though, the bags are adorable too
the top strap is far too small to even get over my head so the brace is useless. i have purchased others that are very good but this is not. i am keeping it for the cages, extenders and filters but the brace is useless.
bottle lid was broken . other than that, good product.
use these to brush my infant son's teeth.  they are soft, they clean well and he loves to chew on them.
i use two bags to get thegood flavor. will continue to drink this tea. works in the infuser as well.
this thing is life. hits all my spots.... unlike most men and their girlfriends... man i am snarky af
i would carry the flat piece in my purse to apply under my puffy eyes from allergies and when visiting family who live in a metropolis full of smog car gets covered in filth from the residual smog. really helped my fiance when he went through coffee withdrawals, too.
yummy mix it with kodiak mix
i doubt i would use this body brush in the shower, because i think if it gets wet it is going to be more likely to lose bristles, but as a dry skin brush it is awesome! it is comfortable to hold, the handle wrapping ensures a good grip, and it is long enough to be able to reach your whole back or all the way down to your feet without being so huge it is unwieldy for doing your arms and front torso.if you have never tried dry brushing, you should. it is stimulating to your skin, helps remove dead flaky skin better than wetshowering does, and has a number of benefits for health. google it! one thing dry brushing is good for is to help open up the skin to allow ingrown hairs like i have on my legs from using an epilator to surface.this brush, which i received at a discount in exchange for my honest review, will hang on the side of my vanity to remind me to pick it up and do a little dry brushing while i am otherwise occupied...a great multitasking habit to get into.
magnets feel out after a few weeks but did help the soles
cheap, poor quality. it did not fit my 1930's claw foot tub faucet and  broke when we tried to replace the the faucet connector with one that did fit.
this is probably my 4th walker.  because it is lighter than the other walkers i can turn it with one hand. because of the smaller wheels, it is easy to maneuver it in the house. i would recommend it.  it also folds up easily.
on time and as described
good quality. product as described and looks as per photo provided.
i have been using this for almost 10 years now.  i love it.  just wish the price would be more reasonable.  it is terribly expensive for such a small amount.
tart cherries are credited with easing inflammation, accelerating muscle recovery, and  easing insomnia. i much prefer nutriceuticals to pharmaceuticals. these capsules are easy to swallow and the user is to take up to three a day with meals. i have been taking them and cannot say i have noticed any impact, good or bad. however my mother, who suffers from arthritis, and my brother, who has a chronic knee problem, both reported noticeable improvement. they have been taking one capsule a day. my brother now forgoes his advil for this supplement. tart cherry juice is an expensive, acquired taste. these capsules are a cost effective way to reap the benefits of tart cherry without fuss or muss.
this collagen protein powder is so nice! my wife mixed in with her coffee and barely noticed a taste from it! it dissolves perfectly too! no lumps! if you sniff the container upon opening you notice a slight smell to it, but its light and not overpowering. this stuff is great!
these fit as expected and fit well.  they are snug as to be expected with compression socks.  the color and style are cute. they wash well
in overall quality these are one step below foster grant folding glasses.
first time user. it took me a while a find out how to assemble them. after some adjustments i find a way to use it. and it does helps relieve my neck pain.
love these easy multitasking bleach tablets. beats carrying home a big old jug of bleach.walmark has been out of them since pademic hit and was so glad to find hear.
i absolutely love all of the different scents in this big set!! all really good quality scents and work great in my diffusers! my house smells just amazing with these!
truly the best..tried megsorb and all..this wins it all..
it is soothing and somewhat long lasting. the scent is really what i expected.
great way to get vitamin c that is not from cornbased crap.
they work, they will cut a penny and get you naked fast enough. the black paint will come off if scraped, but they were pretty affordable, look cool and they do what they are suppose to. i feel comfortable having these on the rig with me.
i am not keen on this.  i love perlier products and have used two others in the past.  but this honey liguria does not have much of a scent.  i like these bath creams scented.  i have been tempted to return it, but then , it does leave the skin soft and smooth.
these are my favorite tissues. the cube box is always better than the rectangle! these are soft and have a simple box that is not too distracting.
it is exactly as pictured and described. i cannot find any fault in the container.
the size said it would fit a size 10 which i am but these were to small, they were tight i did not use them. they were cheaply made dr. scholls could have made something more comfortable.
ordered thus as it is supposedly helpful with joint pain. then found out is not good for me as i am on a blood thinner. check with your dr. before taking.
so a couple of things i noticed i did this on a day where the back half of the house was in full sun and the front was in shade. the windows in the back were super hot and the crystals from this started showing instantly and seemed to come out better. so people with poor results on this might try heating up the window with a blow dryer first or something if it is cold out. the front windows still did decent, just took them some time to dry and the crystals to show up.i can say from experience do not overdo it all at once on a window! if you do then you will get runs in your crystals and it detracts from them a bit. so lightly spray the window and let it dry for a bit and once it is dry to touch, decide if you need to follow up with another coat.pro tip, if you want it to look professional then use a piece of cardboard along the edges as you spray or tape all of your window trim with masking tape before spraying this. especially around darker window frames. if you have white window frames then it probably would not be an issue. i have dark brown aluminum frame windows and the over spray of this looks kind of junky. it does wipe off though so i just have to find time and go out and wipe the edges down for a cleaner look.overall i am truly amazed by the frozen window look these created! i did it for privacy and you cannot see past it it looks great! it is very classy looking.
bought this for a sprained ankle because i am spoiled and refused to use crutches. anyway, chose this scooter because it was on the low side for a "next day delivery" scooter on cost and there is a basket, and the basket is metal. there ya go. this scooter ticked all my boxes so i purchased. very pleased. delivery was truly next day and it worked very well. i am sure i will be lending it out to family  as needed for many many years to come.
very pleased with my purchase.
the first time i bought this product it tasted wonderful. so i reordered it. i tried the new tube, instead of tasting like cinnamon,  the new batch tasted like old horrible tasting medicine. i sure will not get it until they go back to the old formula.
they work great
happy with product.
these work fine but i did not use it.
too small and they fall over.
i love to give myself pedicures but this spa bath did not even turn on after i prepared the water and stuff and plugged it up
you can not beat the price for the amount of hydrated water you get!  you can buy at the grocery store and by the time you add up the amount you pay, you will save so much by buying this and making your own hydrated water!  not to mention its delivered right to you with amazon and no need to go to the store. so glad i purchased! will be buying again for sure.
i am not that familiar with myrrh as a fragrance or therapeutic oil, though i have had several brands and types of therapeutic grades of oil  but this brand is very pleasing and looks to be pure.it lasts a good amount of time in my diffuser and the fragrance is very nice. i combined this with frankincense .
these are absolutely worthless.  i bought them assuming they would work like others that foam up into the sink and clean while foaming.  these have absolutely no foaming or cleaning ability that i can tell and they do not get rid of any smells.
these work very well. a lot of power in a a small package. i use floor models in other rooms, these in the bathrooms. they are an excellent product.
placed this in a low airflow side of my apartment not far from the front door. i can tell it helps to keep the pollen and dust down. i do not have to dust my black glass furniture near as often as before.
i liked the unit but after very little use one of the wheels got all wobbly because the bearings fell apart. i returned the unit for a refund.
these are the best file out there i am going to. the are small and will slip into any purse, pocket, travel bag, luggage, etc. i have one with me at all times and the others are in travel bags and luggage so i never forget to grab one. they file nails smoothly and even give a shine. please click like if this is helpful to you. happy shopping!
lots of boxes of tissue for the price. more than i expected!
i cannot recommend these. the design works well if you have problems with your hands, but the materials do not last. i have purchased these twice. the first lasted pretty long, 1 12 years, then the end of the plastic shaft snapped and it came apart.  i ordered another which lasted only 4 months before breaking at the same location.
some of the capsules were clumped together... too many of them actually
to be honest, my husband did not use this for a balding head. he wanted to try it for his face and for noseear hairs. this is his review. this was a nice man's shaver. it has several attachments which are easy to change out and install. the shave i got was super close and it was easy to maneuver it over the contours of my face. i have to admit it is one of the best shaves i have had in the past few years and for the money it is a good deal. the nose trimmer worked well with no pain or irritation. highly recommend.
very nice !
i live in s la where we just had catastrophic flooding and developed eczema due to the use of concentrated chemicals to kill mold. i used several natural thingsoregon grapeworked ok , coconut oil, msm cream w tea tree sunfood productworked incredible for the itch! but..skin would not heal and became worse to major blistersbleeding tears to my eyes at time. i started using this 2 days agoapplying 5 times a day and it has cleared up almost completely. wished i would have known this 5 weeks ago. but truly was the only thing that healed my hands dry skin, peeling, blisters, itch, inflammation hands are 80 well after a few days. i do recommend msm cream tea tree for itch ! worked fabulously! but swedish bitters is the only thing that wiped the dry skin, inflammation, bleeding, cracking  itching too!
i really liked the description of these and also the reviews that said they blocked all noise. well, not for me. i read the directions and followed them to a t. the earplugs would not stay in my ears no matter how long i held them so they could "reinflate". it was a waste of money for me.
suggested by nd for temporary onetime episode of skin inflammation.  worked ok.
do not waste your money
love this tea it really takes your appetite away
wow, what a game changer for me, especially at work. i am much more focused and my mood is balanced, super helpful during hormone spikes!
they do not block any noise at all.  i tried inserting them many different ways.  followed the directions precisely.  they are worthless.
i liked the results it gives.
i am always looking for new natural supplements to put in my green smoothies.  we tend to eat more healthy around my house, so this looked really intriguing to me.  let us see how it performed..what is this powder like?this powder is green and comes in a foil resealed package.  it also comes with a little scoop to measure with.odor?this has very little odor.taste?this does taste like gooseberries without the severe tart twist that our bushes of gooseberries have.how does it perform in smoothies?i find that using a scoop in a vitamix sized smoothie is not enough to alter the taste so much that people will not drink it.  this powder ads a bit of a twist to the smoothie that i find refreshing.  it is not that bad and if i dip my finger in the powder and eat it, it is almost a buttery slightly tart feeling.any reactions?we have had no bad reactions to this.  as for vitamin c, in the winter, i love having this available to put in smoothies as vitamin c tends to be really sour in nature.  this is far nicer to have.  keep in mind it is only a tiny bit of vitamin c and not therapeutic amounts.  this is not for battling sickness.the bottom linefor a nice natural additive to smoothies or other foods that increase nutritional content but do not overwhelm taste, this is a nice powder.  i have enjoyed using it for quite a few weeks now.my ratingi am giving this four stars.  it is pleasant tasting and not overwhelming and i like including it in smoothies.
i put these in a pair of cheap slip on shoes.  they are easy to cut to size and fit perfectly.  they are super comfortable and converted a pretty horrible pair of shoes into a a super comfortable pair.  so far they are holding up very well and have not skid around at all.  it does take a couple hours of walking for these to "mold" to your foot shape, but once they are broken in they remain super comfortable.  great inserts.
bought to use around the house to keep mice away
cute yoda looks just like pics however does not stay on to well and toothpaste gets clogged and crusty in it.
absolutely love this set! love the colorful filers. the size is helpful for gripping. the glass file is so unique and works incredibly well. excellent value too!
potent as it says it is... i love this product the energy is great and i needed this!
these soft earplugs worked great on my last airplane flight. it blocked out the sound from the engine and a crying baby! i like these better than the kind you squish and push in your ear. the comfort is better and they remove so easily with the tab for removal. the carrying  case is nice to keep them secure and from being lost.
i was given this product to test out and give my opinion as to what i think about it. first; it arrived swiftly. i will have to update this, since i just recently received it, but since i do deal with problems of circulation due to so, sooo many cancer surgeries, it feels good to gently move both of these against the skin. the one, rolls along the skin, the other rounded one is for specific areas, but i would suggest that maybe having a handle with a softer grip might be a good idea, but the concept is a good one. we will see if i can give a more detailed feedback as far as how it is working on my skin soon. restoring circulation is a big plus for me though. love the color too. g
perfect for keeping produce fresh. i would not be without them!
i buy these for myself, not kids, i love them.
this is my new favorite daily vitamin. totally vegan, easy to swallow and fills all the daily requirements of my 60aged body. i have a tendency to skip breakfast most days a week and this vitamin agrees with an empty stomach no aftertaste, burping, or unpleasant stomach rumblings. this is a lot cheaper than my usual centrum formula so amazon has once again turned me away from name brands and over to their store brand names. i highly recommend for any woman over age 40 who cares about their health!
my sister has incredible peripheral neuropathy in her feet. they burn  then go numb. this was sent to her, i really do not know if she is using it.  in 71 years she is never taken my advice on anything but she is in so much pain she actually asked me for ideas. fingers crossed.
a waste of money personally. i regret i bought this. thought it would be fun but the scratch off was already lifted
3.5 stars. these were bough as an emergency fix and worked in a pinch, but the hand rests are not palm friendly and were very uncomfortable for my son. people who use forearm crutches all the time need curved hand rests for comfort. these were inexpensive and quick delivery.
this pet pill syringe makes giving medication much easier. i have one dog that runs at the sounds of the pill bottle because she loves the pocket treats and another who you have to hold down to take anything.  we have tried everything to get her to take pills and she always spits them out. with this pill syringe we are able to force them down her throat with the first attempt. the syringe comes with two different sizes but currently we only need one. the syringe also allows you to put water with the pill which i think makes it harder to spit out. this is a great addition to the monthly routine for our animals.i have received this pet pill syringe at a discounted price or free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review of the product. i provide my product review as though i paid full price for it. the views expressed here are my own, based on my personal use and experience with the product, and are unbiased and honest reviews. any feedback, positive or negative, regarding this product is based on my personal experience with the product. i have not been asked to provide positive feedback, nor have i received any compensation or incentive from the company for this review. i use reviews when purchasing a product and take the task of reviewing products seriously. like most people, i rely heavily on product reviews when deciding to purchase an item from a particular manufacturer or company. if you feel this review has been helpful, please click the yes button.
this inexpensive scale seemed to work ok for most of the first year after i bought it.  it tended to vary a bit from weigh to weigh, even within minutes, but seemed to be in the right ballpark.  it is attractive and very readable.  but then, at about the one year mark of ownership, the weight shown went out of whack, not by a huge amount, but by enough that i knew there was a problem.  i tried new batteries but that made no difference.  so i am throwing it away and have ordered a more highly rated and more expensive scale.  i would like to get one that will last for years.update  to my utter surprise, the company reached out to me shortly after i published the review above.  they processed an immediate and full refund to my credit card and have offered me a replacement scale.  i should have called them as soon as the problem developed, and i am sure they would have replaced the scale then and there.
beautiful, true cobalt blue bottles!! i tried to change the roller to a metal one, but it would not roll. changed out the complete plastic hub and used the metal ball and it worked great! love these!!
smells great. does not perform as well as other detanglers.
top cover does not cover whole compartment and supplies fall out, had alot better med bags.. had to switch back to my old bag because it kept letting equipment fall out..
we all know we should be eating more greens. this is an easy way to do so. the powder can be added to any liquid. you could also bake with it or add it to sauces. it is quite versatile. i highly recommend it.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
a hit at the party!
i just received this item and i had not even tried it on, but i could tell from the feel of it i made an excellent choice. if you need a head strap for plastic frames that slide down your nose as mine always do, get this product! it is even better than i had hoped the strap is very lightweight, you will not even know you have it on. i wear behindtheear hearing aids  the pieces that attach to my frames are very thin and pliable and fit nicely in my crowded ear space! the part that goes behind your head has a velcro fastener with the very cool company name on it. the strap sits low on my neck and is hardly noticeable, even with a shaved head. this strap is well worth your money and will do the job perfectly! the only available color is black  i would have preferred some other  but because of how well it works, i can easily overlook the matter. order today!
my boyfriend and i are highly impressed with this set. there are two pretty lilac heating and cooling wraps. we heated them in the microwave for two minutes each one. they come out really warm and are soothing as a neck wrap, to lay over the shoulder, around the arm, or leg.  these can also be used cold by putting them in a waterproof plastic bag in the refrigerator for at least four hours to chill. we personally only use these for heat therapy.there is velcro along one end to keep the wrap in place. one has to be careful not to let the velcro touch any delicate clothing because it is strong and can damage delicate fabrics like sweaters. the wraps are unscented and made of clay beads and millet. as a result of the ingredients, they are heavy. these wraps cannot be washed; they can only be surfaced cleaned.the current price of 22.99 for these two wraps is very reasonable. we are both highly impressed.
did not work.  maybe my butt is hopeless
do not waste your money, no difference between this one and the cheaper version. this one is extremely loud and vibrates so hard on high that the attachments actually vibrates off. the intensity is nothing to write home about. save your money and purchase the wahl therapeutic model
i have been wanting to use both coconut oil and activated charcoal for my teeth, whitening and overall health. but i have a strong gag reflex making me nervous about the taste and consistency. i ordered this product and love it. i have had no issues with gaging like i worried using some of the ingredients in the product alone. it also works great to brighten up my teeth and leave them feeling fresh.
gave me a bad headache after about 3 nights of usage
my boys love these brushes. they like being able to choose a different color each night.
i have used dr. b. dental solutions ultrasonic cleaner every night since i got it. i love it.
bought many for friends.unobtrusive but great reminder.putting it in a drawer when you do not need it, it lasts! will not just keep going off  since there is not an off button this is a huge plus!
this was a gift for our godson who we were told loved it.  the whole family enjoyed playing the game.
this works good. usually have to buy just the eyebrow shaver for more and i have to worry about finding a battery. this has more attachments and a usb charger. glad i got it!
this is a good basic mask.  people who want more decoration can use post earrings, as i do.
the product is exactly as expected but the order did not come with the pump as described.
like many of you, i have persistent neck pain.  this looked great.  do not be fooled.  i disliked this so much that i threw it away.  i had my wife try it out to make sure it was not just me.  she did not like it at all either.i tried this many times, never ever did i think it did anything.  i hate to say this, but this is a waste of time and money.
we had an infestation of pantry moths in our pantry and had to throw out a lot of dried food like crackers, cereals, some dried figs and items that are high in carbohydrates.  the rotten little monsters could smell what i had in ziploc bags and burrowed right through them to the food.  besides waging serious war with the moths, i have placed a lot of food items in these smellproof bags in the hopes if there are any moths left that we did not eradicate that they will not be able to smell the food through the bags and thus burrow into them.  so far it seems to be working but we also having found any moths stuck to the fly strips we hung up in there either so that is a good sign we might have gotten them all.  these bags seem well made and should last a long time.
cheap made. a waste of money.
these are light weigh but very supportive. make your legs feel 'tireless'.
few times a day i add about 14 teaspoon to a small amount of water and it is pretty much tasteless.  easy to take. i am using it for severe joint hypermobility syndrome which results in loss of collagen.  the rheumatologist who diagnosed me suggested powder might be easier than pills and i went straight for powder.
amazing product! i am so happy i finally bought a tongue scraper! it really makes a difference!!! i felt like i was suffering from build up on my tongue it felt awful but this help a ton!!!
these are reasonably comfortable but the padding is too thin. they feel cheap from the start and the padding compresses immediately, so you do not get much benefit. the padding is stitched to the mesh i  two places, but even though i folded it in thirds to make it thicker, it still did not help protect my elbow. would have helped to have a hard she will on the outside. so these were a fail for me and i am still looking for something better.
after trying another brand that was just off enough to not fit my ocedar spin mop, i was really hoping i would not have a problem with these.fortunately they fit and are a pretty good substitute as a generic form for your spin mop.you have to press down really hard in order to get them to stay, but they are a much more inexpensive option.
having spent 263 at the podiatrist to clip an ingrown toe nail which was too thick for me to trim, was delighted to be asked to review these toe nail clipper and cuticle trimmers.i used the clipper last night on thick, ingrown toenail and it clipped it easily. mayo clinic says to cut ingrown nails straight across.  if you google mayo clinic, they tell you how to treat ingrown toenails at home which is very helpful. i am hoping that having these clippers will help to solve the ingrown toenail problem.they have a plastic guard and come in a leather case which zippers to close it and keep the instruments safe so it is good for storing and travel.am very happy with this set.review sample provided
they work just as described.  a good number of these will come in handy.  they arrived promptly too.
these are nicer than previous used because of the gripper knob. they really exfoliate my skin and make it soft and clean. it was a good buy and came quickly.
i have always read lots of great reviews about the stuff and thought i would try. the stuff was horrible. are used it to wash my gallardo and it left shiny little greasy chemical marks all over the car. it was not possible to remove. i ended up using my go to stoners quick bead detail and that did the trick. that stuff is awesome and can use on every part of your car. does not leave streaks and better tan actual window cleaner on the windows..
gift for xmas, also put in an extra bulb.  this will be put next to a cat box. hope it works like reviews said
i tried several brushes over the last several months and love the kozis wooden bath brush amazon item  b08hr2gbhc the best. however, this one is very good too.the brush head side is ample for good coverage. the bristles are of medium softness. the massaging side is not useful to me because i have no desire to use that. in fact, i do not even understand why anyone would use that. the brush is hefty and is one solid piece, which is fabulous as the head cannot fall off the handle like some other brushes i tried previously. it also has a rope loop to hang up in the shower. in addition, a selfstick hook is supplied if needed but i did not use it.besides the massaging brush head that i find useless, the only negative to me is that the brush handle is about two inches shorter than i would like. many brushes have a longer handle and a longer handle is best when trying to reach my back. nevertheless, this is still very functional and it is very well made.overall, i like this brush even though it comes in second to the kozis i love. the current price of 11.99 is about right for a twosided wooden brush.
these gummies are a wonderful blend to help boost your immunity.a similar blend in capsules would be very large and difficult for some people to swallow.i got the 2 pack so i do not run out as quickly with the whole family taking it.elderberry is one of my favorite supplements.these are tasty, not too sweet and easy to chew.
i love it! i have only had it for a few days and already i have noticed a difference in my sleep pattern. i have always had trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. i slept like a rock with this thing on. i do not remember waking up more than once, which is a miracle for me. i will have a hard time if i ever have to sleep without it now!
i am addicted to these sponges as i hate houswork and they speed through a lot of cleaning chores that used to involve a lot of products and scrubbing. i now have clean counters, a clean stove, and generally much cleaner kitchen with very little effort.
use for fog and haze weather,gray sky,fog weather, dust weather, snow weather, building site etc.not for medical use. it has 3 layers and covers my whole face. i feel like it will protect me and those i come in contact with; and the price was right.  the ear loops are comfortable and the nose piece keeps my glasses from fogging.
i had not used a glade candle in awhile but i thought these might be ok.  i do not like whatever they use in the wicks, it gives a nasty smell.  i would not recommend this brand of candles if you are used to yankee or other clean burning soy candles like i am, you will probably notice the same stink i do if so.
if you are using them fast it is great but mine got dry within a couple days
work as advertised! i do a lot of parties, and always have years. this helps extremely well. if you want to be able to still hear people in the music, this product is for you.
great vg. good flavorless base for vapers and diy juices.
the tissues themselves are fine. they clean and wipe snot as well as dirt and food of the face or counter, are soft and do not irritate. the packaging while compact is a bit off putting since the tissues are so jampacked together, it is hard to pull them out in the beginning without pulling a whole wad of them as well tearing several of them. but the tissues themselves serve well as any regular tissues.
comfortable, easy to wear. i wear it almost all the time.
when i cannot burn sage, i will use this.  great smell too!
we buy a lot of supplements to aid in our immunity as a family because we have small children that attend school. the tincture prevents or halts the illness. i do not know if its coincidence or because of this fantastic product. daily, i have taken the recommended 15 to 60 drops half the dropper. days that i take the product i do not contract any illness and i feel great. then, sometimes i forget and see that i am getting sick like a scratchy throat or some congestion i start taking it and it halts the illness, and i was a 99 of the time the illness does not become worse after taking this product. all in all i would have to say this is a five star product and a fantastic supplement to have in your home if especially if you have family members that are immunocompromised.
the space is great, but its small enough to fit in the small pocket of my purse! the design is gorgeous and exactly as shown. exceeds my expectations!
works on my hair beautifully. only complaint i have is the placement of the buttons. i keep changing the temp every time i use it. the 34;bristle34; area does get very, very hot, so do not let young ones use this or touch. my hair is naturally straight and this gives it a very sleek and lovely look. took it on vacation and was able to pack it easily.
works better than the waxed king.  gets the particles out better.
the lining makes a big difference!
reasonably priced, nice quality, quick delivery.
i have several microfiber towels as they are easy to fit into bags when packing for a trip. there have been several camping trips where these have been a lifesaver in terms of not taking up a lot of precious space in backpacks. this towel, however, is much thinner and not as absorbent as the other, admittedly more expensive, ones that i have purchased.  it feels cheaper and not as soft and velvety as others.  the velcro works fine and the length is good.  i would not recommend this for a larger person or a person with a wide chest as i do not think it would be comfortabletoo tight.
received 2 batteries.  both work.
attempted to install holder onto holder.  clips on both sides broke off.  made of hard plastic and have no give.  commode piping needs to be smaller than toilet holder.
i got this ovacue wireless fertility monitor for my daughter, who only has one ovary, due to having to have one removed. she is young and is looking so forward to starting a family, but her cycles are not regular. this monitor is working better for her than any other tests or means they have tried. she said it was easy to set up, easy to use, and seems to be accurate. she can really see what is happening on charts made from the daily test results and there is lots of helpful information throughout. it is still early, but i am hopeful that i will be told that she is expecting soon.this really is a great monitor for women like her, and others who have struggled with health issues and with other tests and trials of this and that, that have been nothing but letdowns. this is really something great and different. highly recommended!
better than i expected
the wax worked well.  my daughter's red mustang is very shiny!
tried once
this comes in a nice box that is a little big for the bottle of lotion. there is also a bunch of nicely colored purple stuffing. the lotion has little to no scent which it is supposed to. it has a nice consistency, not too thick, not too thin and it soaks in pretty quickly without being greasy. the pump is really sturdy and shaped like a cute leaf.
i prefer these containers over the resealable bags that sometimes will not reseal. also easier to spoon out of this and comes with a measuring spoon. good quality powder with that irish mossy taste yumm lol. wish it came in a larger size or maybe it does and i have not seen it yet?
great fit and great price and fast delivery
bought these for my husband.  they have a good grip and were easy to hold onto.  i also likes that they have a larger clip area as your toenails are larger than your finger tips, general speaking.  they are heavy and sharp.  i feel as though they will last for some to come. i never hesitate to update my reviews if new info should seem useful.  they arrived quickly i have prime and in good condition along with a few other things i had ordered.
i use essential oils in my diffusers and this sandalwood essential oil is perfect for that. this is also great for those who make body butters or other lotions.the fragrance is  clean and masculine and smells like a good soap. i use anywhere from 3  5 drops in my diffuser depending on the size of my water reservoir. the resulting aroma is lovely.the current price of 15.99 for this large 3.38 fluid ounce bottle is reasonable as it comes to less than 5 per ounce.
my two girls went nuts over these bath bombs.first of all they are packaged nicely and none of them came chipped or broken.they are lightly scented and lightly dyed. this makes me feel better as us ladies have to take precaution when bathing especially with harsh soaps and dyes. they are definitely not "lush" quality but still work well and look nice.
with all the growth in technology, i am not sure how optimum's stuff still tastes bad. very chalky and bitter.
this stuff is like a miracle. i use it for all kinds of things, burns, cuts, blemishes.. heals fast
i use it as a toner at night but also as a makeup remover i do not use to much makeup. i will be buying it frequently.
the lotion does everything it says, protects from bugs and is an excellent sunscreen. avon did well in producing this product as well as the pump spray and aerosol can.....i will certainly buy this product again if needed in the future.
i wanted to like because of the price i paid, but it is too harsh to cut the beard. compares to reddington brand, for example, i will not be able to use it. returning.
does not matter how i feel, because its good for you...alittle bitter but hey...not everything good for you will be how you want it.
nice tattoo. it lasted a few days even with showers. would definitely consider repurchasing.
as my husband and i get older, we are realizing why our parents would be so frustrated for the fact that hair is now growing in all the wrong places. my face has some unwanted hair and my husbands nose and ears are getting a few stragglers every now and then. this tool is rechargeable so no need to worry about batteries! and has many different attachments. it came packaged well. it cuts without being in danger of cutting skin, which is super important when trimming your nose or ears and cannot really see what you are doing. exactly what i expected the product to do
removes odors effectively and has a nice smell.
this is a good product but the packaging makes scooping out the bottom third annoying  i kept my own scoop in the bag as the one that came with the product is too small. also, calling this a wheatgrass shot is deceptive as a wg shot is pure juice squeezed from the wheatgrass  not dehydrated grass mixed in water
very cute halloween decorations that include a variety of items to decorate with. will be fun to decorate with closer to halloween. i know my kids will enjoy them when i put them up.
i appreciate this item!! i need these gloves to do my limited shopping and other activities  such  paying my bills by going to the post office!!  amazon thank you for listing this item in your inventory!!
this is my second unit. my daughter took my first one. fells great on sore muscles.
i would venture to say that darned few have not purchased puffs tissues at least once while shopping at the grocery store or drug store. puffs with lotion are about as soft and comforting as tissues get. this post aims more towards the convenience of having them delivered to your door on your schedule rather than having to remember them when shopping. always nice to have a tissue handy when fighting a cold or the flu.
this thing is huge.. so i am disappointed and now i will be sending it back.  the problem i had was it is not as well built as people said on here. the actual sides are each ok and seem to be solid..however the hinge is cheap and does not line up the 'cups' so it is just very annoying and seems like it will fall apart easily.sending back!!!
one of the letters had a hole in it when we received it. we had to tape it for it to stay inflated.
great purchase. could not beat the price with the amount that came with it.
been using it for  years as part of my supplements regimen.  never felt better!
these gummy vitamin c supplements are great. i love that they include bioflavonoids. i do dislike the amount of vitamin c per gummy, but that is pretty standard. you will have to take 4 of these to equal one pack of emergenc. they taste great and are a good option for kids.
it was a nice buy. i wear glasses so i have a hard time with it, because the light really hurts my eyes. i think i will gift it to my niece.
have tried so many things for my heels with improvement.  this stuff?  just about the best thing ever and works like a charm.  buy it, you will not regret it.  highly recommend.
really great for getting hard water stains out of the toilet bowl. it is the only thing that removes hard water buildup from our toilets.
i was hopeful that this product could help even a little bit but all i got was a very tender and painful 34;chest34;. after losing over 100 lbs my bust was well let us just say sad. i am in my early 20s and feel that plastic surgery should be a last resort so i thought i would try these 34;vitamins34; coupled with specific exercises. after three weeks of taking them religiously my bust began to be extremely sore, even the slightest bump was quite painful and i felt it was in my best interest to stop. my chest did not change at all, nothing, zip, nada.
i purchased this in pink, and the dusty rose color is misleading.  it is a hot pink.however, that is my only real complaint.  i have adhesive sensitivities and haveyet to encounter a k tape i can wear for more than 24 hours.  so there is that limitation, but not an unexpected one.  i use this on things like wrist strains and also to secure magnets to painful areas for magnet therapy.  the peel off grid on the back of the tape makes it easier to estimate the amount needed for a task, especially if you have taped the same area before.for the newly initiated, a general rule of thumb in taping a small area to secure it is to have one length of tape stretched 75 and the matching strap cut longer and unstretched like for a wrist.  medium size areas like knees may require one unstretched and two stretched 50that sort of thing.  never stretch both pairs 100.  that may feel super supportive until it makes your skin peel a lesson learned from my previous roll of k tape.  try to go to a pt or chiro for instructions .
good product for a great price. fits my electric toothbrush perfectly.
i bought this as a foot rest under my desk at work, i was a little disappointed.  it is foam cushion so when i put my feet on it, the foam slowly pushed down and it was no longer rising or bending my ankles like it should have.  i would not have minded it were slow to compress however it was a matter of seconds not minutes so it did no good at all for me as a foot rest.  i wish it would have been less cushiony and soft but that did not stop me from getting use out of it.  i put it on my chair and use it as lumbar support.  it works but sadly not for what i really wanted this for.  its soft, well made, anti slip with grips on the bottom so cannot complain too much but its no foot rest.  sorry
if you are like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. no one wants to waste their hardearned money! that is why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here is my thoughts...pros lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly  evenlycons absolutely none!
this is a lifetime supply of nasal relief packets. just add them to your neti pot with some distilled water and you are good to go! they really help if you have a sinus infection or really bad allergies.
these are great we are still cleaning after the fires here in california and these are non toxic and work great to remove the soot and ash damage thanks so much!
i really like these.  they are clear and large.  they are a multipurpose bag for me storing comforters, etc.
great product!! will order this shake again!
the upside is that unlike most magnesium pills, these are not enormous and hard to swallow. they are in standard size gel caps. the downside is, you need to take two to get less than the giant horse pills usually include. i do not have a particularly difficult time swallowing large pills, so its all pretty much the same to me. these are good, and so are the larger ones! its all about what you prefer, and how much you need.
i bought this for a christmas gift to give to my mom. she loves things like this. i did not actually read the description on it before purchasing, so i was shocked at the size of it when i took it out of the box. i was expecting a smaller item, but i am glad it is bigger than i expected because i think she will like it a lot more.
average quality roller. the stone is not particularly polished and looks as inexpensive as it is. if you are in the market for a roller that just functions, it is fine. but i can tell it is one of those mass produced products that they sell in flea market stalls around town. given that you can get nicer ones for the same price, i would not order this again. sorry but not impressed.
my husband loves the fact this handy little kit does not have to be plugged in  but instead uses a battery and does a fantastic job!
these hold all my vitamins and are superb for traveling or at home.  i like that i do not have to worry about the top popping open while traveling.  no need for a zip lock bag or rubber band around the tops.
my definition of 'attractive' may be disputed, but when i say that this is accurate i mean it. the first thing i did after i unboxed the review sample that i received from the manufacturer was to test just how accurate it it. a few notes i am not going to regurgitate the product description or specs on this page. i will give my impression and highlights that led me to give this five stars. also, mine shipped with an included tape measure, which was not mentioned in the description at the time of this review. it is actually a high quality one that has an autoretract mechanism that adds even more value to this set.i test a lot of scales so i have standard weights that are used for calibration, and in this case comparison. my approach is to use different weights, then repeat the weighing. there was no deviation among the results from all tests.in addition i also performed the same tests using a different scale and received the same results. my conclusion is this is accurate per the product description right out of the box.you can switch among pounds, kilograms and stones by pressing a button on the underside of the scale. plus this is accurate to one decimal place in .2 increments, so you can see detailed results if you are battling the pounds or kilos or stones, as well as weigh objects.a few things that i especially like about this scale are the large display, which is a big deal at my age, and the blue lit background. i also like the fact that it will come alive as soon as i step on it and give me the bad or good news after a few second lag, and will go back to sleep shortly after i step off of it.among the scales that i have tested this one stands out in ease of use, display quality and accuracy. it is heavy and well made, and the fifteen dollar price tag at the time of this review makes it an incredible bargain. if you could see one in person you would be as impressed as i am.
the bottom part of the mask just stays open and is really not keeping your germs in or any other germs out
i could not get this guard to work.  i boiled it a second time when i got it too tight the first time and it still did not work.  it was not cheap either.
cannot feel pain on bum
this product absolutely destroyed my sensitive areas, i cannot believe this product is marketed for babies, id never ever put a baby through what this did to me. chemical burns, completely destroyed me, almost went to the er. do not buy.
i like the sturdiness of these insoles, yes they are very hard and hard to cut, but if you want a firm supportive insole they have to be firm. they give me the best support in ,my foot wear. yes it took a long time to trim them down to size, but the feel and comfort they provide is worth it. this is not a flabby insole, which would be a waste of money and until i found these, i have been wasting lots of money. these insoles are quality made and i will certainly purchase another for my boots, these insoles come all the way to the toe, giving full support
the quality of the bags is very poor. the seams rip open the second you put anything in them.if they were sturdier they would get 5 stars for their overall holiday charm.
we ordered a 3 pack of these glasses.  the first pair lasted a week, the 2nd pair lasted two weeks, and the 3rd pair lasted 2 minutes.  the arms easily unscrew and either we cannot find the parts or we would need to buy a repair kit.
great for in house and travel bags.
nope! huge nope on this stuff. it smells horrible and the taste is just as bad as the smell. i made the mistake of trying another flavor and it had the same horrible rancid vitamin smell as this one and i can tell you right now, i did not feel like getting sick from this stuff either. just stay away from this stuff unless you like the rancid vitamin taste.
cleans body and hair easily and thoroughly. smells almost as nice as almonds. some may need hair conditioner after shower.
feels exactly the same as my noninnovative curler with the noninnovative replacement rubber part. it bent my lashes just like the other does.
pretty much useless. i got it for cats. they are freaks to begin with and have to be on prozac, so i bought this anticipating trouble. this was not helpful. as an alternative, i also purchased those treat things that you shove the pill in, and although they needed some coaxing  praise, the cats now gobble their pills eagerly every day! success.
this little water bottle is the right size for me. i bought it for use at the office. its small size makes storing it easy since i have limited space at my cubicle. its small size makes it more discreet than a fullsize water bottle. the bottle is also small enough that i can slip my shirt over it for even more discreetness. and it is small enough to easily be filled up using the hot water dispenser at my offices' coffee maker. i only need a little bit of warmth in small areas, for example, the small of my back. it seems to hold heat longer than a fabric tube with dried rice inside it and once you have it positioned nicely it is not a struggle to keep it in place.i also use the hot water dispenser at my work's coffee maker to fill it up. so it only takes 30 seconds to fill up my mini water bottle, instead of three minutes heating up a tube full of rice in the microwave.
awful taste, chalky, does not dissolve.
wife wears all the time!
i have been taking suppliments for 40 years, and have finally found an affordable multi that is great.  i am a loyal user and will be until i go toes up!!  i am healthy, even though my eating habits have not always been the best, and i attribute this to my vitalert.
cute for a little girls party
my husband loves this product and uses it daily. it mixes well, provides the supplementation he wants, and is affordable.
its ok. its a little rough for my scalp
this little guy saved me from having to buy a new microwave!!! the handle broke off of it and my gums and found this cool gadget and its worked great!! i was a bit apprehensive but to my surprise, did the trick. thank goodness!! highly recommended.
this item was purchased to help dispense the liquid hand cleaner from the bottle.  it makes just the right amount for washing... without wasteful over supply.  makes financial help with dispensing of the hibiclens... just the right amount.  good to have if you use hibiclens in your home.
i am really excited to find a nonfish source of omega 3s! and in a gelatinfree gummy too! as a vegetarian, this is a huge discovery. i am bewildered at the reviewers who mention anything about a fishy taste or smell. this is an entirely plantbased product. it tastes like a fruity gummy vitamin. the only thing i would change is the quantity in the bottle. this may not make a difference to many consumers, but i bought this in conjunction with another wow supplement. this bottle contains 30 servings, while the other product contains 50 servings. it would be far more convenient if the products contained the same number of servings so they are on the same refill schedule. otherwise, i am very enthusiastic about this new supplement discovery. i did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
comfortable socks
when they stayed in place they worked good. i used them with a more open toe perhaps they work better in a closed shoe?when i could get them to stay in place the comfort was good and i did not mind the toe thing. at least it did not bother. they just do not work for any flat that is open.
overall, this is an okay toothpaste. not the best. not the worst, and overpriced for what it claims and fails to do. i have been using it for several weeks and have not noticed any significant improvement in my oral health, tartar levels, or whiteness. it is minty and on the thinner side. it is not meant to foam, but i feel i need more than average amounts to properly brush my teeth. my teeth feel clean, but not moreso than they do with other toothpastes. i will stick with the periogen mouth rinse.
b vitamins are needed when you are on a vegetarian diet or when you are just stressed out by life's challenges. these easytouse tubes are portable and travel well. they save you from having to swallow more pills. these are pleasantly strawberry flavored and provide b3, b6, b7, b9 and b12. the other ingredients include distilled water, vegetable glycerin, citric acid, potassium sorbate and natural flavorings. they taste great. to your health...please consult with a doctor before taking supplements. personally these make me feel calmer and less anxious.the rebecca review
light weight easy to use but does not do anything for me. followed instructions and no curling actually occurs.  i would return it but i lost the batter compartment cover. it would not stay on. i would not recommend. perhaps my lashes are too thick???
does a fantastic job!! used cascade for 3 years. worth every penny!!
okay, i am just going to say it. i do not brush my teeth enough. i have got a nice soniccare electric toothbrush in the bathroom, but because i am retired and do not have to get dressed up to go out anywhere, i do not have a grooming routine. i do not have an alarm clock either! i needed something like this to keep close to me to help me remember to use it, so when i was offered the product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, i was pretty happy about being able to try it.i am sure i am not the only senior who wears comfortable clothes and falls asleep in them. if my clothes are not dirty, i have been known to wear them for days at a time. i am probably also not the only senior who does not register what day or time it is half the time. i keep my hair cut very short so if i forget to comb it nobody will notice. i work on my computer almost every waking moment, and it seems the only time i get out from under that cloud is when i am in the kitchen cooking. it is only when i am waiting for the microwave to finish or the coffee pot to stop perking that i suddenly become aware of my body...at which point i usually realize i need to brush my teeth.i have tried keeping a spare manual toothbrush and toothpaste in the kitchen. both have a tendency to fall into the sink with the dirty dishes. i like this brush because i can clip it to my t shirt or pocket where it looks like some kind of space pen and whip it out for a quick brushing while i am waiting for the microwave to finish. i love how you can quot;dialquot; out just a little toothpaste, not so much as to require a lot of water, do a quick brushing, then rinse at the sink, stick the brush back into its cap, and get back to what you were doing.my tom's of maine toothpaste tube was not a perfect fit for the screwon end through which you fill it, but it was good enough. i just turned the dial down as the tube filled with toothpaste. dialing it back up with the thumbscrew pushes the toothpaste up through the center of the brush. it does not take much. i do not know what people are talking about with quot;cleaningquot; it. i would not bother with that. i think as long as you rinse the brush end well and dial a tiny bit of toothpaste back into the bristles like flushing a syringe, there is no reason to have to clean the toothpaste reservoir. just put more toothpaste into it when it is getting low, i would think.disclaimer i came of age at a time when kids actually played in the dirt and exposure to germs was considered a good way of building up immunity. if you are one of those people who showers three times a day and has to clean everything to within an inch of its life all the time, you probably will not like this toothbrush.
love it! holds a ton of pennies! may not be the most ideal if you plan on taking it with you as you travel it is quite large. but it displays beautifully at home!
look great. crisp vision. definitely improves driving night vision. sturdy build.better look than expected.
i have been using this product for a couple of years.  works well without side affects.
does not seem to be as good quality as the higher priced brands i have tried, but i guess you get what you pay for...........or do not.
i use superfood supplements all the time. frankly, i think that is the only reason that i have yet to have the flu or any major illness in years. i take these, which are good for the gut.
purchased as game give aways for a baby shower
i have recently discovered the wonders of gel manicures! no drying time and they last for weeks? sign me up! i love the colors included in this set! they are very vibrant and bright! the colors go on fairly thin so it takes a couple of coats to get good coverage. the glitter polish is a bit on the chunky side, which is pretty, but rather hard to get it to look even. the polish arrived nicely packaged in a box with foam to hold it in place and a color dot on top of each bottle to quickly identify the colors since gel polish arrives in black bottles. i am happy with it so far and would order this again.
it is expensive but it works! definitely going to keep buying
did not work for me at all. returned.
i was a little nervous ordering these because some reviewers noted they are small.  for the price, i decided to give them a try and if they were too small my teen daughter could wear them.  glad i ordered because they fit great!  the seam down the center also helps prevent breathing in your mask while talking and breathing.  i wish i ordered these sooner!
for when you really need to blow your schnozz.....
i was not expecting a whole lot from these clippers given the price point ten bucks as of this review. i was really surprised at how well these work. the blades cut as well as models costing far more. a nice, clean cut without any pulling or abrasion. the length dial works very well. it has a nice, smooth action with a solid, positive click stop for each length. it comes with two guides so you have two sets of adjustability lengths.where the costcutting is seen is with the case and attachment build quality. it is all plastic and does not have much of a solid heft to it. i very much doubt this would survive a fall of a few feet onto a hard floor. i am not willing to test that out, so i may be wrong about that, but the very plasticy nature of the clippers do not make me at all confident in their ability to shrug off damage. the guide combs are also rather thin, but since they connect to the body with an internal peg versus having to pull them off the blade itself the thinner build quality is fine with regard to durability.it charges with a usb c cable included which is a nice change from having to keep and use a transformer specifically for the clipper.  the motor has a muted buzz that is reasonably quiet and not annoying. there is only one control, which is a sliding onoff. it clicks firmly into place and stays put in use.while these are lightweight in terms of build quality, it punches well above its weight class when it comes to performance. five stars.
perfect for my kitchen. keeps those odors away.
this is my 4th reorder.
omg !!!!  amazing this is the best purchase ever  works 100
i feel i got what i paid for. at 7.62 i was not expecting anything too terribly great but i put it on and after less than 6 hours of wearing noticed the elastic has already stretched and is gone. i was hoping to get at least a weeks use out of each bandage but doubt i will get that.
i love the chance to try different items. thanks
it is pricey compared to other older eating sprays, but that is because it is what you would expect for that higher price. i really appreciate that quality.
it is not a good mask.  it is not waterproof.  it is very thin material.  not recommended to buyers!!!
as someone with sensory issues and needing motivation to clean anyway, these gloves worked well. pacific ppe's 2pack of household gloves are unlined and a bit thin, and this pair was sized large. they ran very large, particularly for my medium hands.they were perfect for bathroom cleaning. they are quite long and came above my hoodie sleeves enough to protect them but also so that i did not have to worry about pushing my sleeves up. my gripe about most gloves is they are not long enough, so fluids get into them anyway. did not happen at all with these gloves. they were protective from cleaning chemicals and water.they are quite thin, so i wonder how long before one tears. likewise, not knowing much about this material, i wonder if they will  become brittle over time, particularly from chemical contact.in all they are great gloves and worth every dime.
bitter, bitter, bitter... i still drank it in different ways, hot, cold, in different rooms, lol.  i did not receive a relaxed feeling. i do not foresee me purchasing this product again.
work great on muscle cramps and sore muscles
it is a very good concept that could work for adults that work at a desk with their water bottle next to them. but even though, they need to be vigilant as the device only blinks once  and if they miss it and do not drink, the device eventually shut down !i think it should be refined at least with repeated blinking when the first blink is missed  or perhaps it should be a warning bip sound instead of the first blink, followed by repeated blinking after a while if the is missed.this does not  work for children.
thank you for the speedy delivery and most importantly a product that i can use. i will for sure be ordering more of these in the future and through you guys.
this perfect! my eyeglasses my earrings, pills and loose chains.
it tasted good, but was quite expensive
best thing i have bought in a very long time
heat, humidity, a blazing sun and salty air create an environment where a great pair of sunglasses are mandatory when enjoying the great outdoors.  unfortunately most sunglass holders are made of cloth and therefore absorb moisture and turn into wet noodles.  they also start to smell and the color fades.  i bought my first set of cablz when i saw them on a fishing guide and realized how perfect they were for this environment.  now all of my family uses them. could not be happier!
works as intended, but may have a tendency to shift after closing, causing the case to close at an angle.
this is not a durable item. the stone is very light and left me surprised how quickly it dissolves.do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews here. i ignored them and now i am stuck with a product that is marginal at best.the maker really needs to reformulate or look for another material that offers consumers a more durable experience.
they are nice looking and do not look like 34;old lady socks34;.  i am in my 40s and had sclerotherapy done and wanted support after i got done wearing the ones the dr had me use but i did not want ugly socks or socks that made my feet get too hot with my tennis shoes.  they stay up and make my legs feel better when i wear them.
i chose the "sweet" over the "savory" based upon the vegetables i like more, but i did not care for the taste of this.  it changed the flavor of any food i added it to, so it is still sitting on my counter over a month later.
the value for the money is very good though the freshness not as intense as i would like. maybe because marjoram is not as strong as oregano. i have had some good experience with this company and will purchase from them again.
and it really needed a squeeze bottle so that you can cleanse your bits and pieces off. this works wonderfully. when i am all done, i can dry everything or let everything air dry for the next use. if you have hemorrhoids, this will help you alot.
this stuff cleans and lubricates. keeps your shaver like new.
i mainly wanted this for pcos hormonal acne. i started taking progesterone and metformin in early march, and they both had my face looking like i was a teenager again! it was extremely embarrassing for me since i am 40 years old! after about a month of taking these, my skin started to improve a lot. i am still breaking out here and there, but it is only like once or twice a week if that, compared to every single day.the flavor is this supplement is tolerable. it has a slight tartness at first and then a bite at the end from the pepper. it can burn your throat a little, but i have gotten used to it, so it does not bother me.
i have used one box for a gift so far. i think i need to superglue to fabric onto the box. as i arrive to the pary with the box i notice part of the box coming apart.
the thing does not work and looked like it had been opened before we revived it.  what a joke this product seems to be.
have a 35 lb dog that loves chewing.  he struggled with the large chewing part and so settled on the foot pads and chewed them off, leaving the rest.  seemed a bit difficult for him to get a good chomp on.  otherwise, he was very interested in trying to tear the thing apart.
nitropics  is a quality brand compounding interesting ingredient supplements. nitropics supplements attract topnotch user reviews ... maybe the best in the supplement market. if nitropics makes it, it is worth a try.high expectations. so far, so good. it will be better than i expected.
works well for a bargain price. thing is it is less gooey than the name brand but as the title says, it does the job i needed it to do. i use quite a bit of the stuff for medical reasons and am happy i can go to amazon for the connection.
i liked the extra suction cup hook and rubber scrubber that came with the box. you get a charcoal, green tea, and normal sponge. i have used the charcoal one so far and you do not have to worry about the color robbing off or leaving lumps of charcoal on your face. the charcoal has no smell or feeling, i would go as far as to say, the added charcoal is cosmetic. the sponges are very soft and slightly slippery like  how bleach feels and it cleans the face. i cannot say this is a musthave product, but it is a good product for people who do not have anything to wash their face with but water. the sponge will help exfoliate the skin without any exfoliates so it is natural and safe for all kinds of skin. you can use it with or without soap. i don;t see any noticeable difference with using the sponge vs using the washcloth, but it is a much gentler substitute for washcloths if you are in the market for something gentler for your skin.
i started using clear tract powder about 6 months ago. i have a 20 year history of bladder infections and the antibiotics were not cutting it anymore. i have not had one since using clear tract. works best on gramnegative bacteria such as ecoli. if you have grampositive bacteria which i also had, oil of oregano works like a charm on those types of bladder infections. i developed a staph grampositive bladder infection months ago and it was resistant to antibiotics. the only thing that cured it was oil of oregano. i will never take antibiotics again unless it is a lifeordeath situation.between clear tract, oil of oregano, krill oil supplements and probiotics, in addition to really improving my diet, i have not had an infection since. actually, i have not been sick at all since, either. my daughter currently has the flu with vomiting and diarrhea, but i feel great! try clear tractit really works!
this dr. mercola organic white grapefruit essential oil has a nice fresh aroma. it will be great for making blends to go in my diffusers. i have a pink grapefruit essential oil already and was hoping this one would be a little different, but they smell pretty much the same. though it smells good on its own, there are many blends using grapefruit that smell so good, and i look forward to trying lots of them.it does seem to have a lighter scent than i am used to, so i would not trust using it in any skin or lip recipes. for diffusing and candle making, i would definitely recommend it.
traumeel is the best homeopathic cream made anywhere.  it speeds up healing of all my bruises, surgical dressings, etc.  i use it to excellent effect  helping with healing after surgeries and injuries.
overall it works as described however we quickly found that it is noisy. when plugged in the remote section of the cord makes a high pitch noise along with a deep clanging noise.
love this stuff! it takes a really good stir once you first open it up but is so tasty and love the added protein!
love this lemon juice. will use it forever!
if i could give it a negative star i would.  i ignored the negative reviews because i wanted to believe i would like it. some people do.  it is sweetened with maltitol which spikes my blood sugar. maltitol syrup has a glycemic index of 52, which approaches that of table sugar at 60.  i prefer erythritol or stevia.  the listing on the website did not show the ingredients; it just stated 34;no added sugar.34;  i should have been cautious when ingredients were not listed.  even worse, they have a 34;no return34; policy.
taste is great i mix it with ultima replenisher electroyte drink for when i play golf and sweat alot.  keeps up my engery.
wow no. first of all. first time i tried to use it i slid off my chair and hit the ground. later when i kept trying to find a way to use it it left deep deep gouge marks in my skin. def a waste. and painful. bizarrely painful
great for wedding favors! we used these to put together s'more wedding favors and they turned out very well!
more delicious than a lip gloss, warming and tingly, you may find interesting uses for this edible massage oil. you can use it as a massage oil although it is slightly more sticky and sweet. it warms slightly on the skin, but mostly when tasted. surprise the one you love with a chocolate kiss by using this as a lip gloss. the oil looks like a cherry gloss vanilla syrup and comes in a corked glass bottle you would imagine finding on the beach. when empty you can refill with regular massage oils. i can almost guarantee if you try this flavor, you will want to try the rest. i thought the flavor was rather sweet, minty and delicious.the rebecca review
i am giving this three stars only because i love the colors and the variety of them. i really needed the piece on the back of the heel because the shoes fit me a tad big. but unfortanely i followed the steps on how to apply the cushion and it did not last at all. it came right off and keep rolling under my heel. very umcomfortable. they were working just fine when i tried it on and left it but when it was time to wear it for longer period it did not work as i expected. i tried the beige cushion that goes behind the heel with a nude heel you could not see the cushion which was good.
smooth.  right size.
perfect size. great to travel with. works well
this roll on smells like menthol and goes on icy cold. i get a cooling, soothing sensation for about 1520 mins then nada. its nice to use after a workout or long day so its been great for me, but you will need to constantly reapply for lingering aches.
i love this toothbrush. it comes with replacement heads so this will last a while before needing to buy more replacement heads. amazing price. last a long time. so many different modes its easy to get the perfect brush with no issues
i love many of life extension's products, and i take two fairly regularly i need to be cost conscious.  it is possible that i do not need nitrovasc, but i noticed nothing over the month or so that i was taking this.
as advertised, good product, good vendor.
great mask. no filter though.but still great mask.
was looking for something different for cleaning toliet. easy to use. good value for the money.
do not buy this! do not buy this! do not buy this! the product does not work very well it is overhyped the battery lasts but a few minutes when they say that it lasts almost an hour. it is a piece of junk add hardly worth what they are asking. i would highly consider using something else cuz this is certainly not something you want to spend your money on nor is it even that pleasurable.!
i have bought a ton of different cotton since i started vaping, from overpriced mavaton and egyptian cotton, cool whic american grown cotton, fire bolt, cotton bacon and more, this cotton here beats them all, it is super absorbent and high quality, i have never been more happy with a cotton before. not to mention you get 13 feet of it in this package, i have already rewicked 5 different builds and gave my buddy a big chunk of it to try and it does not look like i have even touched this package yet. you cannot go wrong buying this!
9 of mine were christmas rolls....and 4 of those rolls were duplicates.
honestly i do not know what my autistic son would do without these
this is so cute travel sized yet it gets the job done! it comes with its own insulated pouch and a gift box. great gift idea
do not think i actually need this . wanted it but i notice i hardly use it. quality is great though!!!
helps these dry  funky eyes.  pricey but worth it for me.
too thick and large!
the arm stand is definitely not sturdy and should not be relied on.
this machine gave fast reading, not sure if the accuracy for the most part though. very compact and easy to carry
johnson  johnson always deliver quality while knock off breads do not. the swab never falls off the stick like they do with other brands. every time i do not buy jj i am disappointed, every time i do, i am satisfied.
sadly my trusted electronic tooth brush finally gave up so it was time to replace it. so i decided this one would work and it works just as well as my old one did. it has the same settings, with 30 second intervals for the different areas reminding me with a buzz that it is time to move to the next area.it charges with usbc which is great, so no more extra cables when i travel, now i can consolidate and use the same cables for phone and tooth brush which is amazing. i feel that it cleanse my teeth quite well and have no complaints. the charge lasts significantly longer than it did on my old brush, amazing how much further tech got since i bought the old one.
there was no curve to this eyelash curler and did not grip eyelashes. would not recommend!
did not even cut the hair... very poor quality
this ointment really helped to relieve my headachemuscle pain quickly. i mixed it with bay rum alcoholado. this is my 3rd order because it works for me.
terrific quality. just as described and promptly delivered.
i decided to give this product a try alongside my order of aeroshot energy and based on the reviews from this product, i was actually pretty excited to get the mintyfreshbreath spray combined with the energy boost. i even bought two!epic fail. yes, this product will give you a minty blast of breath spray that will temporarily last, however the energy level that i received after even overusingoverspraying resulted in no more energy than i would have expected. i felt nothing but fresh tasting breath and clearedup airways.i would definitely say, save your money and pass on this primer peppermint "energy" breath spray. stick with altoids.note see my review on aeroshot energy for a product that actually works!
this product is sweetened but not flavored, so it just tastes like faintly salty from the electrolytes sugar water, but not watermelon, grape, orange, mixed fruit, etc. i doubt dogs would mind the sweetness added to their food, and cats do not taste sweet well, if at all. i have been using this to great effect with my picky eater elderly cat who has inflammatory bowel disease ibd with chronic diarrhea. i just add some of this to whatever he is having. i firmly believe feeding him raw meatboneorgan has kept him alive, since his brother died of the same condition before i discovered raw feeding. i also add ground psyllium husk to help solidify his poop. anyway, i highly recommend for rehydrating sick or chronically dehydrated pets.
great stones for the price. these are not as big or smooth as others i have, but for the price, i cannot complain. i was surprised that these did not come with a list of what stones are included, since it sounds like they are not the same with each order. i know what most of them are, but i have no idea what the others are.
these tablets seem to work very well. i have an older washer and sometimes it gets a musty smell after so many uses. it was easy to use these you just dropped the fizzy tablets in and let the washer agitate. then you stop the washer and let the tablets do their thing for a couple hours. then you turn it on rinse and you are done. my washer smells a lot better and looked a lot cleaner after using them.
they did not stay suck on shoes.  lasted about 5 min
i have been working on lowering my bp for over a yr.  did not want to take scripts for it.  been following natural remedies and a friend suggested this as the amish use it.  finally, today my bp broke  into the 120's.  129 over 79 to be exact!  usually ran in the 190's over 90's..so i am thrilled.  will be re ordering this.
this is an easy switch to make both for the planet and for your wallet. i have had a set of dryer balls a different brand for 3 years and they are still going strong. these do not feel like they are wrapped quite as tightly as my old set, but i fully expect them to last over a year. they do not leave any fuzz behind on my clothes and they do not have any weird chemicals. this is a very affordable option to substitute for dryer sheets.
really like these glucose tablets, they taste good and they increase my sugar pretty fast.
the bags hold scraps of food well, but they are a bit thin. they are also smaller than i expected. i cannot fit them around the top edge of the trash bin that pulls out from one of my kitchen cupboards. however, i really like the biodegradable factor and i am figuring out ways to use them anyway.
good value for price
perfect for traveling, or for home.
i installed it in my kitchen and when i leave a pile of dishes overnight, the difference in odor is night and day.
i love this scent! perfumey and potent, i barely use any of these in the wash and they do the trick. the scent is strong so you do not need much. it do not really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. on clothing, it is very mild, but if you are washing a picky male's laundry you might want to try something more herbal. my husband does not care one way or the other so this is fine for us.i know fabric softenersscent boostersadded stuff are not that great for fabrics but i like my laundry to smell clean. i respond to scent and i have found that i enjoy doing laundry much more if i have nicely scented things to use.i was using purex crystals but the packaging is deceptive, it is only about 34 of the way full. i also have to use more in order to get the benefit of the scent. the downy packaging is a bit better and i do the tiniest sprinkle. one bottle lasts a long time.they open easily i guess so people can try the scent before purchasing and people can steal right from the bottle. i have found halfempty bottles on the shelf before. a friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! so be sure to check your bottles when you make a purchase! it is easy to just grab a bottle thinking it is full and get home to find that some is missing, especially if you are a distracted mom and are in a hurry to get home before your child has an instore meltdown!i now make my own laundry detergent and i use these in one of my batches i make a softeneradded stuff free batch too, for towels and i am very happy with it. only one step and no measuring when its time to wash. the recipe i use is from a blog called aprons 'n pearls and the post is called homemade laundry soap if you want to google it, i found it on pinterest. it uses washing soda, borax, fels naptha, and other ingredients plus these. you only need a couplefew tablespoons per laundry load so one batch lasts a looong time. it takes about 2030 mins to make it.i purchased this through prime pantry and it was 6.99 with a 2.00 coupon, which is still a little bit more than what i would pay in my grocery store. but i needed a new bottle before i would have a chance to run to the store. i paid extra for the delivery but in store this is much less expensive, especially if you can find a coupon.
color is nice and pattern is esthetic, but the paper stock is thinner than other brands and feels a little cheap. you get what you pay for at least in this case.
these stainless steel roller balls leak bad, it literally drips from the ball. horrible.
these are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. the colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. they do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. they come in a nice box that is a great gift.
i am very happy with the product and the seller services.  i have used this vitac serum mixed with my clinique moisturizer for several years.  it is great to see it available on amazon with quick shipping. thank you.
i was afraid this would be difficult to work with, but it is flavorless and dissolves well.  it does not come with it is own scoop, which is a big downfall in my book.  i have to commandeer scoops from my protein powder containers.  i am not sure that i have actually seen a difference in my skin since beginning to use it though.  the container is fairly small for the higher price tag on it.
i would never even heard of white noise machines before i became a parent, and now i am practically a white noise hoarder. i have one in each of my kids rooms, a portable one for travel and one that gets left at grandma's house in case i forget mine. plus a couple extras, you know, in case one breaks. it is bad. i have a problem. but they are just so stinkin' soothing and they cover every squeak of the floor in my 100 year old house so i can sneak into my sleeping kids rooms without waking them up. of all the white noise machines i have had, this one has the least annoying "bonus" sounds of all of them. i usually just use the various white noise settings, but on this one the nature sounds and music are actually really nice! i am impressed! i wish there was a way to have it rotate through all the songs instead of play "twinkle twinkle little star" 500 times in a row, but other than that there is really nothing about this that i do not like. the light is soft and you can select the color of light you prefer or have it fade through the whole rainbow. a rechargeable battery would really knock this out of the park so i could have the option to use it without being plugged in, but it is not something i really need i guess. i would definitely recommend this to any new parent!
my wife liked them ok.
after the birth of my two year old i am finding that my upper back is hurting more and more. my physical therapist suggested i get a posture corrector to straighten and relieve pain. this one is a great choice. unlike other ones i have that did not help, this one has a wide strip of stretchy fabric between the shoulder blades that fits more comfortable but still helps to align my back in place and ease pain. this one can be fastened in the front for easier ability to put on and take off. it is really comfortable and soft. great value
i am beyond upset with this order. there are four sets of metatarsal pads in this box but three of the pairs are for the right foot only see photo and one pair has a left and right pad see photo in it.these are difficult to insert into a shoe because the back is very sticky. this means the first placement has to be final. i was able to insert one pair into my shoes and they offer some comfort. i would have rated this four or five stars if they shipped actual pairs and not pairs for people who have two right feet.this is another product going in the garbage because they are not usable as is.
this purchase was just fine.
i like it! usually i throw half a banana, ice, and some ovaltine with it, just depending on how hungry i am. i do two scoops, which i think comes to less than 2 dollars a meal. use it for breakfast and sometimes dinner too.pro tip save the scoop from the previous purchase, because sometimes the measuring scoop gets buried at the bottom from shipping.
good for removal of the oldest blackheads on soft skin, does not work well on thicker skin.
mistakenly i gave this item a 3 starit does not deserve 1 star..!!!no matter what guard i put on the blade it does not give an even cut ...you can actually see the uneveness of the blade ..it only served it is purpose during an emergency with the pandemic virus we are all under because my girl was getting matted however a groomer told me when he saw it " it is the worse razor to use on pets !!! redirecting me to different ones !!!
best socks ever. warm, loose, no slip. i do not wear anything else. love these!
this is now part of my gift stock. what a nice way to dress up a book or small gift. lovely  easy.
wow...this is great stuff!  if you have ever used a product like armor all wipes, you will recognize the type of material being used.  it is nice seeing the bare micro fiber in a convenient package for so cheap.
i am always looking to make regular meals healthier. i like to replace rice with cauliflower rice, replace white sugar with stevia and use beans where ever i can. i used this sugar to replace half the sugar in a healthier homemade brownie pie recipe i have tweaked with the main ingredient being low sodium canned great northern beans. for all of you skeptics out there, do not knock it until you try it. this recipe is one i found online however i have tweaked the ingredients and trust me it will blow you socks off.ingredients2 cans low sodium northern beans13 cup cocoa powder23 cup quick oats keep whole or blend into a flour14 cup applesauce12 tap salt1 tbsp vanilla extract1 cups sugar half whitehalf agave insulin powder1 cup chocolate chips half milkhalf darkoil is to drizzle in any oil works grapeseed, olive, avocado, vegetableadd all ingredients into a food processor and then on low. while on, slowly drizzle the oil into the food processor until the mixture is smooth then add in chocolate chips and then on high for a few minutes until everything is incorporated into a batter. pour into a pregreased 8 inch circle pan, cook for 25 minutes  and then left cool in the refrigerator for 4 hours. slice and serve! it is best served warmed up with vanilla ice cream!
i was not sure what to think about this, but i saw an infomercial and had to give it a try. i have been wearing glasses for over 20 years and never thought about needing to stop my glasses from slipping off my nose because i usually buy well fitting glasses. however, after trying this i realize that i move my glasses back up my nose all the time! with this nerdwax, i was finding myself trying to move my glasses back up my nose, and realizing they were still in the same place. there is a slight smell of peppermint when you first put it on, but it is pleasant and it does not bother my skin or my nose with the scent. i forgot to put it on one day when i went into work, and i was actually disappointed in myself, which is i guess a good way to figure out that this product actually works, and i truly enjoy it. great job!!
you get a jar of solid soap for use on painting brushes. they suggest using this for oil, watercolor, and acrylic paintbrushes that need cleaning. you unscrew the top and rub the wet, dirty brush against the soap to work the soap into the brush. obviously, you then rinse the brushes. it seems to work fine and seems comparable to the brush soap that i currently use. i allow the soap to dry out before screwing the cap back on.
nice finishing touch for small boxes
not too hot, supportive medium stretch and compression.
i get this every year to keep everyone is immune system up
whoever invented this has given a gift to all caregivers. i have a 41 year old son who is like a 3 month old and with these i can diaper him even though i have many health problems of my own. if you are a caregiver to an adult this is a must have
great feel of card for professional environment.  i will continue to purchase.  the sympathy cards are also a great deal.
i have been using probiotics for some time, they definitely offer benefits to digestion. these gummies are a tasty and effective way to improve your gut health. 5 billion cfus. recommended.
discounted or free itemis it good or bad?i will make the providerauthoreither happy or sad...........and sometimes even mad.one of my earliest memories is going with my father to visit grandpa.  the reason that i remember those trips so vividly is that dad would always take an electric drill with us on those visits.  it turned out that the purpose of those visits was to grind down grandpa's thick toenails.  i was still too young to understand that the human body often provides us with some surprises, but now i have developed a few of those thick toenails myself.  in addition it appears that grandpa is responsible for my thick nasal hair and fastgrowing long hairs that grow both inside my ears and on my ear lobes.  three cheers for grandpa!!!fortunately most of my toenails are normal and do not require extra attention, but up until now it was a real project to keep the affected ones trimmed and under control.  previously i was somewhat successful using a special set of heavy duty clippers that have long handles for leverage, but the results were often raggedy and unattractive.  so being offered this set of clippers for testing and review was a welcome and timely circumstance.  these beautyme nail  toenail clippers appear to be extremely wellmade and durable.  the handles are long and ergonomic and the blades are curved and extremely sharp.  the vendor describes these as 34;premium qualitysurgical grade, and i have no reason to doubt them.the combination of the long handles for leverage, strong spring for strength, and extremely sharp curved blades makes for an effective and precise set of clippers.  they work like a charm on my thick toenails.  the one caution i will give you is to be extremely careful to avoid having the blades cut your skin when using them.  toes tend to be very sensitive and bleed quite a bit.note  if you hit the 34;more34; button under 34;about the product34; on the amazon product page you will see two erroneous references to their blackhead remover kit.  perhaps the company should review and change that verbage.
quality pads and thoroughly soaked in witch hazel.  convenient and good price.  i use these on my face, neck and ears.  also use to clean scratches and cuts.
bought as a gift for my friend and she likes them.  she has not experiences any problems , so i am happy!
perfect. exactly what i was looking for.
my pelvic therapist uses this and suggested it for others to use. medically, it does not burn or because me problems at all. easily washed clean.
this is a great set of gloves. they can be used for many different tasks. you get a few pairs so this is a good deal. they are latexfree for those with allergies. the material is not too thin or flimsy. the length is a bit longer than standard. they are high quality gloves.thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. i hope the information that i have provided makes your decision a little easier.
arrived when expected. love it so farupdatewell i no longer love this. med heat is either too hot or too cool never the same temp. pad bunches up do not buy
great value, consistent product. happy with subscribe and save  so far as i can tell, these are the same as in big box stores and similar value for the money.
i  had lost two of my leads when we moved. i purchased these and they fit and work great
cute design. i am wrapping my granddaughter's presents in it!!!
came as expected
just what i need to keep my medicine organized and not forget to take any.  it has morning noon night and bedtime for each day of the week
my daughter loves it. she does not waste any makeup like with a sponge that it would soak into.
bought for my mini pig, dewey. helps his skin and coat stay soft and shiny.
i have nothing bad to say about the product. in fact, in my opinion,  this is one of their nicest scents especially if you are already fond of lavender.  i am disappointed in myself, however, for not reading carefully and realizing this ridiculously gouged price is for just one bottle.  will not happen again, that is for sure.  __
exactly as advertised and fits perfectly. also fits my merkur 34c. razor a bit short but fine. expensive considering the low cost of the razor.
hubby adds this to his daily smoothie of avocado, banana  kale.  this power has very little flavor so it is a great supplement without ruining the taste of the smoothie.
love this...get one!
for such a lightweight, low cost chair i was surprised how well made it is and how nice the fabric is. as to comfort, well if you are a big guy like me, sitting in the chair for any length of time the armrests will start to dig into your legs and get a bit uncomfortable. it also sits a little lower to the ground than i would prefer. my wife and kids, however, love the chair and think it is very comfortable.
a must have for any first aid kit!
nicely packaged and handy to carry
this allows you to gently touch your skin while not rubbing hard on it. this bottle should last a lifetime.
this is the first time i tried a turmeric curcumin product for chronic joint and muscle pain. i was surprised how quickly i found relief. within the first few days i noticed a reduction in inflammation my knees and the pain was gone. i am a believer in this product!
this absolutely what i have been looking for to use for my low back.
this multipack is only a little bit more than the price my eye doctor charges for one dose.
this just plain did not work. did not spin, did not clean.
well worth it.
wife loves it
one side has floral covering not shown in photo. china post shipping was slow.
i have been wearing contact lenses since 1973.  this product works better than anything i have ever tried, particularly when your lenses are grimy from pollution and irritants.  the generics are fine, but the alcon brand is really the best.
too hot  despite what ad says  burned eye lids  did not curl or straighten lashes
because i cannot take such large capsules, i have to open them up and mix with juice. this tastes pretty good compared to most. so far so good!
i bought the white color since it is the cheapest.the masks are soft and comfortable.  they fit my wife's face much better than all the other masks she tried the other masks were always a little larger for her.the only reservation i have is these masks only have 2 plies.  but then, given how cheap the white ones are, i can always double up.
fine and easy to use.
i absolutely love this product. the smell is so nice and i like the fact that its all natural oils and no harmful chemicals. will be purchasing again soon.
it works. it was fun and informative to see which waters were alkaline
love it!  cannot get enough licorice!
i love this product.
i use this in banana and almond milk smoothies.  it adds a nice color.  the taste is not overpowering but if you do not like beets, you probably will not like this.  the packaging is good, but on occasion i do find that the power gets stuck in the zip closures if that happens i just transfer it all to a glass jar.
product does what it is suppose to do, however, for some reason i kept thinking it was made from silicon. not a huge deal, just though that.
we used these for our wedding, cute little bags, there were a few broken but for the price not bad.
i have a significant problem with arthritis thanks mom!, and i needed a good sized heating pad for my knees. after mumtiple surgeries on my knees, shoulder, elbow, and thumb joints, i go through a lot of cold and heat product, and i have used this one every day for two months without a problem. some of the electric heat pads i have purchased died within 90 days.i do not rate products easily, and i save 5 stars for truly outstanding purchaeee. this was a solid 4.
i love this sunblock, we used it for 4 hours atin the lake.  no sunburn on my 5 year old or i.  i usually use organic expensive sunscreens for him but i forgot them and this is all i had.  it worked great!
lid piece was cracked the first time we used it. returning. maybe we got a dud but lid appears to be cheaply made.
i wish i liked the taste better. they are tolerable  and i am not sure how well they work as i have only been taking them a short time
did work for me. i cannot wear backpacks because they hurt my shoulders and this was like wearing a backpack. very uncomfortable for me.
i could not get this device to stay put in the toe box of my shoe once it was inserted and expanded,  and so it was  not useful at all  am returning it.  also,  after having read other reviews, which suggested this device may be too big for some shoes, i even ordered a size smaller than indicated by my shoe size. even so, it was impossible to jam it all the way into the toe box, and then when it was expanded, it slipped out even farther.it is a design flaw.  if it had an adjustable wood block on the other end of the threaded bolt, that could be used as an abutment against the back of the shoe and it would keep the device in place. with that design change,  i think this device would work well. but as it is currently designed, i found it useless.
works great, seems sturdy, love the bristle cover.
it does what it says!  good cleaning action and rinses well.
i love this thing i sleep on it every night!!
the pads on this are stiff where they do not form around my neck as it should.have to pull the handles to get enough pressure on what it can press upon.massaging on what i can feel are okay.
i did not like these. the top band hit in the wrong place on my lower leg which made these incredibly uncomfortable. i purchased a medium and wear a size 7.58. i think the chart was accurate with the size recommendation. also, these are not a good long term sock. they are not going to hold up well if you wear them daily and wash them often. these are prone to snagging and tearing. i bought to wear in bed while i sleep so i was not hard on my pair at all.
all right, these are rather pricey for only 14 days worth of probiotics, hence the not perfect review. but then again, you should only need them when you have some sort of stomach upsettake antibioticsspecial circumstances. overcoming a nasty case of bronchitis, i decided to give these a try when i came off the meds. they seemed to work, they are easy to swallow and they do not need to be put in the fridge but keep from extreme heat.
tried another brand once but find this is the very best on the market
this eye mask is great! the package comes ready to be given as a nice gift with the box and paper. the mask itself blocks out any and all light. the plush cushion provides enough room for you to be able to open your eyes even without being squished. the strap is what makes it for me, its adjustable and flush so its not being tangled up in your hair or pulling it out.
great taste
usable inexpensive readers that do not cost 24 like the ones at wholefoods. great value for 5 bucks.update my rating dropped by 2 stars due to the tripling of the cost to 15 bucks in a year!
prosit is ecofriendly100 cotton so it is easy to wash and soft on my skin.works well as a makeup remover. it is easy to wash and reuse.conscannot think of any !!!
my favorite artificial sweetener since i found it in hong kong 35 years ago. convenient and easy and 1200 tablets seem to last forever. although it contains saccharin, no nasty bitter aftertaste.
this is a great shaver for woman.  easy to use and waterproof for use in the shower.  holds a charge well and recharges in just a couple hours.  very easy to clean and no nicks or cuts.  gives a very close shave, and no razor burn or bumps. great for legs and armpits and any other areas you may need to shave.
this stuff is really great. i love how it makes my skin feel, its really silky soft and smells awesome. i would definitely gift these to friends and family.
easy to use. looks great. very accurate.
worked great keeping mosquitoes away
helping someone who is unable to get the drops in her eye without the dropper touching her eye.  this works fantastic with the single dose dropper and she was able to administer the drops herself.  it worked so well i ordered a second one for myself.
my girlfriend loves this
this make up brush is so dissappointing. good quality makeup brushes are not hard to find, but the kind that retract seem to be few and far between. i was so glad to find this little brush, because i travel a lot and have trouble keeping my make up brushes clean.as soon as i opened the package, the lids fell off! they are so loose that it is no use even trying to use these brushes for their intended purpose. i tried crimping the lids a little so they would grip, but it was no use. they simply do not fit well, will not stay on and that is all there is to it. this is not a fluke, because i also ordered the retractable blush brush made by the same company, and it has the same problem.the actual brushes are not my favorite, and this little eye shadow brush has made it is way to the bottom of my make up drawer, to languish for a respectable amount of time till i decide to face that i will never use this.  even if i liked the brush, no matter how good the brushes are, if the lids do not stay on the whole purpose of a retractable brush is defeated.another weird thing is that the seller was supposed to be a company called books from boulder. the package came from target! i could have just driven to my neighborhood target store and bought these without paying the shipping. very strange.
this would be adorable for a baby's room.  my living room, not so much.  going to save it foe the next baby shower.
it looks nice. thinner than i expected. i like the option of using kg instead of lb.
this is smaller than i expected but works nicely. it did have some weird discoloration on them but did not seem to cause any alarms.
i really like these bars!  they are balanced well and low in calories. i can keep one in my purchase and if i cannot eat a meal this works as a replacement.
i bought these for my nieces  nephews to have fun with since i enjoyed them in the 70's.  the kids love them!
me and my bf were curious what our blood types were so i order two. they are a really good price i am going to. i am a baby with needles but the one used in the kit is not bad. just a quick prick and you have your results right away. after we got our results we have been making sure to donate blood as much as possible. good kit for
these are really well put together. they have three individual pockets inside and hold a standard capsule.
i have been using collagen powder for a few months now, and have noticed some real changes. the biggest being with my digestive system. i have suffered from stomach issues on a daily basis for years, due to colitis and adhesions. collagen powder supplements are really doing wonders for my tummy, so that i do not have so much pain. they just seem to make things so healthy in there.this colageno hidrolizado en polvo peptides collagen powder mixes very easily into my coffee and my overnight oats. i cannot taste it at all in either one. and, it does not have or leave a nasty powder or grainy texture in the last half of my coffee. i cannot even tell it is in there.this collagen powder comes in an xl large plastic container that is barely half filled with this wonderful supplement. it is such a waste to have to throw out so much more plastic than necessary. otherwise, this is great stuff at a great price! i would definitely recommend it.
not so satisfied with the flavor, although the ingredients are really good
i used this for a tiffany bridal shower. the paper was perfect color and quality of paper. highly recommend
loved the balloons, but the tassel banner was horrible. while trying to put it together, it kept tearing and breaking. really upsetting. just purchase a banner already put together. i did not realize that it was not already in one piece. horrible quality.
to be used sparingly
i always have difficulty keeping heels from slipping when i walk.  these are the best product i have found, my high heels stay on great.
i had tried  bath bombs, which are the same as these but in a smaller size. unfortunately, this large size performs slightly differently as i will describe below.there are 3 super large individually wrapped bath bombs in this set. all are large clouds with a smiley face on the package covering.each one is strongly fragrant when dry and lightly fragrant when in the bath. they also all have the same scent. the ingredients are sodium bicarbonate, citric acid, magnesium sulfate, water, cyclodextrin, peg400, hydrogenated jojoba oil, hydrogenated grapeseed oil, butyrospermum parkii shea butter oil, natural essential oil, fragrance, and fda approved colorants.these are very, very large and fun. they perform well, produce a lovely rainbow of suds, and dissolve in about 1015 minutes. the fragrance is subtle in the bath. however, there is one difference in the results read on.since i personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, i use them in a foot bath. when i was done, the color did not adhere to my foot bath but it turned both my feet pink and  my drying towel. note that the smaller bombs did not do this even though they are the same. perhaps it is the extra profusion of color in such a large size. this is the only reason i rated this 4 instead of 5 stars.the current cost of  19.99 for 3 bombs comes to a very expensive 6.66 per bomb. however, these are certainly way different from typical bath bombs. i like these very much but would have loved them if it did not color my feet and towels. note that the color does wash off the towels in the laundry and in the shower for my feet.
when i read the review that said she was having trouble sleeping due to her psoriasis, i thought, this is something i have to try. i cannot sleep either, but it is because of allergies, and my skin feels like it is on fire.i tried it as soon as the package arrived. oh, baby, where have you been all my life? it is so cooling, which would have been enough, but it also leaves my face feeling baby smooth at my age, that is a big plus. i just used a little bit, and it is made a huge difference.i believe i will be using this cream for a very long time. thanks!
makes nails smooth without the use of a dile.
i have placed two orders of these roller bottles and love them.  they are wonderful and have been a lifesaver for me when i wake with cramps or aches in the middle of the night.  i also take two with me when i leave the house.
its sadly not that good! iso100 fruity pebble for some reason tastes miles ahead of this product, why? it sweet but not in a great way and is just disappointing but its easy to drink the rest of it since i spent the money on it.
product is cheap and do not trust fake reviews.  worked twice before electronics gave out..  complete waste of money and manufacturer does not stand behind products
easy to read and reference for lab values and all sorts of tidbits.  convenient
i have been using this to make my own vape juice and my other half likes it better than the store bought version.
love this heating pad, very nice size
great brush especially for travel.  fits with the dry oil tin.
awesome  cheaper than almost all other  just as good!
could not work without them. can read for pleasure w ease.
we purchased these for use in hotels as we travel alot!  these have been fantastic at taking that unknown as well as the known orders from hotel rooms.  not to mention just deleting cooking smells when we have a room that has a kitchen, but no windows that open or fans.  even fish!
we use this in a 10 x 12 bedroom that once had fire damage from a chimney fire. even after killz paint,new hardwood, new fixtures, central air running, we could still smell it a little in one corner of the room. we recently had a baby and the newborn being in the room with us made me finally try this,  and it worked! at first i was a little uneasy about having something plugged in and running 247, but it only works well if running at all times.  it does put off a little bit of light and it sounds like a small fan.  so it is not super quiet, but the white noise is good for the baby anyway so i enjoy it. overall i am very very happy with this!
not good will not hole
my skin is soft and my ancestors are pleased. great bath sponge, not rough against my skin but still very exfoliating. highly recommend.
this is the only tool i have ever found that removes the water ring in our toilets.  works beautifully.  we also have water rings around our kitchen sink drain and it takes it off immediately.
this is a very nice version of the auto roller. delivered on time, works like a charm. i might go as far as to say this is the nicest one i have ever had or used.
great i will purchase again.
really love it ! using it makes my face better and better. i use it everyday.
best price i could find and arrived earlier than expected.
i was trying to get the hard water stains off my shower door. i would say the product helped, but did not get rid of the spots. will try again. maybe it needs more  frequent applications.
as adverised
my husband and i just got this model after trying a different brand that only allowed us 2 hours of heat. i was worried that i would not be happy with the size because the other one was larger, but this one is plenty big. we both like using it to keep our feet warm, and it certainly does that. plus, i am not waking up every few hours to turn it back on! i love how quickly it heats up and its also very soft. we think were going to forget the heated mattress pad this winter, and just go with this.
my aria scale has worked great for over a year. easy to use daily. i just wish it was not such a pain to reset it and reconnect to the new network when i changed the network name. ultimately works great though.
it is funny because my whole life i have never had cracked or dry feet and i always went barefoot, but for like the last 5 years or so i have tried to always wear something on my feet when i go outside and now my feet are always dry and cracking. sometimes it is pretty bad and very painful. this foot file just took seconds to use, it does not hurt at all and my feet were alot smoother and softer  when i got done. i really like that this can be used wet or dry. it is very light weight and super easy to use. the buffer is made from a natural ceramic and the handle is a beech wood handle that is very smooth. it does have a hole on the handle and it has a piece of twine so you can hang it when not in use. it is very comfortable to hold while using it on your feet.
it is shorter than i am comfortable with. also it does not screw into the bottle so a little unnerving to squeeze it for fear of having the thing pop off into the mess.
they are cheap and durable. they will serve you well for long time. they are not very sharp compares to more professional sets. however, they will do the job as good as many sets in the market.
i noticed that they must have changed the ingredients in the works. it does not clean off rust build up as easily as it did years ago. you have to scrub quite aggressively to get the buildup off now.
this tastes pretty good, although it does have a bit of that protein flavor. it mixed in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops.all in all, it is pretty decent for the price.
