This review is more to clarify someone else’s review bc they didn’t understand understand the labeling!  It shows 1000mg as advertised & another little label says 12mg bc 12 is on the periodic table for magnesium!  I realize not everyone takes chemistry, but 4 ppl liked his review & so misinformation is spreading.  This works. If however you are on opiate level medications that are causing constipation you should talk to your pain dr or your gastrointestinal dr & ask for a medication called Linzess which works must better & must faster, but is unnecessary for most people.  If magnesium is working for you just make sure to take it with food & drink 6-8 glasses of water per day.  Staying hydrated will really help.  Before switching to Linzess I used to take one 1,000 mg pill am & pm every day with meals & always with an 8 ounce glass of water or other liquid.
Love these easy multitasking bleach tablets. Beats carrying home a big old jug of bleach.Walmark has been out of them since pademic hit and was so glad to find hear.
I have been suffering a couple months with heel pain from plantar fasciitis.  I thought I'd give these a try and wow, I was surprised at how much they cut down on the pain.  I wish they came in a tighter and thicker version.
It's cheap and it does what I wanted.  The "massage" function is a joke though.  It comes with 3 little plastic parts that you can scrape your feet on.  Not sure why they even bothered with that.  But it's nicer than sticking your feet in a plain tub.
Didn't do a thing for me. Not saying they don't. just not for me..
I have never been big on vitamins, with the exception of the occasional multi-vitamin. However, during the pandemic, I started on a daily regimen of taking Vitamin C, Vitamin D3 and Zinc every morning and an additional Vitamin C at night. This is a large bottle of three hundred tablets (enough to last me for three months). I typically take all my vitamins on an empty stomach and I have had no ill side effects from doing so. Everyone should be taking these daily to strengthen your immune system (even if you are vaccinated). Highly recommend!
To be honest, my husband did not use this for a balding head. He wanted to try it for his face and for noseear hairs. This is his review. This was a nice man's shaver. It has several attachments which are easy to change out and install. The shave I got was super close and it was easy to maneuver it over the contours of my face. I have to admit it is one of the best shaves I have had in the past few years and for the money it is a good deal. The nose trimmer worked well with no pain or irritation. Highly recommend.
This is a nice basic sound machine. I have used sound machines for years now to aid in getting a quality night's sleep. I have been using Alexa for the past year or so for my sound machine, so I was actually looking for a machine I could take with me when I travel. This is really nice, super compact and can go everywhere. My deduction of a star is only because of the loop, I can her it when the system reaches it's 90 second interval. However, once I am asleep it is barely noticeable and has not disturbed my travel sleep. I will keep this is my overnight bag and will continue to use it when away from home.
This are super colorful great gift giving holiday bags and tags. I always give smaller gifts to neighbors (sometimes home made baked goods, sometimes a bottle of wine). These bags are perfect for this. The drawstring is made of ribbon and seals the bag well. These would also be great for packaging teacher's gifts or for family gifting. Highly recommend. Nice variety, nice colors!
I guess the only product I have in my history of teeth whitening is Crest strips. These do not truly compare to them. These did not cling as well to my teeth as the Crestdo (I had to keep readjusting to assure they would stay in place). As far as actual whitening, I did see a slight improvement in the whiteness of my teeth. The big plus here is that these are about 12 the price of Crest. So, if you are looking to save some money, these might be great for you.
This Jinri hair dryer is among one of the best I have ever owned. Strong and powerful, my hair dries super quick. It has varying speeds and heat levels which allows me to dry and style my hair at the same time. It also fits well in my hand, is relatively light weight, and I can maneuver from the front to back of my head easily. I love this red color as well and it matches my decor perfectly. Highly recommend if you are in the market for a new, quality hair dryer at a reasonable price.
For positives, these are really nice, soft leggings. Super stretchy, high waisted and a deep rich black color. For negatives, they are too small for me. I am 5'7" and weigh about 150 lbs and they do not fit comfortably (definitely too tight). I will be washing them and giving them to my daughter in law who is much thinner. I really liked these, just too bad they aren't a tad more stretchier.
I live in Florida where hard water is definitely an issue. I just purchased my house last September, and recently retired, and I am trying to be careful on spending money. Many of my neighbors have been installing whole house water systems and although I do think at sometime in the future I will look into it, this filter has helped me at least in the shower. I can tell the water is better since I installed it (yes, installation was super easy for me) and my hair feels so much softer and I see less spots on the shower glass doors. For the money, this is a great shower filter and I highly recommend it.
Great way to supplement your daily smoothiefruitveggie shake with vitamins. Given that this is certified organic, Vegan & Non-GMO, it is a great all natural way to give your body an extra boost of Vitamin C. I am deleting a star simply because when I first tried to mix this in just juice, I saw that the powder does not mix well (my juice was cloudy). However, I started instead to mix it with my smoothies and it worked perfectly. No taste, blends well when the mixture is thicker.
This is my new favorite daily vitamin. Totally Vegan, easy to swallow and fills all the daily requirements of my 60+aged body. I have a tendency to skip breakfast most days a week and this vitamin agrees with an empty stomach (no aftertaste, burping, or unpleasant stomach rumblings). This is a lot cheaper than my usual Centrum formula so Amazon has once again turned me away from name brands and over to their store brand names. I highly recommend for any woman over age 40 who cares about their health!
I have a mild form of IBS and have been taking probiotics (in pill form) for years now. I thought I would try something different by using a chewable variety and I was thrilled when I saw this. I was a little skeptical with the title of 'Dark Chocolate' and it brought back memories as a kid of chocolate Ex-lax flavoring. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! The flavor of this chewable probiotic is absolutely amazing. It actually makes me look forward to taking my daily probiotic to help keep my IBS in check. Since taking this, I do feel better and my bloating issues have definitely decrease. As we all know probiotics are good bacteria and everyone (even without IBS issues) should be taking probiotics daily just to help your digestive system perform optimally. If you are looking for a type of probiotic that you can actually like taking, and you love chocolate, this Digestive Advantage Dark Chocolate will definitey fill the bill!
Great pre and post workout mix. Yes, it has aspartane but then again, the last thing I want in my diet is more sugar. I thought the taste was a little sweet, so I did dilute this more than the recommended mixture (you will probably need to do the same depending on your taste). High in electrolytes and protein, this is great for my Florida workouts with the heat and humidity (and I lose more water sweating than in probably any other area of the country). I was previously a Gatorade drinker, but I honestly prefer this Science in Sport and will be buying more.
it was a nice tray  smaller than i expected but my walker has  rubber grips and the tray didnt fit over it  - now what do i do ?  buy a new walker ?  idk what to do to be honest  im assuming all trays will have the same issue due to those grips  companies should realize walkers come with grips and make the trays fit either or somehow
This not only provides a nice scent, but it's also a great way to disinfect & remove wrinkles.Please Lysol, never stop making this, it's an amazing product!
I love this set & definitely will be purchasing more in the future! This set has everything you need to smooth & shape the nails. I highly recommend!
Does a great job cleaning.
Purchased this for my husband because it would be less messy than regular powder.  It IS less messy than regular powder, however, it doesn't work as well.  And it is oddly... greasy?  He reports that it is lotiony in a weird way.  Since you usually use powder to keep areas and creases dry.  If it's lotiony or greasy, not so much.If you're hoping for a replacement for powder - this isn't it - at least in my husband's opinion.
My husband is a big guy with a beard - further - in my opinion - an unusually large head.  So finding washable masks for him as been a real challenge.  These masks are really big.  Fully cover his nose, face and beard.  He really like the comfort of the ear loops which are also part of the "adjustablity."  I am not a huge fan of the hanging mask (for sanitary reasons - "don't mess with your mask" etc)  BUT it does keep the mask from being put down - possibly leaving germs on surfaces - and then picking them up again.  They are washable - highly important to me.  They are simple black.  Nothing fancy.  The point is, they will work.  I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful.  Having said all of that, I just ordered 12 a dozen more for him to use.
In this day and age of excessive hand washing - I HAD to have some of these to save my poor, cracked over washed hands - still have to do the dishes.  They are extra long.  I consider myself to have a medium size hand and they are snug - but not too.  Comes with a set of 3 in 3 different colors -- that happen to work for spring right now - but who really cares.  My hands are grateful.
Husband is type 2 diabetic and with the combo of meds he takes, occasionally low blood sugar is a thing.  These are easy and measured.  He really likes the grape taste, but lets face it, they are really an emergency fix - so taste makes it easier to get down - which is what is most important.  The travel tube is very handy.
Good price, effective, refillable.  I use these for soft scrubbing cleaning.  Keep one in the kitchen and each bathroom.  I purchase the bulk bag of baking soda to refill the shakers.  A great companion purchase.  Add a little vinegar to the sink or whatever you are cleaning with baking soda for a disinfecting property.  All natural.  I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful.  And I hope this info was helpful to you!
Husband likes these because the bristles are pretty stiff... he likes a nice, firm back scrubber.  They seem to hold up.  I will update should new info seem useful.
I thought the &#34;adjustability&#34; of this shoe horn would be good.  And it might have been... EXCEPT for the spring just above the horn.  It makes the shoe horn completely unusable as it bends at the spring!  So... your foot won't slide into the shoe!  If you need a little extra length because bending over is an issue, definately go for the solid, long handle.  I just pitched this one and purchased a solid long handle shoe horn.  Works like a dream.  For the life of me I cannot imagine how anyone thought this one would work.  Garbage.
Very nice.  Looks just as pictured.  I put a yarn project keeper, some yarn and a couple other small items without trouble.  The measurements given were active.  The ribbon is lovely, thick satin ribbon and is white.  Plenty of it with lots of tail after closing the top.  The material of the bag is thin, but effective - I can't see through it.  I would buy again.  It's a lovely, reusable gift bag. It arrived quickly (I have prime) and in great shape along with other items I ordered.
First... I purchased these directly from the manufacturer - thus it doesn't say &#34;verified&#34; purchase for me.  I went to the manufacturer because I wanted to try a smaller set (1 month set) which was not offered on Amazon when I purchased it.1.  A &#34;one month supply&#34; is really only a one WEEK supply - the &#34;effects&#34; are supposed to last one month.  Misleading to say the least.  Should say it's a ONE WEEK supply.2.  I took pictures that show NO difference to my eye.  NOTE:  I used exactly as described on instructions.  ALSO... my front, top 4 teeth are 15 year old porcelain overlays.  Supposedly this system is safe AND effective on dental work as well as natural teeth.  I didn't see it.3.  It is messy and a two step process... Tube # 1 is the a super stain treater and then tube #2 which you apply after using tube #1.  The pic I have included was after tube #2.  NOTE:  The tubes themselves were a serious pain... most of the time they were extremely difficult to get open even with &#34;careful bending&#34; per instruction.  I think I had ONE tube that actually opened without considerable force, which causes the swab to be displaced making it more difficult to apply the treatment.  They also include a tube that you are to use while you are out and about and have eaten or had something to drink that could be potentially staining.  It has a soft brush like tip.4. Initially the solution didn't really effect me one way or the other, however by the end of the 7 days my gums were very sensitive.  I have a sonic toothbrush with an all purpose name brand toothpaste and brushed my teeth prior to each treatment, which I chose to do in the mornings.5.  It is obviously a peroxide formula of some sort.  You can taste it.  With a bit of mint or something mixed in... but there is no hiding the peroxide flavor.6. In the end, photos don't lie.  I don't see any improvement at all.  Photo number 1 is before... Feb 17... Photo number 2 is Feb 23.  The rest were photos I would like to see if I were considering a purchase.  Hope it helps.In my opinion these are a waste of time AND money. I included the photos so you could make your own decision.  I never hesitate to update my reviews should new info seem useful, but honestly, I will not be buying these again either from the manufacturer or from Amazon.
Bought these for my husband.  They have a good grip and were easy to hold onto.  I also likes that they have a larger clip area as your toenails are larger than your finger tips, general speaking.  They are heavy and sharp.  I feel as though they will last for some to come. I never hesitate to update my reviews if new info should seem useful.  They arrived quickly (I have prime) and in good condition along with a few other things I had ordered.
I got this to help with a edible tincture and it works very well.  I must say that a small portion goes a long way.
I bought these to wear when I take my contacts out.  FYI, they are a little wide.  I am a girl and I think they are meant for big headed boys.  :)  All the same, I love the style.  Just wish they were a little bit tighter at the temples.  The appear to be good quality and I don't see any distortion in the lens.
was just as described, very happy with purchase.
Removes odors effectively and has a nice smell.
Jury still out. Getting used to.
I bought two of these. I have an expensive one at home and needed something smaller and less money for work and for when I travel. Though it may not be "as powerful" as my expensive one at home, it does the job. I keep the one at work in a cosmetic bag, with toothpaste, toothbrush and a small mouthwash and it's perfect to tote to the restroom after lunch and keeping my teeth clean. The other is in my travel cosmetic case, so when I go out of town - I just charge it up and off I go. For $9.99, you can't beat the price.
More of a dull gold vs bright gold
very  nice  bags,  elegant  look  and  excellent  packing in  its  own  wrapped  box.  I  have  purchased  again, and  you  will  be  happy
The first time I used these socks, they were difficult to pull on, but after washing were easier, and so worthwhile!
I got this for my mom as a gift and she loves it! Crap i love it! Fast shipping too! Will buy again!
good size and sturdy
I give this a solid 4-stars because it contains lots of good ingredients and tastes reasonably good.  I thought it seemed to help my digestive system, but haven't taken it long enough to know for sure.  The only problem that I found with this is that it doesn't mix up really well in a glass of water.  You have to stir it quite a bit and you still seem to have small pieces and residue that doesn't mix in well.  This is the first time I have really tried a "superfood".  I tried the green one (vegetable mostly), but am thinking of also trying the red (more fruit, I assume).  For less money, you can probably buy fruits and veggies that will give you the same nutrition, but this may be more concentrated and probably a decent partial substitute for not eating correctly.  The only bad ingredient that I could see is that it contains some sugar.
Love this product!!!! Will order more. So easy to use & stays strong
A little difficult for kids to use but ok for the price
Unfortunately I’m returning this item. I tried it on and it was fairly simple to figure out how to adjust it. It definitely felt like it was pulling my shoulders back and I could instantly feel a bit of relief from my poor posture. However once on and snug, it cuts into my arm pit area too tightly. It may be my size or my sensitivity level. I’m a female, 5 1’ and weigh about 125. I don’t not recommend this product since it seems like it would be effective, it just wasn’t for me.
While this didnt seat on my walker bars well, it worked great for picking things up.I got the 26 inch one because the 36 in. one picked up good but it was a long reach to grab what I picked up. This one is perfect! It is a very sturdy piece of material especially the grabbing fingers. There is a rubber coating so what you pick up, doesnt slip out.
My uses it everyday
I’ve only used these cups a few times as my husband shares his coffee with me & this cup & amount is perfect.I previously bought another brand that came with a clip on handle and they are okay for store sampling, one time use, but since I could feel the hot coffee, I had to use two.These cups are thicker & sturdier as I’ve used them multiple times since my husband makes 3-5 coffees per day, depending on if we share them and I’ve haven’t had to replace the cup because of multiple uses even if it sat for awhile in between cups.I would definitely recommend and I would definitely rebuy.
Very satisfied with this purchase. For the price it's a great value and cheaper then the party stores I think. Only a handful were broken and out of 250 items I tho k that's good. Didn't know it had so many tattoos though and is mostly the slappy sticky toys
These gummies aren't soft at all.  They are hard and stick to the teeth.  The flavor is good and the fiber is good, but just much to hard.
This product is relaxing.  It is a little expensive, but it's nice and soothing.  It's made in the USA.I would buy this product again.
I'm kind of between a 6 and a 6 12 so some shoes are too tight and some are a little loose.  These pads help with the 6 12 for the ones that are a little loose. Adds a bit more comfort for long wear.
Great for little ones. The color holds well and the design is cute.
These fit as expected and fit well.  They are snug as to be expected with compression socks.  The color and style are cute. They wash well
Even when sitting the tabs come off.  They don't stick well.  The TENS unit stimulates like it's supposed to, but even when just sitting still the pads come off. they need better adhesive.The unit isn't rechargeable.  You have to use batteries.  You can buy rechargeable batteries for it.
Blends great, very subtle flavor. I've used it for smoothies, but when I realized it doesn't taste awful, I started using it to cook toaster-sized protein pancakes to store in my freezer.
Blended well into my smoothies. Not much taste difference with the other vegetables and things.
The selfie stick is easy to use and easy to hold.  I love that it has the bluetooth remote.  So much easier than setting the timer for selfies. It extends to a good length and the tripod is a great bonus!  Love everything about it!
These wipes are great!  I love that they are flushable.  They clean well and have a pleasant scent.  These are portable packages.  I like the idea that you can throw them in a bag without having a bulky, plastic, space hog container. After problems with the septic tank, these are not good for the septic tank. I'm sure they eventually dissolve but not right away.You must know... The listing says it comes with 12 packs, it only comes with ONE.  In which case, you have to return the one package to receive a credit.  I didn't return mine in time, therefore, I paid $22+ for only one pack of wipes.  Not sure how this became my fault, but it is what it is.
I don't hate these but I don't love them either, they are okay but they don't curl my eyelashes as good as others I've used before, they just don't, they barely curl them at all not sure why and my assumption is that they just don't curl your eyelashes very well. On the flip side they are easy to use and do not slide while you're using them (at least hasn't happened so far) so that is a good thing I guess, if that is what you're looking for. Also they do come with refills and everything else so that's also a good thing. I personally have had quite a few moments where I have trouble using curlers sometimes so these are good in that aspect, but other than that I'd say they don't really curl very well.
Not a fan of this, it's very nice to stare at or as decoration for the bathroom, the little cup they come on is cute and they look pretty, bu otherwise as far as soap goes it comes apart super easily. I would have to say 1 soap lasted me for about 2-3 times on the shower. Honestly I only took them to see if they were nice and they fall apart super easily also have a rough texture to them which is kind of strange considering they come apart really easily. The soap doesn't feel like soap at all though and doesn't make a lot of bubbles either it's just weird. In my opinion if you want it as a visual for your bathroom or just for decorating it's really fine but as far as soap goes, I'm sorry to say, one of the worst I've bought so far :s
I have been adding collagen powder to my coffee for over a year now. I really like this one. It is undetected once in my hot cup of coffee. It dissolves very quickly and leaves no clumping. I have noticed improvement in my knees and lower back since using collagen. I will keep taking it for as long as I can!
I have high blood pressure. I have a wrist monitor, but I wanted a full size one. This one has a large, easy to read display. It seems to be pretty accurate. I am on medication for my hypertension and my results from it seem to be as expected. Batteries are included. It also can be charged with a USB C cable (included).
I have had a lot of blackheads lately and have been looking for ways to deal with them. I saw this and thought it was interesting. After several attempts, I'm not sure that I am using it correctly. The directions really aren't that helpful. My first attempt was painful! I had the device suctioning a blackhead and then I couldn't get the device off! I finally figured out how to turn it off and was able to release it, but it hurt! Luckily it didn't leave any lasting marks. I'm going to look up some videos to see if that helps me before I give up on it.
My husband makes a meal replacement shake for breakfast every morning. This plant based one has 15 servings in it. It mixes well with water. He does use a blender for the job. He usually adds some frozen blueberries. It's palatable. It does taste a bit "green" as many other plant based protein powders do. He says it's filling and satisfying.
I am just getting over the worst hemorrhoids of my life! I have had them a few times in the past, but nothing like this time. The itching & burning was excruciating! This has been quite helpful! This fits on the toilet without any problems. It's deep enough that you can add enough water to actually sit in. It collapses flat for storing. This is just the seat and does not come with any hose or spray attachment. I found that I didn't need that and this was more than sufficient.
My daughter likes to wear stylish sneakers that don't have a lot of arch support. She recently came home from college for a visit and only brought the shoes she wore with her which happened to be a pair of these shoes. She was using our home elliptical machine and complained afterwards because the shoes weren't very supportive. I ordered these for her to see if they would help. These inserts are customizable. They can be trimmed for fit and then there are little pieces that you can add under the arch area in case you need to increase the arch support. She says that they do improve the arch support, but she would prefer one with extra cushion support in the heel and other areas, too. Overall, she does like these and is much happier with her shoes since she's added these.
I have tried a few similar silicone face mask brackets and I feel that these really are the best! What makes them stand apart from the rest is the silicone strap. Basically, you are wearing 2 separate things - the bracket and your mask. After nearly a year of wearing masks, I have found these to be the most helpful when it comes to preventing my glasses to fog up. The silicone is very soft and non-irritating. The storage cases are an added bonus in my opinion. Love these!
Our guest room doesn't get very dark because of transom windows. I used to feel badly for our guests, but then I started keeping a basket with sleeping masks on the nightstand. The masks are always new, but for frequent visitors, I keep their chosen masks in a  labeled Ziploc baggie for their next visit. The masks have always been adult sized, so now I am happy to have one that will fit my preteen niece.  This is a thin mask, but it's very soft. It has a soft, fuzzy fleece fabric which is the same on both sides. The elastic strap isn't adjustable. I did try it on and it did fit snuggly on my large head, but it wasn't tight. It does block out the majority of the light. The dalmatian design is sweet. I think these sleeping masks would make a nice gift.
This is a nice basket of bath bombs. The basket itself is a decent quality. The bath bombs are a little smaller than I expected, but they seem to "explode" slowly so you can relish the experience for a moment or two. The bombs are individually wrapped in plastic which has been a little difficult to open. The first bomb that I used, said it was grapefruit, but didn't smell anything like the fruit. It had more of a flowery perfume scent. The next one that I used was the peppermint one and it did smell like peppermint so I don't know if the grapefruit one was mislabeled or not. The bombs haven't left any noticeable rings in the tub. This would make a great gift!
These masks are comfortable to wear. The material is soft and slightly stretchy. These do not have filter pockets, nose bridge wires, or adjustable ear straps. I like the polka dot prints!
My husband and son prefer wearing the disposable masks, whereas my daughter and I like the cloth ones. After months and months of wearing the blue disposable ones, my son was actually pleased to have a different color! These are more of a dark grey than black, but it's something different! The mask quality seems to be comparable to other disposable masks. One thing that I really like is that these are packaged in small quantities so they're more likely to stay sterile until use.
My daughter and I like wearing pretty masks when we're out.  This is a cute, red bandanna print one. It's a little large, but we have some of those silicone pieces that we were able to slide on to the elastic so we can customize the fit better. They are made well, too.
My family follows a low carb diet. These low carb snack bars are quite satisfying. I was full for a good couple of hours after eating one. They are surprisingly soft and chewable. I expected them to be hard and dry, but they aren't. I would rate the taste as in between a 3 and a 4. They're definitely palatable. I've had some bars that I've literally had to force myself to eat. I found it easy to eat these. You're not going to mistake them for candy or treats. These would be easy to keep in your bag or take on the go.
This pill travel organizer is too cute! I love it! I only take 1 prescription pill, but I do take an assortment of vitamins and supplements. The slots in the primary case are large enough for the larger sized vitaminssupplements. It's geared for 7 days, and there are morning slots and evening ones. Technically, you could use this for 2 weeks if you combined your ampm pills. The compartments open and close easily. The pill box fits nicely in the carrying case. Did I mention that it's really cute?? It also comes with a smaller pill case too. I've use one like this for overnight or weekend trips. The compartments can hold my large fish oil capsule! I keep my small case filled with one or two of my prescription tablets and then keep it in my purse. Then if I realize that I forgot to take it one day or if I forget to bring it with me when I go out of town, I'm alright.
I started wearing sleeping masks to bed a few years ago. They really help when my husband stays up and watches TV or in the summer when the sun rises so early. These are light weight and very soft. They're adjustable so you can get a perfect fit. The block most of the light. I have found that a little light still comes in around the sides. They are comfortable to wear during sleep. I tend to forget to bring one with me when traveling, so I'm putting one of these in the pocket of my small suitcase so I have it with me.
This is a good selection of balloons for a graduation party. I loved the confetti filled ones! The numbers are huge, but one of the four numbers had a leak in it from the get-go. We taped it up, but it was never as full as the other ones.
Nasal sprays, like this, are great to have on hand, especially in the cold, dry air. It's easy to use and instantly moisturizes the nostrils. I am glad to report that while the listing says it is for a pack of 72, I only received one. There's no way I could use all 72 bottles before they expire!
I just turned fifty recently and have been taking multi-vitamins for the last several years. This one is a large, &#34;horse pill&#34; type vitamin, but I haven't had any problems swallowing them. They don't upset my stomach nor do they cause my urine to be bright yellow. I love that it comes with enough servings for about two months. I have noticed that I am not as tired in the afternoons as I usually am which I am attributing to these. They seem to be a good, basic vitamin.
I am a fan of Method Cleaning Products. I've been using the Method All Purpose Cleaner for several years now. I was trying to reduce the chemicals used in my home. One of my favorite things about the Method products, is the scent. This one has a light, apple scent which smells really nice. I have a stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. This cleaner does a pretty good job of removing finger prints, but I haven't had much luck with removing the water drips on my refrigerator below the water dispenser. The only thing that I have had any success with getting rid of those is the Bar Keepers Friend Stainless Cleaner. But now with this cleaner, I can use this for frequent touch ups on refrigerator and overall on the stove and dishwasher and use the other cleaner for the water drip marks.
The Mountain Falls Ultra Sunscreen is a very affordable alternative to the big name brand sunscreens. The first thing I noticed about this sunscreen, is that the scent is pretty mild. It does have the typical smell that goes along with products containing sunscreen, but it's not very strong at all. In fact, it's barely noticeable when you first open the lid of it. It absorbs pretty quickly into the skin and doesn't leave any greasiness behind. It seems to do a good job of protecting, as long as you remember to reapply it regularly.  Every year, I cringe at the prices of sunscreen out there. This is a non-cringe worthy, comparable product.
I am in my late 40's and can't see up close without my reading glasses. I recently purchased a vanity mirror for my bathroom with 5x magnification. I was horrified with what I saw! The wrinkles didn't bother me - that goes along with age. But I have lots of blackheads on my temples! I couldn't see them before. I have used the acne tools - the ones that look like dental tools and they work okay, but those often leave behind temporary redness. And you have to be precise about the location because of the small tips. I found this ultrasonic cordless skin scrubber to be much more effective at getting rid of the blackheads! And it doesn't leave behind any redness! The end of it is about an inch and a half wide and it is able to scrape out the ugly blackheads. You can see the dirt and grime on the tip after you've used it. Gross! Now as far as the scrubber goes, it comes with a charger. Once it is on, it has a vibration thing going on. It heats up a little bit, but not to the point where it is too hot to use or it burns. I just can feel a little heat from it while it is in use. There's a silicone cover to go over the metal end when it is not in use. I am thrilled to have found this!*I received this for free in exchange for my honest &amp; unbiased review. My thoughts &amp; opinions are my own.
I have been looking for storage for my make up brushes. I've been keeping them in some cardboard desk organizer boxes, so this is a huge improvement!  The acrylic is quite thick. I have other acrylic make up organizers and not all of them are this thick. The wells are deep enough that make up brushes won't fall out. I once ordered an acrylic organizer geared toward brush storage, but the compartments were so shallow, that my brushes wouldn't stand up in it. I ended up using it for something else instead of storing my brushes. I'm not sure what I will use the smaller well for. It looks like it was designed to hold business cards. I'm sure I'll come up with something! I am very pleased with the quality of this organizer. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't hold all of my brushes! Or maybe I just have too many!*I received this for free in exchange for my honest & unbiased review. My thoughts & opinions are my own.
This is a basic, no frills diaper bag. Not only is it large, but it has a lot of pockets, too. I ordered this for a baby shower gift. I plan to use it as the gift bag & fill it with items for the baby. And since it's so large, I will have a lot of filling to do! Because of it's neutral design, it will function well for both mom & dad. I wish the handles and the shoulder straps were both a little longer and had some padding for comfort. The changing pad and the zipper compartment are appreciated!*I received this for free for the purpose of trying out & reviewing. My thoughts & opinions are my own.
I recently purchased some lather cream for my husband as an alternative to his usual shaving cream. So when I was offered a coupon for a shaving brush, I jumped at the chance to get one so he could properly use his lather cream. He's been using his new shaving brush for a couple of weeks now and so far, so good. First of all, I was impressed with the packaging. It came in a nice box which would be excellent for gift giving. The handle is sturdy & fits nicely in your hand. The beaver hair is surprisingly soft.  My husband is pleased with the lathering that the brush produces. The brush did have some shedding at first, but as the description states, that's normal and after those first few hairs, my husband hasn't noticed any more shedding. My husband has never used a lather brush before, so he doesn't have anything to compare it to, but it appears to be doing a good job and he's pleased with it.
I don't have a lot of problems sleeping, but when I do, it's very frustrating! Last night I was awakened by an emergency alert on my phone. I was unable to fall asleep afterwards. After about an hour, I decided to try one of these supplements and it worked very well. I was able to fall asleep again. In the morning, I felt just fine. I didn't feel sluggish or tired. I usually take Tylenol PM or something like that and only on the 2nd night of having sleep problems. I will definitely use this instead of the Tylenol PM next time I need something to help me sleep!
Works great and very well made
No pain relief nor warmth . Was a real disappointment, if it was not a bad roll, this product advertising is a complete lie.
It's very cushioning; however, it's very slippery, it made my heels slip out with every step I take.
Great quality hot water bottle. Love it.
Barely makes any bubbles
Do not waste your money.  These are a joke.  They wrinkle up once they get wet and then the center never dries.  Its like trying to wash with a wrinkly piece of cardboard.
It doesn't have a temperature control and it doesn't cut off automatically, and it drys out my hair. However, I will say it makes nice curls on the shorter sections of my hair and it is a nice size.
I really like this pill crusher. It also has two storage compartments to store either pills or crushed medicine and a very nice pill splitter that adjusts for various sizes and shapes of pills.
DO NOT BUY. I purchased two packs and  received old products, the Tums were supposed to be chewy; however, they were dried out and hard. They are definitely not a chewy delight. Also, they are way over priced.
This polisher did exactly what I wanted it to do
These are poolshower quality ear plugs! I have bad swimmers ear, even in the shower 🚿, these come with the coolest metal keychain worthy container and a great lite neckstrap to hook up your earplugs , place the plugs in your ears and shower or swim 🏊‍♂️.. then just hang them up to dry out!
I like these reading glasses a great deal for reading in reasonably good light.  In dim light I need stronger magnification, but for most uses, these are fine.  They are attractive and each pair has a carrying case, but the cases are a little tight.  I like this product because I like to stash reading glasses around the house, and these are reasonably enough priced that I can afford several pair.  All in all, highly recommended.
Great little trimmer for nose hair and also other smaller hairs on face and ears. Easy to use and charge.
I like taking Ashwagandha as I find it helps me focus more on my workouts. Not that it gives more more energy but I just feel like I can finish all my sets without get board? Overall pleased with this Ashwagandha supplement. I take every day and it has not cause any stomach issues.
These seem like great quality cough drops with beneficial ingredients for when you are under the weather. A couple downsides for me are that the outside of them are rough so they cut up your mouth a bit and secondly no place saying where they are made. They have a mildly sweet and minty taste.
I sometimes get a stiff neck and my neck always hurts a bit to tilt back from some whiplash I got. I thought this would feel good on my neck, but it kinda just feels like it’s sharply jabbing into my neck. Maybe I need to do it more. Easy to use and well made. Need to give it more time to see if it makes a difference.
These are pretty crystals and stones. Nice to carry around to help with stress.
Seems like a quality product from a brand I trust. So far no stomach discomfort and seems like a supplement I can benifit from. Hoping it gives me more energy
Great tasting vitamin d gummies. Easy to take and seem like great quality.
I will be using this in between waxes. I have been traying to wax almost after every wash because the cars stay cleaner longer. I've switch to alternating with this  in between waxes and it provides the same amount duration. Very shinny and much faster than waxing. Waxing a mini van is no fun. :)
Great quality bags. Look just like picture. The handles come unattached but are easy to attach.
Compatible to Ensure. Not something I drink for fun or taste but when eating is a challenge like when sick or unable to eat solid foods. Or when I need to grab something quick that will fill me up for a while. Tastes better chilled.
Super cute gift bags. They would also make great reusable lunch bags. Come with thanks you tags and string to attach. Durable and make gift giving fun. Great to keep on hand for last minute gifts.
Very cute Halloween decorations that include a variety of items to decorate with. Will be fun to decorate with closer to Halloween. I know my kids will enjoy them when I put them up.
Great bags. Versatile and perfect for a variety of occasions. Well made. Easy to throw a quick gift into.
I wanted to try a cleanse that wasn’t a powder. This one has an interesting combination of ingredients, any of which seem like that would do the trick lol. Didn’t take long to start working. Definitely felt less bloated.
Great tasting protein powder. Seems to be a quality product as well. I added it to a blender with water and ice and it was a quick and satisfying protein smoothie. Filling and tastes great.
Seems like a quality product. I mixed a scoop with water, ice and frozen banana for a quick protein smoothie. It tasted great and was filling and satisfying.
This looks like a quality product. I’m trying out regular ashwaghanda currently but want to try this after a month of that. It seems really promising.
This olive oil looks good, smells good and tastes like high quality extra virgin olive oil. Took off a star because I don’t know if this is a reputable company for something I will be consuming. Also, Costco is known to have some of the highest quality Organic EVOO, so I usually just buy that.
This gives me the energy I need but the taste isn’t that great, kinda like surgery chemicals. I use this before weight training and light cardio. It mixes ok.
Doesn’t mix a well as other products I’ve tried. There is a blob of unmixed powder that’s suborn and won’t dissolve. This Watermelon flavor is strong and tastes much better than the mojito flavor. Performance wise it gives me the boost I need for my workouts. I can’t say it’s any better or worse as far as the energy boost goes compared to competing products.
These is a great sleep mask. I have a few that a too over the top. They just need to be like this one simple and soft. Silk is the way to go. You almost don't know you're wearing this. Fits well and is adjustable.
Great generic Vaseline. Has a light scent to it and works just as well as the name brand.
Seems to be a quality brand as I like a lot of their products that I’ve tried. This is good added to a smoothie, juice, soup, baked goods. It gives a nice color to recipes as well as added health benefits.
I’ve heard a lot of good things about this supplement and it’s many health benefits and how it’s been around for a long time. This was my first time tasting it and I heard it gets its name from how gross it tastes and it didn’t disappoint. It’s name translates to it smelling like horse. It was hard to get down mixed with just water, but it has such a strong taste that it would prob ruin the taste of anything you mix it with. So best just to mix it with water and drink as quick as possible. I wanted to take off a star for how gross it was, but if it’s meant to be that bad it’s not the products fault. I have tried other products from this brand and it seems to be high quality.
I hate all the artificial colors and flavors in Gatorade, so this is a great alternative. I followed the directions and mixed it with 8 oz of cold water and it was easy to dissolve and tasted like sugar water. Would probably taste better mixed with a little juice to give it some flavor for a child. But overall seems like a great product for all members of the family.
Generic brand of Vaseline. Seems to be identical to name brand. Multipurpose and handy to have on hand. I have tried one other product from Solimo, a spray sunscreen, and have been very happy with it. Seems to be a quality line of products.
My grandkids enjoyed this probiotic. I tried one and it’s has a very sweet fruit punch flavor that seems similar in texture and sweetness to a pixie stick.
Have a hole in your tooth from a crown falling out? It works.
Was it really necessary to use a photo for this product featuring a woman gleefully waving doughnuts at the camera?  I realize this is a product targeted to plus size women, but the doughnuts image  is stereotypical and offensive.  That being said, the product works well enough for what I wanted.  But please, just use a photo of a woman modeling the arm bands and lose the doughnuts.
I like it. Its smaller than most pill organizers, which I prefer since I only take a few pills. But honestly, it isnt worth more than $3-$4. Wait for the price to go down because even paying $5 for this, I thought I was overcharged. If you really love the aesthetic of the rainbow, go for it. But if you need more space for vitamins and pills, get something else.
Love this little thing.  I had a moldy smell in my bathroom.  Getting ready to renovate but until then bought this to help with smell and toxins.  After about 3 days the smell was completely gone.  Amazing.  Quiet little fan which is not annoying.
Good Product
I just received this item and I hadn't even tried it on, but I could tell from the feel of it I made an excellent choice. If you need a head strap for plastic frames that slide down your nose (as mine always do), get this product! It is even better than I had hoped: the strap is very lightweight, you won't even know you have it on. I wear behind-the-ear hearing aids -- the pieces that attach to my frames are very thin and pliable and fit nicely in my crowded ear space! The part that goes behind your head has a velcro fastener with the very cool company name on it. The strap sits low on my neck and is hardly noticeable, even with a shaved head. This strap is well worth your money and will do the job perfectly! The only available color is black -- I would have preferred some other -- but because of how well it works, I can easily overlook the matter. Order today!
Works very well and easy to use, good results
Excellent! Product. Fragrance Is Lovely & Only A Few Drops Are Needed In My Difusers To Scent My Large Rooms. Works Well With My Carrier Oil For Massage & Moisturizing My Skin, Fragrance Rises Mixed With Carrier Oil. This Is An Extremely Generous Size Bottle For The Stellar Price Point. Definitely My Go To Oil Now. Going To Stock My Gift Closet With It Also.
Beautiful Soft Bristle Brush w Reverse Massage Nubies. Great Color. Works As A Fantastic Soft Backscratcher (not advertised for this use), my personal discovery. Shalom! To All.
I used this after I dislocated my shoulder and double tore the labrum in my shoulder. This was great to make sure my shoulder didn't dislocate again and provided additional comfort and protection.
Quality is great......price is great!!!!  What more could one &#34;ask&#34;!!!!
Great make up remover. Smells nice.
Reminds you to stand up straight. No miracle but keeps you aware of your posture.
Great system helped me organize dad's pills for a month at a time.
Hard for me to remove from my finger. Seems to do a good job
It seems to work well but isn't comfortable enough and doesn't disappear under clothes. I think I'm wearing it right though; I followed all of the instructions. I ended up sticking it in a drawer and resolving to try again another time.
Gave you 12 year old granddaughter. She loves it.
Great for those who can't bend over well.
I love the colors and that we can store 4 batteries in each case and we can also attach them together. I think this is a great buy if you need to take batteries with you or simply store them organized.
Great idea, but NO instructions…such as length of time to microwave, ans Safety issues (container with steaming hot vinegar requires careful handling ane this unit is NOT stable…tophead will topple)
Best bug repellent, especially great on sensitive skin with a pleasant oder
I usually take biotin and ran out.Thought this would be the same  taking these.This has allot of other vitamins in it that I take separate, but the other vitamins In thisAre not strong enough ! Same problem with taking multi vitamins , allot but not enough!You have to take these for a while to notice if there working, as with most vitamins,  and these are pricey for 30 days.
Before I ordered these Omega 3 fish oil caps I wanted to check them out first to make sure these where a good high quality.Not from farm raised chemical farms.Sustainably sourced, wild caught,Not from a country with filthy water,  Not a bunch of unhealthy strange fish mixed in etc.This is wild Alaskan Pollock, that is as high in omega 3 as Wild Salmon.  This True Grace omega 3 came through higher then what I expected.The soft caps are easyTo swallow, no burping. .If you do not want a heart problem, and want to keep your brain sharp , you have to eat healthy, walk, and take these omega 3s.Eat allot of veggies, no processed food, less salt, organic, lite on the meat.It paid off for my hubby after two heart by passes, and not traveling and eating out anymore.5 stars.
I have a old electric Braun oral B tooth brush I was not using.Now I decided to recharge it and use it, but I thoughtMy older brushes were too stiff , so I ordered these as it says there soft!There just as hard as my old Braun tooth brushes, but these have smaller brushing area on Brussels.
This teeth whiting kit has everything in this , it’s complete.My husband is a coffee and tea drinker, even though we get our teeth cleaned ever4 to 5 months, ( we are older) He doesn’t like that his teeth are not as white as they should be.He has used this teeth whiting kit 3 times, and his teeth are looking whiter, althoughThis cannot get teeth as white as the dentist does.My teeth are very sensitive , and I won’t try this.
What a lovely presentation to give as a gift.That said I eat almost 100 % vegan, and not looking to lose weight, as thisSays it will keep you full.But I’m looking for eating healthy.MCT oil is healthy for your body, and I use it for my Salads with allot of seasonings.There is not any taste to this.Most people use this in there coffee, which I do not drink, andIn there Tea.  Although I do drink tea but I have not put this in it.But I do put this in a smoothie when I’m in a rush and don’t haveTime to eat.  Although I think smoothie are a waste as there is notAny fiber left in a smoothie there so parred.I do think this is pricey, and is clear that it should be.Comes in a nice Glass clear bottle that looks like  a bottle of vodka!
This DDgro back brace is made sturdy.It feels like there is 3 medal type of thin bars in the back, that are comfortable.I felt good wearing this , actually for my bad posture.My husband wears this when his back is sore, or doing some gardening, and lifting things.My husband wears jeans that are size 32 waist,  and I wear a size 8 or 10, this brace is a large, and a Medium would have been to tight for us.Hope this helps.
These DGL are different then the chewable have taken before.Truthfully when I ordered these I did not realize these are capsules,Although easy to take.That said , for me they did not help a strange indigestion I get, like theChewable do!
I live on a well for water, and get minerals in our water that gets a ring in our toilets even though IClean the toilets 3,4 times a week, and some bathrooms do not even get used.I have been using pumice stones for a long time .You get two in this  package, and they have thick plastic handles that have not broken with pressure.That said this white soft pumice is too soft for my toilet , and did not take offThe mineral ring as other gray pumice stones are harder and have easily taken the rings off.
This has D3 that is called the sun vitamin, and is it’s good for our bones.As we get older we do not absorb vitamins as good, and alsoThe sun. Although too much sun can cause Cancer of the skin.Before taking D3 you should get tested toActually know how much you need.I now need to take 10,000 mg of D3, and I Live in California andGarden everyday.The K2 mK7, and Mk2 in this takes the calcium fromYour arteries to your bones and teeth that keeps the calcium from cloggingUp your arteries, Although I likeThe K2-MK4 better, but that one is pretty Pricey.Now I notice there is K1 in this which surprises me!K1 clots your blood, and many people take a baby aspirinTo thin there blood a bit for there heart as they get older, so I feel that K1Would defeats the reason for taking a baby aspirin.If any one takes any type of a blood thinner they should Not take K1 at all,Or talk to your Dr. first.I’m only giving this a 2 stars cause of the K1 in this.
I like these Pacific gloves, there nicer then other gloves I have bought before.The gloves are very comfortable, not the heavy thick ones  that I have bought at the grocery store before, thatHave always been too big, clumsy,  and uncomfortable, and I usually would only use about 3 times and forget about them.These are a size medium, fit me, but the small would have been better, I have long thin fingers.The inside is soft and actually feels good.I use these Pacific gloves for doing the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher, and washing my heavy cast iron pans.These gloves Get a good grip on heavy cookware.I also like the sleeves  are long, and the water does not run inside, and I use them for gardening.Good price for two utility gloves.
If you want something healthy this is it..I use the super Chlorella Powder when I make a smoothy in my vitamix.The taste of Chlorella is not the best to just drink it alone. I add organic frozen cherrys, part of a Apple, carrot, celery, bananaEven cabbage, and ice.I’m not a coffee drinker, but this drink gets me going in the morning, or a fast drink during the day.I really cannot find anything I do not like about this Chlorella powder..it’s organic, high in A& B-12,  cracked cells-easier to absorb,No wheat-no Gluten.
The boxes of Puffs came at a good time, as we are having allergies with a change of seasons..These are 2 ply. I’m use to a 3 ply tissue that is softer then these Puffs.These felt thin and rougher then what I’m use too, but when I used oneThey seemed a bit thicker then what I expected, but Not a full size tissue. Rather on the small side.These small boxes Would be nice next to a bed in the guest bathroom, nursery , car etc.If I had a cold this would not be the Tissue I would want to use. My husband was Not a fan of these.
Not only are these very helpful when you have a sick child with the flu etc.My husband had open heart surgery over a month ago, but when he came home from the hospital his electrolytesWhere still off.I mixed one of these with water, he drank it as his Dr. Told him too when he called him to say howAwful he was feeling. This mommy’s Bliss saved us a trip back to the hospital, but put my husband back on track to recovering.
Nice large 21oz. bottle of a body lotion I have not heard of before!The scent is Cherry Almond. The first scent I smelled when using this is Cherry, which is not my favorite.I like Almond better, but the scent does not last long.This is not a greasy lotion. It goes into my skin ,my legs and hands have been very dry, and my other lotionsWhere not helping much.But this Mountain Falls seems to help to soften my hands, and the do look better in a short time.I'm not a fan of some of the ingredients in this,  so I was surprised my hands do not look so old After using this a fewtimes a day.Came nicely packaged and no leaks, but The trouble I had with this bottle was getting the pump to come up ,soI could use this..not deducting for that.
We really like this mountain falls 30 Spf sun screen.Made in USA.Love the scent. Its fresh and clean. Seems to go in the skin, is not greasy. and  My skin does not feel dry after using this,as other SPF have left my skin feeling.Apply 15 mins before going out in the sun.If swimming,  reapply after 80 mins.We live on a river in California, and its hot and sunny here. I live on a river.I put this on 3 children .One is a red head, blue eyes, One child has platinum blonde hair, and fair.The children had on  tee shirts ,but using this they did notGet Sunburned around the neck or arms being in the river. A bit red yes, but Not sunburned.You can get sunburned through the window while driving.I put sunscreen on my hands for years, and have very little brown spots on my hands for my age.
Love them. They're easy to use just pull! Great product I will buy again!!
I think the frequency works for all pests. I don't hear sny more scratching near the attic above my bed, but I rarely used the night light and it turns on and then immediately off. I have bought 3 and it all does that so glad that the unit itself still works, perhaps an LED bulb for longetivity.
And it makes it cute
packaged well, great item for the price.  arrived promptly.
well packaged, arrived early. great price and smells lovely
This RAVELER SLEEP MASK (for Woman and Man, Contoured, with Ear Plugs) is good at blocking out light, but lets some light in at the nose area.  This is because the nose area is pre-shaped (like the nose area in a Halloween eye mask), so that the sleep mask doesn’t lie completely flat against the nose.Sleep masks designed with padded fabric across the lower edge of the mask (below the eyes and across the nose) do a more complete job of blocking out light (see, e.g., ).  However, this sleep mask, which comes with a set of rubber ear plugs, gives good value for the price (less than $6 on Amazon).  It also has a very wide and comfortable elastic band for holding the mask in place while you sleep.
This GERMGUARDIAN GG1000 PLUGGABLE UV-C SANITIZER AND DEODORIZER seems to be a “designer” model of the  that I’ve used successfully for a couple of years.  The pluggable Guardian air purifiers do remove most of the kitchen cooking odors (tiny grease globules in particular) that escape the “air guard” feature on my oven.This “shapely” air purifier runs more quietly than my rectangular version, though motor noise may be determined by the motor in individual devices.  (The motor was louder in my second rectangular device than it was in the first.)  The fans run constantly in these air purifiers, but they don’t seem to require a lot of electricity.The air purifier will operate in the up, down, or sideways position, so you don’t need to be concerned about the orientation of your household electrical outlets.  The purifier plug does NOT have a third prong for grounding, though it has wide and narrow prongs like most modern safety plugs.  The purifier covers only one outlet in a two-plug wall outlet, so the second outlet remains available for general use.My first pluggable GermGuardian lasted well beyond the one-year warranty period.  These little air purifiers don’t seem to require maintenance beyond replacing the UV bulb when it burns out (the blue light on the purifier will go out).  The bulbs are easy to replace, but you should NEVER look directly at a plugged-in UV bulb (with the purifier cover open), because this can permanently damage your eyes.
I love this voice-activated clock!  It's extremely easy to use, and lets me record daily or one-time reminders for absolutely everything (time to leave for an appointment, time to take medicine, time to turn off cooling fans after they've run for 30 minutes, etc.).  It speaks with a pleasing, polite female voice, and easily understands both male and female voice commands.  If there is moderate background noise, it may not understand some spoken commands, but muting the TV took care of this for me.The clock is very easy to set up.  You insert batteries (to hold your custom settings during power outages); plug the clock in; and use the manual setup ONCE to set the month, day, and year.  After that, you simply say "Reminder assistant".  The clock will respond, "What can I do for you?", and wait for you to answer with one of the 12 standard commands (for example, "What time is it?", "What day is it?", "Record reminder", "Play reminder", "Set alarm", "Snooze").  If you can't remember a phrase, you say "Help", and the clock will explain all of the commands.  To perform any function, all you need to do is follow the clock's voice prompts.You do have to use exact command phrases (which is why my clock is named "Jo", after the strict, do-it-by-the-book cop in the SyFy series "Eureka").  I would like to be able to record my own command phrases, but of course that would make the clock harder to set up, and would probably make it cost more, too.  You record reminder messages--anything that fits into six seconds--in your own voice, tell the clock the time for the reminder, and whether or not it is a one-time or recurring reminder.  At the assigned time, the clock plays your message, and repeats it until you say "Reminder off". Reminders apparently do not turn off until you issue a command--I tested one reminder for 10 minutes, and it did NOT turn off automatically.The clock's big, blue, digital display is very bright, even when set to "dim".  All of the clock functions can be performed manually, using buttons on the clock back--but it is rarely necessary to use manual commands.  There is an onoff switch on the clock back that controls the daily alarm clock, which I have set to permanent "off", because I use the clock for short-term reminders, and to keep track of the day of the week (it's easy to forget the day, when you work from home).For short-term reminders, I much prefer to use this clock instead of my Talking Timer (), because the Talking Timer has a distracting vocal minute-by-minute countdown for the last ten minutes (useful for cooking), and is a single-event timer.  The iTalk Reminder Assistant Voice-Activated Clock allows you to record up to ten reminders, which run simultaneously, and it simply plays your recorded reminder when "Time's Up!" (without any countdown).
Really horrible. I bought these instead of the Quest bars I usually eat, since they had several positive reviews. Have bitten into three flavors, and spit them all out. Nasty, sponge-like texture. All the 'flavors' are flavorless, just vaguely sweet. Protein bars are fuel, not indulgent, yummy food, but these are inedible. Will have to throw out the whole box.
Monoi smells awesome, but I can only smell if the air vents are blowing high. It's not a freshener that can be smelled when you enter a closed up vehicle... for the price, I wouldn't recommend or buy again
Tastes great and peps you up!
I've worked with putty with my therapist during hand therapy. This putty is no different except that I thought it was going to be so hard for me to use. It is actually not as hard as I expected it to be and is perfect for building strength in my hands. It is a bit oily but that is typical of the putty I used at my therapist office as well. I do feel, however, that the current price of $19.99 is very expensive for this small size.Note that this is good to keep an autistic child occupied. I have a friend with a severely autistic child (now adult), who uses these type of items to keep him busy and he is really into stuff like this.
 This is the 56th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One cloth carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese.- Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is within range of my gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.NEGATIVES- The cuff writing is upside down compared to other monitors but that does not affect the performance.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator. What happens is that after three readings, the first number displayed is the average. The next three numbers and beyond are the readings. Once I cycle through all the readings, the average is never displayed again unless I turn off the unit and then press the memory button again.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed.Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about several of my most favorite 5-star monitors. These monitors I consider outstanding for their features compared to all the others I tested. I listed two 4-star monitors because they have unique features such as Spanish speaking or Bluetooth. Each one of these monitors is accurate and I would highly recommend any of them. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. It does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. The arm cuff on this monitor will fit most people.  – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on. Accuracy is spot on, which is atypical of wrist monitors.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is medium but easy to read and color coded in green, yellow, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT. There are two power options. It takes four AAA batteries or a USB Type C cable (both are included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in AMPM (not military time). The cuff size is large. There is an irregular heartbeat indicator. Accuracy is spot on.  – This is one unique monitor. The monitor and cuff are in one unit and this is most useful if paired with the iOS or Android app (viHealth). The cuff size is large but the display on the cuff is small. Operation is simple. This is rechargeable and comes with the USB Type C cable for charging. There is no average feature or irregular heartbeat indicator on either the unit or app. There is no user designation on the monitor but such a distinction is possible in the app. In fact, the readings can be associated with multiple users (number and amount unknown). The date and time are automated through the Bluetooth pairing with the app. As of June 2022, the app is quirky and does not always connect. The BP unit itself is accurate and simple to use but this is not suitable for everyone. The  is the high priced version that comes with a muscle stimulation(TENS) option. (Both are 4 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options of either four AA batteries (NOT included) or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is large and will fit most users. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. This does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  (4.5 stars)
 This is the 56th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One cloth carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese.- Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is within range of my gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.NEGATIVES- The cuff writing is upside down compared to other monitors but that does not affect the performance.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator. What happens is that after three readings, the first number displayed is the average. The next three numbers and beyond are the readings. Once I cycle through all the readings, the average is never displayed again unless I turn off the unit and then press the memory button again.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed.Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about several of my most favorite 5-star monitors. These monitors I consider outstanding for their features compared to all the others I tested. I listed two 4-star monitors because they have unique features such as Spanish speaking or Bluetooth. Each one of these monitors is accurate and I would highly recommend any of them. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. It does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. The arm cuff on this monitor will fit most people.  – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on. Accuracy is spot on, which is atypical of wrist monitors.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is medium but easy to read and color coded in green, yellow, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT. There are two power options. It takes four AAA batteries or a USB Type C cable (both are included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in AMPM (not military time). The cuff size is large. There is an irregular heartbeat indicator. Accuracy is spot on.  – This is one unique monitor. The monitor and cuff are in one unit and this is most useful if paired with the iOS or Android app (viHealth). The cuff size is large but the display on the cuff is small. Operation is simple. This is rechargeable and comes with the USB Type C cable for charging. There is no average feature or irregular heartbeat indicator on either the unit or app. There is no user designation on the monitor but such a distinction is possible in the app. In fact, the readings can be associated with multiple users (number and amount unknown). The date and time are automated through the Bluetooth pairing with the app. As of June 2022, the app is quirky and does not always connect. The BP unit itself is accurate and simple to use but this is not suitable for everyone. The  is the high priced version that comes with a muscle stimulation(TENS) option. (Both are 4 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options of either four AA batteries (NOT included) or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is large and will fit most users. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. This does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  (4.5 stars)
 This is the 56th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One cloth carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese. - Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is within range of my gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.NEGATIVES- The cuff writing is upside down compared to other monitors but that does not affect the performance.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator. What happens is that after three readings, the first number displayed is the average. The next three numbers and beyond are the readings. Once I cycle through all the readings, the average is never displayed again unless I turn off the unit and then press the memory button again.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed. Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about several of my most favorite 5-star monitors. These monitors I consider outstanding for their features compared to all the others I tested. I listed two 4-star monitors because they have unique features such as Spanish speaking or Bluetooth. Each one of these monitors is accurate and I would highly recommend any of them. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. It does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. The arm cuff on this monitor will fit most people.  – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on. Accuracy is spot on, which is atypical of wrist monitors.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is medium but easy to read and color coded in green, yellow, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT. There are two power options. It takes four AAA batteries or a USB Type C cable (both are included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in AMPM (not military time). The cuff size is large. There is an irregular heartbeat indicator. Accuracy is spot on.  – This is one unique monitor. The monitor and cuff are in one unit and this is most useful if paired with the iOS or Android app (viHealth). The cuff size is large but the display on the cuff is small. Operation is simple. This is rechargeable and comes with the USB Type C cable for charging. There is no average feature or irregular heartbeat indicator on either the unit or app. There is no user designation on the monitor but such a distinction is possible in the app. In fact, the readings can be associated with multiple users (number and amount unknown). The date and time are automated through the Bluetooth pairing with the app. As of June 2022, the app is quirky and does not always connect. The BP unit itself is accurate and simple to use but this is not suitable for everyone. The  is the high priced version that comes with a muscle stimulation(TENS) option. (Both are 4 stars)   - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options of either four AA batteries (NOT included) or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is large and will fit most users. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. This does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  (4.5 stars)
The current price of $9.99 for this ensemble is excellent and the mask alone is worth that price. However, if the price were more than $12.99, I would have rated this 2 or 3 stars due to the additional items included.This comes in a giftable box and includes a sleep mask, a silk eyeshade (like another mask), and disposable foam earplugs in a plastic case.I am very impressed with the foam mask. It is a cushiony soft, but full-bodied sleep mask. This mask has eye cutouts. There is also an adjustable strap in the back. Since there is an eye socket channel, I can open my eyes underneath without touching the front of it and it blocks out all light incredibly well. It feels like it is made of cloth covered form. It is comfortable to wear and fits me very well and is not too snug. It does not move around when I lay down with it. Overall, I really love the mask.However, the eye shade feels more like a lightweight silk mask. Even when I extend the adjustable strap all the way, it pulls tight around my eyes, is useless at blocking all light, and is supremely uncomfortable. The ear plugs are also just junk to me. They should leave out both items. I only took off one star because the mask is 5 stars. If they left out the other junk, I would have rated this 5 stars at the current price of $9.99.
For the current price of $44, I am  disappointed in this sleep mask. First of all, it is a gorgeous blue and that is the nicest thing about it. Also, it comes in a giftable package.I tried the mask and it barely works for me. The mask has some slight padding, which is nice and it is soft but not as soft as I expected. The adjustable strap is super thin and when I adjust it most of the way, it is still too tight around my eyes. Also, a tiny bit of light seeps in through the bottom of the mask.In summary, this mask is a gorgeous color and feels nice but the strap does not match what I expect to get for $44. It also is not completely light blocking. I personally do not feel  this mask should be priced more than $22.
 At the current price of $33.24 ($34.99 minus 5%), this is super expensive for something that can only be used as a nightlight. I was unable to pair this to any Bluetooth device and I tried a couple. Also, the touch controls are quirky, the timer goes off by itself with any button change, the light comes on automatically sometimes, and the pausemove ahead button is for show only as it does nothing. There are buttons on the front of the unit and on the bottom. It is impossible to read the bottom buttons. This is nice as a nightlight only and is barely functional as a sound machine with only 5 sounds. This is definitely not worth the current price for such a quirky and partially working sound machine.
There are three salt-infused 4-ply disposable face masks in this package at the current price of $9.49 and that is extremely expensive at $3.16 per disposable mask.These 4-ply masks look and feel like every other disposable blue mask I have tried previously and they supposedly work better due to the extra ply and the grains of Croatian sea salt.There is wire along the nose area so that I can mold this to my face. The pleats allow me to expand this until it is relatively snug under my chin and along the sides. The ear elastics fit nicely over my ears. Overall, these are comfortable for me. I personally notice no difference other than the mask is slightly thicker. I can only assume this is more protective.
 There are 12 individually wrapped smal bath bombs in this set. The fragrances are, orange, lavender, frankincense, rosemary, mint, lemongrass, vanilla, seasalt, kiwi, rose, coconut, and papaya.I tried the papaya. When it was first plunged into the water (see video) there was fizz and no suds. Before I could even put the foot bath onto the floor to bathe my feet, the entire bomb fizzed out and dissolved into tang colored water less than 30 seconds later (see photo). Also, the fragrance was hardly detectable even though they smell good in the package.Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I used this in a foot bath. The water turned an orange color and that color adhered to my skin and stained my towels but did not stain my foot bath.In summary, these bombs perform terribly, are staining, and are barely fragrant in the bath. The current price of $19.99 is expensive but still competitively priced for this as it comes to $1.67 per bath bomb, which is about what I would expect to pay for bombs of this size. However, at that price, I also expect these to perform and they do not. These are super lackluster and an utter disappointment. I am surprised others rated this 4 or 5 stars. I doubt the other reviewers even tried this in the bath. In the box they look impressive but If they had used at least one, they most likely would not be so impressed.
 This is the 31st BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy errs on the lower side by a few points but is still within an acceptable range. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese.- Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is ERRs on the side of the low range compared to my gold standard monitors but is still acceptable.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- The date and time settings are NOT remembered after the power is removed but the BP numbers are remembered  -- I tested after one minute of battery removal.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.- It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.NEGATIVES- The accuracy is off by several points on the low side compared to my 5-star monitors.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed. The big negative is that the accuracy is not as precise as my god standard monitors but is still within range, and the cuff is thin.Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. There's an irregular heartbeat indicator.  The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about the other monitors I have tried. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors and one I purchased a few months ago on Amazon. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. Unfortunately, it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. I love the arm cuffs on this monitor because one size fits most.   – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated only. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  –  Super basic. Only stores 15 numbers in memory for one user without any date and time. There’s no case and it is battery operated only.  – This is good if storage for 4 family members is needed. It comes with a carrying case and it is battery operated only.  – The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. Only a standard cuff is supplied & the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro-USB (cable not supplied).  - The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. There’s also an alarm feature. A larger-sized standard cuff is supplied but the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro USB (neither is supplied). (3.5 stars) - This is a decent monitor with a large cuff so larger individuals can use it. It is only battery operated via 4 AAA batteries and only has one user mode with 99 memory points. The biggest negative is the European date and time. (3.5 stars) -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - The monitor is for 2 users w90 readings each. It has a large cuff and two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable). The drawbacks are that I could not get the monitor to pair with the app with Bluetooth on and the angle of the display makes it difficult to read unless it is tilted back. Also, the time is only displayed as a 24-hour clock.  - The monitor is for 2 users w250 readings each. It has a large cuff with a cord that is just a tad shorter than other monitors I tried. There is one power source included (4 AAA batteries). There is also a connection for AC cord but that must be purchased separately. The LCD Display is large and easy to read.  – This monitor has two user modes w99 readings per user. The cuff is large, so most people will be able to use this. Two AAA batteries are the only power option. There is a speech option which is set by default. Time setting is military time only.  – This monitor has four user modes w240 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AA batteries or AC adapter – both supplied. It has a seven-day AMPM average feature in addition to the regular average feature. Smart app does not work and keeps crashing.  – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (not included) or AC adapter (included). It has a regular BP average feature. The display is large for easy reading.  – This monitor has two user modes with 60 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by the two included AAA batteries. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. Unfortunately, the BP is actually 20 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure) mostly due to the unitcuff design that does not allow for a secure fit.  The respiration number is accurate, however.   – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). The cuff inflation is so strong that this is the most uncomfortable monitor I ever tried. It caused my arm to go numb and left a mark and pain for hours.  - This monitor has two user modes with 99 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by two AAA batteries, NOT INCLUDED. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. There’s also a voice assist option. Unfortunately, the BP is around 10 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure). The closer the user holds the arm to heart level, the less the inaccuracy but it is still not as good as the gold standard.  The respiration number is accurate, however.  – This monitor has two user modes with 120 readings per user. This monitor is very basic as it does not have an average or irregular heartbeat feature. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). There’s voice guidance. - This monitor did not work at all and kept displaying ERR4 indicating there is a cuff problem. As an FYI only, this has two user modes with 99 readings per user. After three readings it provides an average. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is both in 12 and 24-hour clock. (1 star) - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. Operation is via 4 AAA batteries but the ones included were DEAD. The other power option is via a 6V adapter that is not included. The manual is comprehensive and clear. The cuff is large enough for most individuals. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. The readings are extremely accurate. Time is in military time only. This is a great basic monitor and would have received 5 stars if it were not for the DEAD batteries.  - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There is one power option supplied (two available but a USB cable was not included) and that is via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable or via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do. It is also very basic and does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable (included) or via four AA batteries (not included). The LCD Display is large but sometimes not easy to read due to the haze of other numbers. Time settings are available in 12 or 24-hour clock. The numbers are AVERAGED after two reads. BP takes a long time to register, so this is not a fast reader. Voice option is available.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via a Type C USB cable (included) or via four AAA batteries (included). The LCD Display is large and easy to read and color coded in orange, green, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT.  Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The numbers are averaged after three BP and it has an irregular heartbeat indicator. (4.5 stars) – This wrist monitor is cheap junk. It holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. It has a large display and takes two AAA batteries NOT included. There is an average feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The manual is incomplete. Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors and this monitor would have received 4 stars had it not been for the cheap faceplate which falls off repeatedly because it is only taped on. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off. There are NO date or time settings.  – This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and color coded in orangeyellow, green, and red based on the hypertension level. It takes four AA batteries NOT included or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after three readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 8 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. (3.5 stars) – This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and the hypertension level is highlighted in black along the bar. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED. There is an average feature after three readings. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off.  Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an alarm feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors.  – This monitor holds a total of 1,000 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED and has the ability for a USB type C power connection (cable NOT provided). Accuracy is within a few points of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The biggest negative about this unit is that there is NO AVERAGE feature.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AA batteries (INCLUDED) or a micro-USB cable (NOT included). There is an average feature after two readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 10 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. The cuff size is large but thin and will fit most people.   - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options but NONE are included. It takes four AA batteries or a micro-USB cable. There is an average feature after three readings. There are date or time settings in both 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. The box indicates it has an irregular heartbeat indicator but the manual doesn’t mention it.   (3.5 stars)    -This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCDDisplay is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED or a USB type C power connection (cable INCLUDED). Accuracy is a few points off from my gold star monitors tending toward the low side. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The unit has an AVERAGE feature but the recall is not marked as such, which is a negative. It has a speech option with a heavy Chinese accent.  - THIS ONE
 This is the 31st BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy errs on the lower side by a few points but is still within an acceptable range. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese.- Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is ERRs on the side of the low range compared to my gold standard monitors but is still acceptable.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- The date and time settings are NOT remembered after the power is removed but the BP numbers are remembered  -- I tested after one minute of battery removal.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.- It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.NEGATIVES- The accuracy is off by several points on the low side compared to my 5-star monitors.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed. The big negative is that the accuracy is not as precise as my god standard monitors but is still within range, and the cuff is thin.Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. There's an irregular heartbeat indicator.  The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about the other monitors I have tried. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors and one I purchased a few months ago on Amazon. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. Unfortunately, it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. I love the arm cuffs on this monitor because one size fits most.   – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated only. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  –  Super basic. Only stores 15 numbers in memory for one user without any date and time. There’s no case and it is battery operated only.  – This is good if storage for 4 family members is needed. It comes with a carrying case and it is battery operated only.  – The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. Only a standard cuff is supplied & the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro-USB (cable not supplied).  - The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. There’s also an alarm feature. A larger-sized standard cuff is supplied but the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro USB (neither is supplied). (3.5 stars) - This is a decent monitor with a large cuff so larger individuals can use it. It is only battery operated via 4 AAA batteries and only has one user mode with 99 memory points. The biggest negative is the European date and time. (3.5 stars) -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - The monitor is for 2 users w90 readings each. It has a large cuff and two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable). The drawbacks are that I could not get the monitor to pair with the app with Bluetooth on and the angle of the display makes it difficult to read unless it is tilted back. Also, the time is only displayed as a 24-hour clock.  - The monitor is for 2 users w250 readings each. It has a large cuff with a cord that is just a tad shorter than other monitors I tried. There is one power source included (4 AAA batteries). There is also a connection for AC cord but that must be purchased separately. The LCD Display is large and easy to read.  – This monitor has two user modes w99 readings per user. The cuff is large, so most people will be able to use this. Two AAA batteries are the only power option. There is a speech option which is set by default. Time setting is military time only.  – This monitor has four user modes w240 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AA batteries or AC adapter – both supplied. It has a seven-day AMPM average feature in addition to the regular average feature. Smart app does not work and keeps crashing.  – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (not included) or AC adapter (included). It has a regular BP average feature. The display is large for easy reading.  – This monitor has two user modes with 60 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by the two included AAA batteries. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. Unfortunately, the BP is actually 20 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure) mostly due to the unitcuff design that does not allow for a secure fit.  The respiration number is accurate, however.   – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). The cuff inflation is so strong that this is the most uncomfortable monitor I ever tried. It caused my arm to go numb and left a mark and pain for hours.  - This monitor has two user modes with 99 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by two AAA batteries, NOT INCLUDED. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. There’s also a voice assist option. Unfortunately, the BP is around 10 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure). The closer the user holds the arm to heart level, the less the inaccuracy but it is still not as good as the gold standard.  The respiration number is accurate, however.  – This monitor has two user modes with 120 readings per user. This monitor is very basic as it does not have an average or irregular heartbeat feature. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). There’s voice guidance. - This monitor did not work at all and kept displaying ERR4 indicating there is a cuff problem. As an FYI only, this has two user modes with 99 readings per user. After three readings it provides an average. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is both in 12 and 24-hour clock. (1 star) - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. Operation is via 4 AAA batteries but the ones included were DEAD. The other power option is via a 6V adapter that is not included. The manual is comprehensive and clear. The cuff is large enough for most individuals. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. The readings are extremely accurate. Time is in military time only. This is a great basic monitor and would have received 5 stars if it were not for the DEAD batteries.  - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There is one power option supplied (two available but a USB cable was not included) and that is via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable or via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do. It is also very basic and does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable (included) or via four AA batteries (not included). The LCD Display is large but sometimes not easy to read due to the haze of other numbers. Time settings are available in 12 or 24-hour clock. The numbers are AVERAGED after two reads. BP takes a long time to register, so this is not a fast reader. Voice option is available.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via a Type C USB cable (included) or via four AAA batteries (included). The LCD Display is large and easy to read and color coded in orange, green, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT.  Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The numbers are averaged after three BP and it has an irregular heartbeat indicator. (4.5 stars) – This wrist monitor is cheap junk. It holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. It has a large display and takes two AAA batteries NOT included. There is an average feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The manual is incomplete. Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors and this monitor would have received 4 stars had it not been for the cheap faceplate which falls off repeatedly because it is only taped on. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off. There are NO date or time settings.  – This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and color coded in orangeyellow, green, and red based on the hypertension level. It takes four AA batteries NOT included or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after three readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 8 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. (3.5 stars) – This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large, easy to read, and the hypertension level is highlighted in black along the bar. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED. There is an average feature after three readings. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off.  Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an alarm feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors.  – This monitor holds a total of 1,000 readings if using both user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED and has the ability for a USB type C power connection (cable NOT provided). Accuracy is within a few points of my gold star monitors. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The biggest negative about this unit is that there is NO AVERAGE feature.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. It takes four AA batteries (INCLUDED) or a micro-USB cable (NOT included). There is an average feature after two readings. Accuracy is within + or – 5 to 10 points of my gold star monitors. There are date or time settings in both 12 and 24-hour clock. The cuff size is large but thin and will fit most people.   - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options but NONE are included. It takes four AA batteries or a micro-USB cable. There is an average feature after three readings. There are date or time settings in both 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is average and is not as large as my other monitors. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. The box indicates it has an irregular heartbeat indicator but the manual doesn’t mention it.   (3.5 stars)    -This monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using both user modes. The LCDDisplay is large and easy to read. It takes four AAA batteries INCLUDED or a USB type C power connection (cable INCLUDED). Accuracy is a few points off from my gold star monitors tending toward the low side. There are date and time settings in 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). There is also an irregular heartbeat indicator. The cuff size is large enough for most users. The unit has an AVERAGE feature but the recall is not marked as such, which is a negative. It has a speech option with a heavy Chinese accent.  - THIS ONE
I was on the fence about ordering this. The reason I keep trying things is because I woke up many months ago with neck pain. After trying everything I could think of, I went to a chiropractor. His adjustments were helping me before insurance denial prevented me from going back. He gave me an exercise to perform where I had to roll up a towel, lay on the floor, and then put it under my upper back so that my neck was hanging back. That helped some but then I ordered the below devices. - 4 stars - 5 stars - 4 stars - 4 stars - 4 stars - 2.5 starsTherefore, I decided to add this to my repertoire. Even though the above "devices" were good, my neck pain never went away and always came back either lightly or in full force every morning after waking up. Therefore,  I decided to try this because a heating pad on my neck sometimes helps.This neck brace comes with three extra Velcro strips, a USB power cord (no AC adapter), and a manual. Only one of the Velcro strips can be plugged in for heat. The others are just used as extensions or as a magnetic therapy pad (which I think is hocus pocus). The neck brace is segment, so that I should be able to  flare out the bottom lower on my neck if I want less support rather than more support.  I tried this and was unable to get this to flare out. I was only able to use this in the strong support mode.I plugged this into my computer's USB port while wearing it. There is a control that allows me to have high, medium, or low heat. The heat is nice but it is only in the area where the heated extension strip is and not around the entire neck. Also, I do not find this too comfortable to wear. I think this will work with some but for me this is not going to be useful. In summary, I do feel this might work for some people but it does not work for me. The heated area is too small and the brace too tall to be comfortable since I am unable to bring it lower on my neck. The current price of $25.99 would be reasonable for this had it worked for me.UPDATE: I had my boyfiend try this and he hates it. He say it only heats in the patch area, which is true. He gives this 1 star.
At the current price of $15.50 for 20 ounces of bath salts with a pouch of flowers, I do not feel this is worth it. I thought I would like the fragrance but I don't. Also, I have to put a strainer in my sink to prevent the flower buds from going down the drain.I bathed my feet for 20 minutes with about 12 cup of bath salts and some of the chamomile flowers. The results are no different than just plain Epsom Salt. The high price and my dislike of the fragrance would prevent me from ever ordering this again. It is okay but nothing special.
There are 14 lozenges in this package and the maximum "dosage" per day is 3 lozenges.  Each one contains 10 calories with 1g of added sugars, 1500IU of Vitamin D (as cholecalciferol--which is apparently D3 and animal based), 3mg of Zinc, 25mg Bee Propolis Extract, 12mg of Peppermint Extract, and 7.5mg of Eucalyptus Extract.Other ingredients in this are chicory root fiber, tapioca syrup, and honey.The current price of $8.99 comes to an expensive $.64 cents per dietary supplement drop. After having tried these, I personally do not like them enough to order them again. They are okay but I already take Vitamin D and these taste too medicinal for my tastebuds.
Simple instructions are provided but it is unclear of the correct positioning of the neck without looking at the photos on the Amazon site because the sketch in the instructions does not match the slope of this "pillow." Note that I have tried three other varieties of pillows and this is as good as the 5 star one listed below. The only reason I am rating this 4 stars is because the price is double what others charge. - 5 stars - 4 stars - 4 starsFor 10 minutes (one can go up to 15 minutes) I just wedged this under my neck with the open wave in the back of my head and let my head fall back. It is super comfortable to use. This actually works for me to help but not eliminate my neck pain.I woke up many months ago with neck pain. After trying everything I could think of, I went to a chiropractor. His adjustments were helping me and he gave me a similar exercise that this helps one perform. He had me roll up a towel, lay on the floor, and then put it under my upper back so that my neck was hanging back.Now I do not have to spend time rolling up a towel. Also, this is firm yet soft enough in the center to be comfortable which is better for alignment. It works great and did not  take any getting used to like the foam device I have. This is a perfect daily exercise for my neck. I just lay on the floor while the back of my neckhead hangs over this. I am able to do this for 10 minutes.In summary, this works for me but the current price of $49.95 is extremely expensive for this. Had it been $29 or less, this would have received 5 stars. I just wish it came with better pictures in the instructions.
This is the 26th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and it is an decent monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one operates within 5 to 8 points plus or minus from my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 99 readings per user. Note that I did not take 198 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. What is excellent is that the display is color coded. A green backlight means the pressure is normal or low depending on the numbers displayed, an orangeyellow background indicates mild hypertension, and a red background indicates severe hypertension. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings. There is one large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied and that is via the supplied micro-USB cable (an AC adapter was not included) or via four AA batteries that are NOT included. Time settings are in 12 or 24-hour clock.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual- One User Guide- One large cuff- One micro-USB cable- One thin carry pouchFEATURES- Up to 99 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading and having the color-coded display is great.- The cuff is 22 to 40 cm (8.66 to 15.748 inches).- The user guide is decent.- Accuracy is good and compares with the BP range taken on my two 5-star gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is easy by pressing SET (when power is off) and then SET again to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings.- The date and time settings are remembered after power is removed. I tested this for one.NEGATIVES- The reading has a backlight that goes out too quickly. I would have preferred it stayed lit a few more seconds.- The memory delete does not work as specified in the manual. It needs to say that when the display is off, press the MEM button until a BP reading is displayed, then while holding down the button, press the STARTSTOP for two seconds until the dotted lines appear.This is a decent BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is very simple and was explained well in the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed.In summary, this BP monitor displayed numbers within a 5-to-8-point range (+ or -) of my two go to monitors.  Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is super easy but is not as written in the manual. The cuff is large enough for most individuals, although it is about one inch smaller than most large cuffs. The LCD Display is large and the color-coding is good to have but the display lights go out quickly, which is a negative. It displays an AVG after three readings, which is a plus. The current price of $29.99 is reasonable for this monitor.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about the other monitors I have tried. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors and one I purchased a few months ago on Amazon. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. Unfortunately, it does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. I love the arm cuffs on this monitor because one size fits most.   – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated only. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  –  Super basic. Only stores 15 numbers in memory for one user without any date and time. There’s no case and it is battery operated only.  – This is good if storage for 4 family members is needed. It comes with a carrying case and it is battery operated only.  – The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. Only a standard cuff is supplied & the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro-USB (cable not supplied).  - The monitor is for 2 users w99 readings each. There’s also an alarm feature. A larger-sized standard cuff is supplied but the cuff cable is short. The two power options available are 4 AA batteries or micro USB (neither is supplied). (3.5 stars) - This is a decent monitor with a large cuff so larger individuals can use it. It is only battery operated via 4AAA batteries and only has one user mode with 99 memory points. The biggest negative is the European date and time. (3.5 stars) -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - The monitor is for 2 users w90 readings each. It has a large cuff and two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable). The drawbacks are that I could not get the monitor to pair with the app with Bluetooth on and the angle of the display makes it difficult to read unless it is tilted back. Also, the time is only displayed as a 24-hour clock.  - The monitor is for 2 users w250 readings each. It has a large cuff with a cord that is just a tad shorter than other monitors I tried. There is one power source included (4 AAA batteries). There is also a connection for AC cord but that must be purchased separately. The LCD Display is large and easy to read.  – This monitor has two user modes w99 readings per user. The cuff is large, so most people will be able to use this. Two AAA batteries are the only power option. There is a speech option which is set by default. Time setting is military time only.  – This monitor has four user modes w240 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AA batteries or AC adapter – both supplied. It has a seven-day AMPM average feature in addition to the regular average feature. Smart app does not work and keeps crashing.  – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (not included) or AC adapter (included). It has a regular BP average feature. The display is large for easy reading.  – This monitor has two user modes with 60 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by the two included AAA batteries. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. Unfortunately, the BP is actually 20 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure) mostly due to the unitcuff design that does not allow for a secure fit.  The respiration number is accurate, however.   – This monitor has two user modes with 90 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). The cuff inflation is so strong that this is the most uncomfortable monitor I ever tried. It caused my arm to go numb and left a mark and pain for hours.  - This monitor has two user modes with 99 readings per user. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by two AAA batteries, NOT INCLUDED. The LED is large and the unit is simple to use and operate. There’s also a voice assist option. Unfortunately, the BP is around 10 points lower than it should be for the top number (systolic pressure) and 0 to 5 points lower for the bottom number (diastolic pressure). The closer the user holds the arm to heart level, the less the inaccuracy but it is still not as good as the gold standard.  The respiration number is accurate, however.  – This monitor has two user modes with 120 readings per user. This monitor is very basic as it does not have an average or irregular heartbeat feature. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is in military time only (24-hour clock). There’s voice guidance. - This monitor did not work at all and kept displaying ERR4 indicating there is a cuff problem. As an FYI only, this has two user modes with 99 readings per user. After three readings it provides an average. The cuff is large enough to fit almost anyone. This can be powered by four AAA batteries (included) or included USB cable (no AC adapter). The display is large for easy reading. Time is both in 12 and 24-hour clock. (1 star) - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. Operation is via 4 AAA batteries but the ones included were DEAD. The other power option is via a 6V adapter that is not included. The manual is comprehensive and clear. The cuff is large enough for most individuals. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. The readings are extremely accurate. Time is in military time only. This is a great basic monitor and would have received 5 stars if it were not for the DEAD batteries.  - This monitor holds a total of 240 readings if using all two user modes. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There is one power option supplied (two available but a USB cable was not included) and that is via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable or via four AAA batteries. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The biggest negative is that it does NOT have an AVERAGE feature for the BP readings like other monitors do. It is also very basic and does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via USB cable (included) or via four AA batteries (not included). The LCD Display is large but sometimes not easy to read due to haze of other numbers. Time settings are available in 12 or 24-hour clock. The numbers are AVERAGED after two reads. BP takes a long time to register, so this is not a fast reader. Voice option is available.  - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. There is one very large cuff provided so most people will be able to use this. There are two power options supplied, either via a Type C USB cable (included) or via four AAA batteries (included). The LCD Display is large and easy to read and color coded in orange, green, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT.  Time settings are in the 24-hour clock only (a.k.a. military time). The numbers are averaged after three BP and it has an irregular heartbeat indicator. (4.5 stars) – This wrist monitor is cheap junk. It holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. It has a large display and takes two AAA batteries NOT included. There is an average feature and irregular heartbeat indicator. The manual is incomplete. Accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors and this monitor would have received 4 stars had it not been for the cheap faceplate which falls off repeatedly because it is only taped on. There is a speech option which is set by default but can be turned off. There are NO date or time settings. 
There are five super sturdy, tiny boxes in this set that will hold a small bar of soap or some jewelry. The front flap magnetically closes.Box setup is simple. Just unfold the one piece into the shape shown in less than a couple of seconds. There are no ugly creases; just a sturdy box. The four corners can be sealed shut by removing the paper over the adhesive. When I have done that in the past, I find that the adhesive is not strong enough to stick well.The reason I rated these two stars is because the corners that are sealed (not the ones I can seal) come undone as can be seen in my photo. This means I have to glue the corners that are supposed to arrive sealed already.The current price of $12.99 is way too expensive for a box that is coming apart at the seams. If the boxes were not coming apart, I would have rated them 4 stars.
 This sound machine comes with a total of 28 sounds; 18 are under the white noise button and 12 are under the lullaby button. This is a plug-in unit and comes with a USB cable but no AC adapter, the unit itself, and a regular instruction pamphlet.Operation is simple as per my video. All the controls are on the top front of the unit. I have to "hold press" the ONOFF button to turn it ON and do the same to turn it OFF.There are seven operational buttons on the top. The timer can be set for 30, 60, or 90 minutes or turned off for continuous play. The unit can be used as a nightlight only or with the sound.Most of the sounds are crisp but a couple are a bit staticky and that is the reason I rated this 4 instead of 5 stars.The current price of $23.39 ($25.99 minus 10%) is competitively priced.
This case is super attractive and holds a total 27 of my Vitamin E 2000 IU capsules. If I could remove the insert, it would hold a few more.LOVES- Love the the design and that there is a different embossing on the top and bottom so I can tell which end is up- Love that it is small enough to be portable- The clasp is super sturdy, so it will not come undone in my purseDISLIKES- I wish the insert were removableIn summary, this case is really sturdy and super attractive. It will only hold a few horse-sized pills but it is great for those who have smaller pills to carry. Also the clasp is very sturdy.  The current price of $9.99 is competitive for this.
Usually I am disappointed with the various exercise  therapy devices on the market. However, this actually works for me.I woke up several months ago with neck pain. After trying everything I could think of, I went to a chiropractor. His adjustments were helping me and he gave me the exact same exercise that this helps one perform. He had me roll up a towel, lay on the floor, and then put it under my upper back so that my neck was hanging back.Now I do not have to spend time rolling up a towel. Also, this is harder which is better for alignment. There are three adjustment levels based on the blocks used. I use it on the lowest setting, which is with the two bottom blocks removed. It works great but does take some getting used to. This is a perfect daily exercise for my neck. I just lay on the floor while the back of my neckhead hangs over this. I am able to do this for 5 minutes. Eventually, I'll work up to 10 minutes.In summary, this works for me. I love the adjustment levels available and the ease with which this can be used.UPDATE - After trying  device, I actually like that better than this one. This is not as comfortable as the new device I am trying; therefore, I lowered this one star.
 There are 6 individually wrapped large bath bombs in this set in the shape of pastry shop delectables. Each bath bomb is fragrant but smells the same to me.I tried the one with the plastic rainbow on top. I had to be careful that the rainbow did not wash down the drain. The fragrance came through in the foot bath. The bomb dissolved in about 10 minutes. The performance was good with suds that lasted about 10 to 12 minutes. The end result of the bath was almost clear water that was a bright pink. There was no staining to my skin, my towel, or to my foot bath; at least the color of the one I tried did not stain.The current cost of $13.76 ($15.29 minus 10%) for 6 bombs comes to a competitively priced $2.29 per pastry bomb. These are nice bombs and definitely giftable. Performance is good enough and they are very fragrant.
 I had tried  bath bombs, which are the same as these but in a smaller size. Unfortunately, this large size performs slightly differently as I'll describe below.There are 3 super large individually wrapped bath bombs in this set. All are large clouds with a smiley face on the package covering.Each one is strongly fragrant when dry and lightly fragrant when in the bath. They also all have the same scent. The ingredients are sodium bicarbonate, citric acid, magnesium sulfate, water, cyclodextrin, PEG400, hydrogenated jojoba oil, hydrogenated grapeseed oil, butyrospermum parkii (shea butter) oil, natural essential oil, fragrance, and FDA approved colorants.These are very, very large and fun. They perform well, produce a lovely rainbow of suds, and dissolve in about 10-15 minutes. The fragrance is subtle in the bath. However, there is one difference in the results (read on).Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. When I was done, the color did not adhere to my foot bath but it turned both my feet pink and  my drying towel. Note that the smaller bombs did not do this even though they are the same. Perhaps it is the extra profusion of color in such a large size. This is the only reason I rated this 4 instead of 5 stars.The current cost of $ 19.99 for 3 bombs comes to a very expensive $6.66 per bomb. However, these are certainly way different from typical bath bombs. I like these very much but would have loved them if it did not color my feet and towels. Note that the color does wash off the towels in the laundry and in the shower for my feet.
There is one very large and super soft mask in this package along with one small cloth carry pouch. This mask is well-made and has a Velcro adjustment in the back. Since the mask is large, it blocks out all light. However, I am still able to open my eyes underneath the mask and not see anything. This is just wonderful and is very comfortable to wear. The quality is excellent and the mask is plush and cuddly soft.The current price of $12.59 ($13.99 minus 10%) is pricey for one mask; however, if one is in the market for two of them, they are sold for a much cheaper price . Also, the blue color on the Amazon site is brighter than the one received which is more of a subdued blue.
 These green tea and chamomile bath salts have a lovely but subtle fragrance. I used this in my foot bath and found it soothing. The only difference to me between this and Epsom salt is that this has a fragrance and typical Epsom salts do not. However, some of today's Epsom salts have fragrances but they are not as good as this.The package says to pour 14 salt into the bath water but it doesn't say if it is 14 of the container or 14 cup. Some reviewers used 14 cup and others 14 of the container. They need to specify this. I used 14 cup. The crystals dissolved after about 10 minutes.The current price of $15.99 is pricey for this but then again it is almost like a spa-like experience.
There are 12 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set and they all smell the same to me. The box is wrapped around the center in packaging tape which looks hideous. The bombs themselves, however, are presentation quality in the sense that they are wrapped in tissue paper and then also shrink wrapped in plastic under that.I hardly detected any fragrance with these and they all smell the same to me. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I test them in a foot bath first to either bathe my hands or my feet. Because I was skeptical of these, I bathed my hands.One bath bomb dissolves in about three minutes in close to hot water and the suds last about 10-15 minutes. The fragrance is almost non-existent and the results are horrendous. First of all, as I was filling the foot bath, the color of the bombs sprayed all over my sink and kitchen backsplash just as a result of running water over the bomb. I had about five minutes of cleaning to do from that. However, after bathing my hands, they came out pink as can be seen in the photo and I was unable to wash the color off with soap and water. These are a complete disappointment.I would not recommend these at all only because of the color staining of these bombs, the limited fragrance, and the way the box is wrapped.
 This sound machine comes with a total of 36 sounds (i.e. 6 each of fan, white noise, nature, ocean, tones like rain and thunderstorm, and hypnotic sounds). This is NOT battery operated. It is packaged with a USB cable, the unit itself, and a regular instruction pamphlet.Operation is simple as per my video. All the controls, except for the timer slider and light, are in the front of the unit. I have to "hold press" the ON  OFF button in the front to turn it ON and do the same to turn it OFF.There are 6 operational buttons  on the front. From left to right, the down arrow moves to the next sound mode, the broken circle cycles through the sound in the current sound mode. The ONOFF button is in the center and then the minus (decrease) and plus (increase) buttons control the volume.A tap on the top of the unit turns on the nightlight. There are three  states of light on, light absorption (breathing light), and light off. If I "press hold" it will change the brightness. Despite what I said in my video, I discovered that if I lightly press the ONOFF button while the sounds are playing, it will suspend the current sound and I will be able to operate this as a nightlight only without the sounds. I did not think I could do that.The timer slider in the back has only a 30 or 60 minute option or continuous running mode. There is also a headphone jack on the back to the right of the port of the USB cable.In summary, the sounds on this unit are crisp and clear. It has a larger selection than many units on the market. The nightlight is a nice touch but I wish they had colored lights and I wish this was battery operated. No AC adapter is included for the USB cable but most people will have one in their house.  The current price of $27.99 is competitively priced for this. Know that there will never be more than 36 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played. I am partial to the sounds of nature myself.
I use essential oils in my diffusers and this sandalwood essential oil is perfect for that. This is also great for those who make body butters or other lotions.The fragrance is  clean and masculine and smells like a good soap. I use anywhere from 3 - 5 drops in my diffuser depending on the size of my water reservoir. The resulting aroma is lovely.The current price of $15.99 for this large 3.38 fluid ounce bottle is reasonable as it comes to less than $5 per ounce.
I tried several brushes over the last several months but this one is the best so far. This is now my favorite brush. The handle looks exquisitely crafted even though it is probably machine made. I also have this brush in the darker color wood that I use in the shower as a back brush with soap and it is great.The brush is hefty and is one solid piece, which is fabulous as the head cannot fall off the handle like some other brushes I tried previously. The handle of this back brush has indentation grips on it which provides me with a good hold. The handle is also long, which provides me with a good reach.The brush head is sturdy enough to be exfoliating and cleaning yet gentle enough not to be irritating. I love that there is a rope at the end for hanging in the shower and there is even a canvas bag for storage after air drying if desired.Overall, I love this as a wet brush for my back. I do not use this for dry brushing. The current price of $21.80 is about twice what most wooden back brushes go for but the quality is also higher but it's cheaper than their darker wood version that sells for $24.86 which is $3.06 more than this lighter colored one.PS The Smiley Smith engraving with what looks like a monkey is cool too.
This mask is well-made and I love the burgundy and black color. The mask has a Velcro adjustment in back and padded eye cups to block out all light. The eye cups allow my eyes to open underneath the mask. This feels comfortable to wear. The quality is good but the mask itself is not as plush and cuddly soft like some others I tried.The current price of $9.79 ($13.99 minus 30%) is super reasonable for this mask.
These lanyards are perfect for hanging my masks around my neck but they can only be hooked onto masks that have a very thin elastic due to the tiny clasp on either end. The cord is sufficiently long and can be cinched tighter or looser around the neck if needed. I felt it was roomy enough cinched partway down.The chains are colorful and work well. The current price of $5.99 is excellent for this as it comes to $1.20 per lanyard. I really like fun color of these chains; however, my absolute favorite mask chain is , which is more than 12 times the price but is also an eyeglass chain, jewelry, and a mask holder.
For the current price of $3.99 this is an excellent foot file. If it were priced higher, I would have rated this 4 stars because it is small. In order to use this, I have to hold this in my right hand like a computer mouse by grasping the outside and placing my forefinger in the center. This works gently but effectively on the dry skin on my heels. If held correctly, this file is relatively easy to hold  and easy to work with. Some files are like cheese graters and this one is gentler. When I am done, I just rinse the business end under warm water and the dead skin that was removed easily rinses off. The file looked brand new afterward.Due to the small size, this is a few dollars cheaper than other etched glass (a.k.a. nano crystal) files on the market, which is great. In addition, this is a gorgeous file in a pretty color. To me it's  functional art.
I am always looking for inserts with good arch support to help alleviate pain from plantar fasciitis. Usually I am disappointed in the orthotics on the market. However, this insert is wonderful. It has the right balance of firmness and pliability which makes it feel cushiony without being overly soft or overly hard. It also has a high arch that is very supportive for someone like me who has plantar fasciitis.I take at 9 to 9.5 in shoes and sometimes a 10 depending on the cut. Therefore, I ordered this in that woman's size. I use these in my boot-like slippers and I feel like I am walking on air.The current price of $17.84 ($20.99 minus 15%) is competitively priced for an arch support of this quality and support. They are thick, comfortable, and perfect for me. I absolutely adore these.
There are a total of 100 bandages in this set. There are two boxes of 50 bandages each and each box contains 26 knuckle and 24 fingertip bandages.These stick pretty well and flex with the movement of my hands. They are also breathable. These are very strong cloth bandages and perfect for those who are always scraping their knuckles or cutting their fingers.The current price of $14.15 ($14.89 minus 5%) comes to $.14 cents per bandage.
I tried one of their shower steamers yesterday and was not impressed. There are eight steamers in this package. Each tablet is the size of a hockey puck but half the size. The tablet needs to be  elevated in the shower so that the steam and water droplets hit it. The one I tried slowly dissolved and fizzed and leaked an electric pink color all over my tub that (thankfully) washed away with little effort.I have the nose of a bloodhound and I could barely detect any scent. I then decided to dissolve it in the bottom of my shower as if it were a bath bomb. I still barely detected a fragrance. Why anyone would use something like this is beyond me, especially when very little fragrance is present. I already wash my hair and soap up my body with very fragrant shampoo and bath soap, so there is no need for a steamer in my shower.Nevertheless, I spent several minutes dissolving the tablet in the shower after I finished washing and there was still very little scent.  These are not for me. However, I do feel they would be more effective as bath bombs because they fizz and one will be closer to the action to get more of the scent.At the current price of $11.99 for eight tablets, this comes to a  $1.50 per steamer.
This is the first time I ever tried a shower steamer and I am not impressed. There are six steamers in this package. Each tablet is the size of a hockey puck but half the size. I elevated this tablet in the shower and let the steam and water droplets hit it. It slowly dissolved and fizzed and leaked an electric pink color all over my tub that (thankfully) washed away with little effort.I have the nose of a bloodhound and I could barely detect any scent. I then decided to dissolve this in the bottom of my shower as if it were a bath bomb. I still barely detected a fragrance. Why anyone would use something like this is beyond me, especially when very little fragrance is present. I already wash my hair and soap up my body with very fragrant shampoo and bath soap, so there is no need for a steamer in my shower.Nevertheless, I spent several minutes dissolving this in the shower after I finished washing and there was still very little scent.  These are not for me. However, I do feel they would be more effective as bath bombs because they fizz and one will be closer to the action to get more of the scent.At the current price of $9.99 for six tablets, this comes to a slightly pricey $1.67 per steamer.
 This is an attractive and giftable set of six bath bombs. The Amazon site says the four fragrances are Lavender, Vanilla, Rose, and Orange but it was hard for me to detect those aromas. They all smell nice  but the fragrance difference is super subtle. They are made with essential oils.I tried the greenishbluishyellow bomb in my foot bath. I used hot to tepid water and suds were created in the foot bath and the bomb fizzed as shown in the video. It eventually (in about 10 minutes) dissolved in the water as I bathed my feet. My feet felt clean and I liked the subtle scent. My feet also came out feeling  soft. Unfortunately, there was a slight adherence of the green color of the bomb to my ankles and heels but it was ever so slight. A white bathtub might develop a slight ring of color around it from these bombs but I suspect it would immediately wash off. Insofar as "performance," these bombs are really good. Luckily I had a strainer in my sink because I had no idea there was a surprise miniature animal figurine in these. I had a little dinosaur in mine. Although no price is listed, I suspect these will be priced between $16.99 and 18.99.
I use a back brush every day. This body brush works well. It has a small brush head that is of medium softness so it is mildly exfoliating. The handle is long enough for me to reach my back comfortably. I also like that it has a hole for a hook in the handle.The current price of $6.99 is on the high side of competitively priced for a brush of this calibre.
I love the portability of the individual days of this "pill case attache." It is great for 2x's per day doses. However, I have a few dislikes.LOVES- Each day is portable.- Each side is large enough to hold about10 pills (as long as they are not super large)- I find it easy to fill- The PU carrying case makes the pill compartments easy to carry. DISLIKES:- The pill cases are tightly enclosed in the case making it a bit difficult to remove each day.- There is no AM PM written on each cell; instead there is a moon and sun.- The days written on the side of the case are only one one side. Since the cells move around in the case, the day of the week is not always visible.In summary, even though this is large, I like that each circular day container can be taken in a purse for one day and there is no need to take the entire container. They also hold a sufficient amount of pills for me. Unfortunately my dislikes have me rating this case 3 stars. The current price of $10.99 is reasonable for this and a lot cheaper than the same case in black that is $5 more by another vendor.
There are 30 shiny gold boxes that are perfect for Christmas gifts, cookies, cupcakes, or other classy but lightweight gifts. They come in one piece and unfold easily into a reasonably-sized box. The bottom is interlocking and just unfolds easily into place. Each box should be able to fit about one to two pounds of cookies depending on the size of the cookie. I can even get an appropriately-sized tiny cake in this box. Overall, I think these are classy and well-made but they are thinner than I expected. Therefore, these are for lightweight items only. Also, I would recommend using tissue paper or foil on the bottom before using to carry treats to stabilize the box a bit. The current price of $17.99 is competitive as it comes to $.60 cents each box.
 There are 6 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set in the scents listed below.- Romance - La Vie en Rose- Optimism - Orange Juice- Happiness - Lemon Tree- Confidence - Grapefruit Punch- Acuity - Chocolate Mint- Tranquility - Purple LavenderEach fragrance is divine, smells fresh, and all the scents are different but they are only subtly different. These bombs are made with essential oils and they are large. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. One bath bomb dissolves in about five minutes in close to hot water. The fragrance is wonderful and the results are skin softening. I also love that the color did not adhere to my skin or to my foot bath; at least the color of the "Romance" bomb I tried did not adhere.The current price of $17.99 comes to $3 per bath bomb which is just a tad pricey but then again I feel these are better than most. This would make a wonderful gift.
 This sound machine comes with a total of 24 sounds. It is packaged with an AC adapter, the unit itself, a cheat sheet circle, and a regular instruction pamphlet.Operation is simple as per my video. I just plugged it in and then pressed the light button for my choice of nightlight color. I also pressed the sound playing button to start playing the sounds. This button serves as the onoff button for the unit. The nightlight feature has seven lights that can be cycled through with two variations of white light. The timer feature goes from 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes or can be turned off to play continuously. There are three sound controls - naturelullaby, white noise, and fan. There are 8 available sounds each for the white noise and fan and 16 nature sounds. I particularly like the nature sounds.The current price of $25.99  is what machines like this go for. Of course, in the days of smart home speakers such as Google Home, no such device is really needed as I can just ask my Google Home to play sounds or tell it goodnight to get a routine. Nevertheless, for those who want a sound machine for a baby room or just for themselves, this does work. Know that there will never be more than 24 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played.I rated this unit three stars for several reasons. First, I prefer a battery operated unit (correction to what I said in my video). I do not like the idea that I have to be tethered to a power supply to operate this and want to be able to take it with me anywhere. Second, the controls on top are very difficult to see (see photo). The printing needs to be a bright white so that it is visible to the operator. Third, the unit is not as sleek as some other units I tried previously--it's tall and squat. Nevertheless, this works as designed and it is a good machine, but this is not my top pick.
I misunderstood what these were. I thought they were pre-moistened disposable wipes. However, these are DRY wipes that have to be wet. They are very strong and remind me of an everlasting paper towel. The problem is that I use paper towels or wet wipes to clean that are more disposable and can be thrown away after the initial use. I feel bad throwing these away and am not too keen on rinsing out litter pan gravel, lots of dust, and floor debris down the drain in order to reuse these.As can be seen in my photos, I used this to clean up litter pan dust. For this test, I did rinse it out and reused it again. I actually felt guilty throwing away the one wipe I used because it really is not very disposable.Obviously these have a purpose in situations where one wants to use a wipe like a rag that gets reused over and over again. For those purposes, these are perfect. However, I have an aversion to rinsing dust, debris, and grease down the drain and prefer to use paper towels instead. Therefore, I might re-purpose these to wash my dishes instead of using the cloth Handi Wipes.I was thinking these might work in a kennel but who wants to wash the wipe and re-use it after picking up animal waste and stuff. Currently there is no price listed but I suspect these will be costly.UPDATE - I've been using these for six months now and each wipe lasts me two weeks. It will take me forever to use all 300. I use them to clean my sink and wipe down my countertops several times per day. As as a result, I raised my ranking from 3 to 5 stars simply because they last very long.
To me there is nothing like a full mesh body puff. It is the only thing I use in the shower outside of a back brush. Nevertheless, these mitts have the best of two worlds. The mesh is thin and sewn onto the glove. The glove has two finger holes for the thumb depending on which side is being used. If I want a sudsy wash, I pull this on like a glove and use the mesh side. If I want to exfoliate, I turn it over and use the rough side. It also has a loop for hanging.It does not replace my favorite shower sponge but this comes close. Also, these can be used to wash the dishes if one does not want to use them for the shower.The current price of $13.98 comes to an expensive $6.99 per mitt.
This essential oil is a blend of sweet orange, neroli, and thyme. The combination evolves into a delicious orange aroma. I use about four to five drops in each of my diffusers and the fragrance wafts through the entire room. It is lovely.The current price of $9.99 is expensive for .17 fluid ounces; however, since I like the aroma so much, I did not take off one star for the high price.
There are two slim-profile six-cell travel-sized pill cases in this package along with 54 labels. Each of the cells has a good clasp that snaps tightly shut. In my photo, I was able to fit 20 of my 50mcg D3 tablets into one cell. Their portability and slim-profile are the best features. Note that it will not store more than a couple of  "horse-sized" pills and may not be able to store any depending on the size of the capsule. The cell covers do not fully stay open when removing or inserting the pills, so be prepared for it to stay only partially open.Also note that there is a right way and wrong way to insert the case into its holder. The side with the finger nubs on the case is the correct face-up position to insert the pill case with the lids facing up. It does not go in correctly if the case is flipped.The current price of $8.99 is competitively priced as it comes to $4 per case.
There are three roll-on fragrances in this set of Real Love, Citrus Glow, and Frankincense. I love the Citrus Glow as it has a full-bodied orange aroma. The Frankincense is my next favorite, followed by Real Love which is my least favorite. I cannot describe the scents of the other two.I applied each to the inside of my wrists. Unfortunately, the fragrance does not last long at all (about one hour). The current price of $24.99 would be competitive if these lasted longer and if I liked all three scents. The citrus one is my only favorite.
This is an excellent set for smoothing calluses or cracked heels. It comes with the rechargeable wand, a USB cable, three pumice heads, a cleaning brush, two foot masks, and two toe separators. I do not care for the toe separators because they hurt and are thick. However, everything else is great. Per the Amazon site, the grinding heads are coarse, regular, and fine.There are two speeds (slow and fast) and a tiny light on the front. The power level is also displayed during use. Operation is super simple. Just make sure the desired grinding head is fully seated and then press the ONOFF button. Press again if the fastest speed is desired. Press a third time to turn off.I did find the grinding a bit ticklish but was able to get through it. This is definitely a keeper. The current price of $12.99 is also excellent for this. Note that the grinding heads can be rinsed under water.
This mask is excellent. It has a nose wire and internal pocket for the supplied filters. The ear loops are adjustable with the silicone adjuster; however, they can fall off if adjusted too much. A lanyard would prevent them from falling off.There are two thick filters supplied as well.  The only big negative with this mask is that the medium adult size is more like a kid-size mask. I usually take a medium in a mask as I find the large is too loose. However, with this mask, I should have picked a large.The $19.99 price tag is also too expensive for this. If the sizing were right, it would have gotten 4 stars from me. If both the sizing and price were right (about $10), then it would have received 5 stars.
 This is a white noise sound machine with a total of 6 sounds. It "sits up" like an alarm clock. I love that it is battery operated. I charged it overnight. This comes with a USB cable (not the typical micro USB; perhaps type C), the unit itself, and an instruction pamphlet. Operation is simple as per my video. Press and hold the onoff button for about three seconds to turn the unit on or off.  Rotate the dial on the front to move through the six sounds of brook, thunder, white noise, wave, wind, and bonfire. All but one sound is pure annoying noise.The timer can be set from 20 to 120 minutes. Each press turns on a light in the front of the unit and when the lights are off, it means the timer is off.There is a nightlight feature that only works when powered on. The nightlight button is in the center top. There are three light varieties that can be cycled through with each press and the 4th press will turn off the light.  The first press turns on a light dot that rotates around the dial. The second press turns on one side of dots, then turns off the top dot and turns on the next bottom dot until it cycles around the dial with half the dots on and half off. The next press keeps all the dots lit. This is what they call breathing lights.The volume buttons are on the right side top that can be used to increase or decrease volume.The current price of $16.19 ($26.99 minus 40%) would be extremely reasonable for this if I liked it but I do not. It has a limited musical repertoire that is more annoying noise than anything else and the nightlight feature is more of a series of indicator lights. I like the look of this and that it is battery operated. I also like the simple operation. However, the two most important features (nightlight and sound) are lackluster in my opinion.
I tried several brushes over the last several months and love the KOZIS Wooden Bath Brush (Amazon item # B08HR2GBHC) the best. However, this one is very good too.The brush head side is ample for good coverage. The bristles are of medium softness. The massaging side is not useful to me because I have no desire to use that. In fact, I do not even understand why anyone would use that. The brush is hefty and is one solid piece, which is fabulous as the head cannot fall off the handle like some other brushes I tried previously. It also has a rope loop to hang up in the shower. In addition, a self-stick hook is supplied if needed but I did not use it.Besides the massaging brush head that I find useless, the only negative to me is that the brush handle is about two inches shorter than I would like. Many brushes have a longer handle and a longer handle is best when trying to reach my back. Nevertheless, this is still very functional and it is very well made.Overall, I like this brush even though it comes in second to the KOZIS I love. The current price of $11.99 is about right for a two-sided wooden brush.
This brush is two-sided. The only thing I like is that the bristles on the brush are relatively soft on the back. However, I would have preferred a larger head so that there are more bristles and larger puff.The other thing that annoys me is that the handle is too short and I have to stretch to reach my entire back. In addition, the rope loop in the middle of the brush is ridiculous and annoying during washing. Why they thought this was a good thing to attach to the puff is beyond me. There is already a hole in the handle for hanging.A self-adhesive hook is provided for hanging although I did not use that.In summary, this is functional but is the least favorite back washer I tried so far. Also, the current price of $14.99 is outrageous for this.
 This is a nice white noise sound machine with a total of 16 sounds. It is not battery operated and comes with a USB cable but no AC adapter, the unit itself, a round instruction card, and a regular instruction pamphlet.The unit must be plugged in to operate.  Operation is simple as per my video. There is a nightlight feature where several lights can be cycled through. The timer feature goes from 15 to 120 minutes or can be turned off to play continuously by holding the button down. The play button will turn the unit sound on or off. There are three sound controls - nature, white noise, and lullaby. There are six available sounds for the first two and only four lullaby sounds.The current price of $23.99 is reasonable for this. Of course, in the days of smart home speakers such as Google Home, no such device is really needed as I can just ask my Google Home to play sounds or tell it goodnight to get a routine. Nevertheless, for those who want a sound machine for a baby room or just for themselves, this does work. Know that there will never be more than 16 sounds available and it always has to be plugged in to operate.PS - I was almost going to lower the rating of this unit by one star because there was a card insert with the unit saying that $10 will be provided for a positive review. Such unethical practices annoy me. This unit is good enough to stand on its own merits without having to buy a review and if it were not, then it would not deserve a positive review.
I love the Heeta brand as I have a detangling brush of theirs that is excellent. Therefore, when I saw these I just had to try them. There are 12 individually wrapped bath bombs in this set in the scents listed below. - lavender- orange- lemon- strawberry- peppermint- coconut- vanilla- grapefruit- ocean- rose- blueberry- mango  Each fragrance is divine and smells fresh and exactly the way it should smell. These bombs are made with essential oils and they are large. Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. One bath bomb dissolves in about ten minutes in hot water. The fragrance is wonderful and the results are skin softening. BUT.....I used the rose bath bomb and the final color of the water was an indigo blue which turned my heels and toenails a SMURF BLUE. I also had a blue ring around my ankle. The skin color dissipated during drying but the nail color stayed for several showers. The blue coloring was easy to rinse off the foot bath.The current price of $32.99 comes to $2.75 per bath bomb which is just a tad pricey but then again I feel these are better than others I tried previously. This would make a wonderful gift as long as one does not mind the color changes particularly to the nails. I really love them but only for a foot bath.
There are six medium, thick, and elegant birthday gift bags in this set. Also, there were supposed to be 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag but only 10 ribbons were supplied. This means one bag cannot be used because there are no handles for it. To assemble, it is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out.These bags are attractive and high-end. They are perfect for birthdays. Each bag fits two one liter bottles of olive oil with room to spare or it fits one bottle with lots more room to spare (see photo).   However, at the current price of $10.79 ($11.99 minus 10%) for 6 bags it comes to a pricey $1.80 per bag. Since I only received 5 usable bags in my set, it comes to $2.16 per bag.
My recommendation is to stick with the PM2.5 filters. These filters are way too thin (just one ply) and the design is odd. In addition they are way too big to fit in any one of my over 45 masks. I actually had to fold them in half in order to tuck it into my masks' filter pockets. I would never order this again.
There are six medium-sized, thick bags with striped gussets in this set. They are only 4 inches longer than their small 8-inch bags. Also, there are 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag. It is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out. These bags are shiny and beautiful. One bag will fit three one-liter bottles of olive oil, with the top coming a little above the bag or one one-liter bottle with a cake box (as shown in my picture) that then leaves a little room to spare. The current price of 16.99 comes to an expensive $2.83 per bag. These are elegant bags but at this price they should come pre-assembled. Similar bags of this quality can be purchased much, much cheaper at the local dollar store. Therefore, I consider these 5-star gift bags at a 2-star price.
This is a very nice shower set. I love buff puffs over loofahs any day. To me this is not a loofah set but a puff set. What I like about these is that they lather the soap very well.  The handle on the back wand has a nice grip but it is only 10 inches long from where the wood goes into the puff. My other back brush has a 15-inch handle. I still can use this but it is not as easy a reach. This is the only reason I took off one star.In addition to the body and back puffs, a stick-on hook is included. Note that the whiteblack plastic should be peeled from the hook to reveal the silver finish. I did not use the hook because I already have hooks in my shower. However, this addition is also a nice touch.Overall, I really like this set. I would consider this 5 stars if they made the handle longer on the back puff.  The current price of $9.89 ($10.99 minus 10%) is very reasonable for this set. I also love the variegated black and white colors of the mesh.
I am beyond upset with this order. There are four sets of metatarsal pads in this box but three of the pairs are for the right foot only (see photo) and one pair has a left and right pad (see photo) in it.These are difficult to insert into a shoe because the back is very sticky. This means the first placement has to be final. I was able to insert one pair into my shoes and they offer some comfort. I would have rated this four or five stars if they shipped actual pairs and not pairs for people who have two right feet.This is another product going in the garbage because they are not usable as is.
There are six medium, thick "Thank You" bags in this set. Also, there are 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag. It is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out.These bags are beautiful, especially in the black with gold lettering. This medium bag fits two one liter bottles of olive oil  with a little more room to spare for other items such as a wooden spoon set, etc.The current price of 13.99 comes to $2.33 per bag which is a little pricey. However, these are lovely bags but I just wish they came pre-assembled.
These masks are perfect for winter. They are 3-ply, thick, warm, and super comfortable. There is no nose wire or adjustable ear elastics but I find that is not needed. Also, there is no inner pocket for a PM2.5 charcoal filter but that does not matter to me. I love almost everything about this mask. The black color goes with everything too and keeps dirt from showing. There are three in the package.  The current price of $17.05 ($17.95 minus 5%) is on the pricey side of competitive coming to and I would expect the three to $5.68 per mask. I put this in a lingerie bag in the washer and lay flat to dry. This mask gets 4.5 stars from me.
This mask is perfect for winter. It is 3-ply, thick, spacious, and super comfortable. There is no nose wire or adjustable ear elastics but I find that is not needed. Also, there is no inner pocket for a PM2.5 charcoal filter but that does not matter to me. I love almost everything about this mask. The black color goes with everything too and keeps dirt from showing. There are three in the package and I would expect the three to be priced at around $15 or $5 per mask. I put this in a lingerie bag in the washer and lay flat to dry. This mask gets 4.5 stars from me.
I take a size 9 to 9.5 women's shoe and that is the size I ordered (see photo). However, the sizing advertised is all wrong. This is more like a size 11.5 if measuring from tip to tip. Also, I just noticed that they claim a smaller woman's size equals a larger men's size. That is incorrect. A size 9 in a women's would fit a size 7.5 in a men's size and not vice versa as the men's sizing is always 1.5 lower than the female sizing. These cannot be cut down so I can't use them.If these fit, they do have some cushioning and arch support, which is good. However, it is made of super cheap foam and there is no way this is worth the $49.95 price ($24.95 if applying the $25 discount) they are asking. I would not expect this to sell for more than $6.NOTE that I tried to attach the sizing listed on the Amazon site and point to the wrong sizing but Amazon would not post that review, so I removed that photo. As of this writing, the men's and women's sizing is reversed.
I ordered the pleated light blue mask known as design 1056. The cloth is very comfortable and once I wrestle with the cord and get everything situated, it does provide full coverage of my face with the cloth extending far back under my chin but I have to make sure I guide the elastics behind my ear. If I do not do this, the mask will not stay on. It is also a very large mask. I do not like the behind the head adjustable cord because it keeps tangling in my hair and also keeps coming loose. As long as the mask does not move, coverage is complete and the material is soft and breathable. I also like how I can pull the mask down and it just hangs around my neck until I need it again. The big negative is the cinch cord and the constant adjustment. The cord also gets crooked and is not always even and I have to keep picking it out of my hair.The current price of $6.99 would be expensive but competitive if this worked well. In its current design, I hate it.
These disposable masks are like every other 3-ply disposable mask of this type that I tried so far. They have comfortable ear elastics and the mask is pleated and moldable to the nose with the interior wire.  There are 50 masks in this package.  The current price of $8.99 is a great deal for 50 which comes to $.18 cents each.  Since these are disposable, they are not designed to last, obviously.
I absolutely love these masks. The design and colors are attractive to me. The material is thick and layered and they are comfortable to wear. These are perfect for the fall or the winter. They are made of 100% cotton and the current price of $14.99 for these two masks are a reasonable price at $7.50 each.
This is a nice blend of essential oils for aromatherapy in a roll-on tube. The directions say to apply a small amount to the temples and behind the ears, the inside or outside of the wrists, or just inhale deeply. I used this several times already and love the fragrance but dislike that the aroma wears off in less than 30 minutes.It is made in the USA; I am not sure where the ingredients are from. The ingredients are pure sweet orange, bergamot, lavender, and Cedarwood essential oil in a base of fractional coconut oil.The tube does not say this is vegan even though the Amazon site says that.If this lasted longer, I would have rated this 4 or 5 stars.
I really love these towels. There are 50 "cloths" per roll for a total of 150 "cloths" over the three rolls. The exterior design is festive. Starting the roll is difficult because the first piece is glued on real tight. However, once I got the first piece off, I was good to go. I was able to wash the counter with these or clean parts of my cats' litter pans. They are strong and reusable. I do feel the current price of $17.99 ($19.99 minus 10% off) is expensive. However, if these rolls last long and I can reuse more than several times, then it might be worth it because at the current discounted price it comes to $.12 cents per sheet. Only time will tell how long this will last.This would have gotten 5 stars if they were not so pricey. However, this might not be 5 stars for everyone. Since it is a paper-towel like "cloth," when it is wrung out it is hard to unravel. I found myself picking apart the squeezed out cloth.
There are four black lanyards in this package. The loop is too small to get my head through. If I extend the pushbutton adjuster to the very end so that there is no loop (meaning the inclusion of the mask on the ends will create the loop), it is still too small. Also, I cannot get any of the clasps to open to attach the masks. I squeezed and squeezed and they barely budged. This is complete garbage and that is where I put this--in the trash.
This box is gorgeous and elegant and has diamond like etchings on it. It is also as sturdy as those colorful square boxes one can buy at Home Goods. The front flap magnetically closes. Since it is a beautiful silver, no wrapping is necessary. The only problem I have is that it comes with a bow that looks like it has been run over by a truck with black marks across it  in many places (see photos).To set this box up, all I had to do was unfold it. It is one piece and unfolds into the shape shown in less than a couple of seconds. There are no ugly creases; just a beautiful and sturdy box that can be used repeatedly for storage or for gifting. This particular version is the size of a small shoebox and will hold some lingerie or a small pair of PJs. The current price of $9.99 ($11.99 plus $2 off) is competitive. However, until they fix the problem with the supplied ribbon, I recommend passing on this.  
This case is not as small as I expected but it is still small enough to travel with. There are four large compartments that will hold many small pills or several large pills or supplements. The push button open pops open the top but the lid only stays open at an angle unless I push it up. I like the color and feel of this case and it certainly has a purpose for the right application. The silicone loop can be used to loop it through something like a carabiner, etc.
There are 30 shimmery champagne gold boxes and 6 pages of 20 clear stickers (totaling 120 stickers) that come with this set. They come in one piece and fold into a mid-sized box.I finally figured out how to fold the box bottom correctly. The tabbed flaps go on the outside of the bottom and interlock into the other flaps. They are not very sturdy, so I suspect that 4 of the 120 stickers should be used to secure the 4 tabs as shown in one of my photos.As long as one seals the bottom, it should hold. These are perfect for Christmas gifts (no wrapping needed) or for cookies, cupcakes, or other classy gifts.  Each box should be able to fit about one pound of cookies depending on the size of the cookie or four regular-sized cupcakes. Overall, I think these are classy but I do not like the interlocking design of the bottom that requires stickers to provide hold.The current price of $18.99 for 30 comes to  $.63 cents each which is reasonable
My boyfriend and I are highly impressed with this set. There are two pretty lilac heating and cooling wraps. We heated them in the microwave for two minutes each one. They come out really warm and are soothing as a neck wrap, to lay over the shoulder, around the arm, or leg.  These can also be used cold by putting them in a waterproof plastic bag in the refrigerator for at least four hours to chill. We personally only use these for heat therapy.There is Velcro along one end to keep the wrap in place. One has to be careful not to let the Velcro touch any delicate clothing because it is strong and can damage delicate fabrics like sweaters. The wraps are unscented and made of clay beads and millet. As a result of the ingredients, they are heavy. These wraps cannot be washed; they can only be surfaced cleaned.The current price of $22.99 for these two wraps is very reasonable. We are both highly impressed.
I had recommended sleeves like these for my boyfriend to offer ankle support and compression. I own other types of sleeves like these that help me with my plantar fasciitis. Nevertheless, he tried these and says they are very, very comfortable. He likes them as "socks" but says they do not offer any support or compression. I tried them on and they are too big on me. I got size 13-15 and he takes a 13 shoe, so these were the right size for him.He personally does not understand why they are open toe and neither do I. Nevertheless, he likes them for other reasons other than what they are advertised for. To him these are five stars for comfort but they do not hold up to the support claims. Therefore, look elsewhere for ankle support.
I actually ordered this for the pill cutter. Unfortunately, that arrived cracked but it still works. The pill is cut by a razor-like blade in the middle of the plastic cap. The pill has to be balanced on the tray below. Its use is somewhat successful.The two single-day pill boxes open easily and are portable for travel. They do what they are supposed to do, which is hold pills. However, my boyfriend and I wish these were clear so that the pills can be seen. This is the only negative with the cases. Also, the case covers are held on by a thin piece of plastic that will eventually fall off with lots of use.The current price of $9.99 is on the expensive side for this set but still competitive. There are better pill cases on the market. However, the cutter is what makes this set worth it to me if only it were not pre-cracked.
There are four colorful compression socks in this package. I wear a 9-10 shoe so I selected the largex-large size. A compression rating of 20-30mmhg is supposed to be firm and strong; however, the compression is very light. Also, the toe box feels as if it is sewn awkwardly on the sock. It is not uncomfortable, but has to be adjusted just so to feel best.I wore these all day and they look and feel great. These colors are fun and the socks feel almost like regular knee-highs.  Overall I do like them but I took off one star for not feeling like a compression rating of 20-30mmhg and another star for the weird toe box.
I purchased over 20 pairs of these  for my various shoes to reduce my plantar fasciitis pain. They never stick permanently but they work well for me. However, these arch supports look and feel nicer. I particularly love the heart-shaped design. I also tried similar arches , but now I am liking this better.There are two pairs in this package. It is perfect for a tall arch like mine and they feel very comfortable in my sneakers. They do have an adhesive backing, but I do not expect them to stick forever. So far they provide me with good support. I might purchase these in the future over my Dr. Scholl's or the other ones I just tried. They are all good to me.
I ordered several of these in different colors for review including the one in , and they are all junk and stick in place. All had to be thrown out.This black one is as terrible a pill case as the other colors. The door is difficult to open and the chamber was stuck on Saturday and a half. I cannot even use this; not to mention if I could I would not be able to see the pills. I threw this out. Avoid like the plague.
This is my fifth pair of Lollop compression socks. However, two of the pairs are a smallmedium size and three are medium large. This is a mediumlarge and runs a bit big.I take a size 9 to 9.5 in a woman's shoe and 7.5 to 8 in a man's boot. I ordered these in a medium  large size which is supposed to be for that size foot. However, they are way too big in the foot area as the heel comes halfway up my ankle. They do fit around the calves nicely, however.I love that they offer medium compression (15-20 mmHg) around my calves and some compression on the soles of the feet and arches. I felt comfortable in them all day without feeling like the life was being squeezed out of my legs. I also like the "normal sock" look of these knee-highs and they wash well in the washer but I lay them flat to dry. The blue hearts are very attractive even though the off-white is a bit dingy looking. I consider these socks very stylish. The material is 45% cotton, 40% nylon, and 15% spandex.If the sizing was specified correctly, this would have gotten 5 stars. 
This is a typical hardcover journal. It is nicely bound and has a ribbon bookmark so that one can locate the page of where they left off. It is also ruled. The only thing I do not like is that the date is on the right side of the odd pages. There is a date and page header on each page. On the left side of the book, these are located on the left. However, on the right side they are located on the right.  I would expect the date to always be on the left, no matter whether it is an odd or even page. It also would have been nice if they numbered the pages automatically since one is unlikely to remove pages from this nicely bound book.Other than this, this is a nice journal that is built to last.
 Included in the package is one sound and LED light ball with 3 AG3  LR41 1.5V batteries also installed. There are also 6 other replacement batteries included and one screwdriver to open the battery compartment for replacement.All I had to do is pull out the plastic tab on the battery compartment and press the on button. Once that is done, the ball lights up with alternating red, yellow, green, and blue lights and it chirps like a bird (see video). It did not sound like a mouse to me. It runs for about 12 seconds and goes silent until the cat moves it and the cycle repeats.My three cats lost interest immediately. I kept moving the ball for them but they eventually just walked way from it. I think this would be good for kittens but I doubt full grown cats will be enticed.The two pictures show my one cat losing interest. In the last picture my cat Ricky is walking away. I took the video the moment I gave it to my cats so there was some interest for a few seconds.
 There are six bath bombs in this package as follows:- Tranquility (a.k.a. purple lavender); it is pink- Acuity (a.k.a. chocolate mint); it is lime green- Calmness (a.k.a. chamomile tea); it is yellow- Harmony (a.k.a. jasmine flower); it is white- Romance (a.k.a. la vie en rose); it is electric pink- Happiness (a.k.a. lemon tree); it is yellowThe fragrance of all of them smell similar to me but unfortunately, I cannot describe it. It is like a perfume I want to get rid of.The fizz of these bombs is terrible. See video of the calmness bomb. The yellow color made it look like a floating egg yoke and when it was dissolved, I felt like I was bathing in a tub of urine. The only thing I liked about these is that they are slightly moisturizing. Other than that, I am disappointed.
There are 20 gallon-sized plastic storage bags in this box and each has a slider closure. The Cowboys emblem takes up the entire front side of the bag as can be seen in the attached picture.What I like about these is that they expand at the bottom. In the picture, the bag contains two 17.63 ounce containers of marcona almonds and I had room to spare.  The expandable bottom ensured that these stand up on their own.  Overall, I really like these. They do feel a bit thinner than other Ziploc bags but not so thin that it matters much.These are great for storing nuts, cheese, crayons, a wet bathing suit, and anything else that can fit into a one-gallon bag. At the current price of 9.99, this comes to $.50 cents per bag.
My boyfriend swears by tart cherries in any form.  I've read a lot about them and sour cherry reduces inflammation and muscle soreness, helps with insomnia, and prevents gout (a form of arthritis).  Inflammation is my middle name so I wanted to try this. Although, I don't have gout, I do have arthritis in various parts of my body. I also have daily muscle aches and inflammation (which was recently verified by a doctor), yet after consuming these capsules for a couple of weeks, they have had no effect either good or bad on me. I should be finished with the bottle in another two weeks.  The positive is that I did not have any side effects.  I've used Nature's Bounty red yeast rice and although that product worked for me to lower my cholesterol, I had a permanent nasty side effect from it. Therefore, I consider the absence of any bad effects with this supplement a big plus. On the other hand, I've had no reduction in soreness or inflammation so it's like taking a placebo for me.  It does appear this tart cherry concentrate works for some, so I suggest anyone considering this give it a try.Depending on how many pills are taken per day, this bottle provides a 60, 30, or 20 day supply. The recommended dosage is 1 to 3 pills per day with meals. The max I've taken was 2 per day.I called Nature's Bounty to understand why the bottle says 1000mg equivalent on the front, yet the back says 250mg per capsule. What the fellow say to me was that the powder is concentrated and the 250 is the weight if you were to empty the contents of the capsule. However, he said since it is an extract, these compressed components are equivalent to 1000mg per capsule. Whether this is really true or not, I have no idea.As for the ingredients, besides the tart cherry (prunus cerasus) fruit extract, each capsule also includes vegetable cellulose and less than 2% of silica and vegetable magnesium stearate. This is suitable for vegetarians.
In addition to this new Linea squeegee, I have three OXO shower squeegees two of which are in service at any given time:-  (my favorite)- - I have been using my  OXO squeegees anywhere from twice daily to once every other day depending on which shower I'm using and if I'm taking one or two showers per day.This unit comes in three pieces--the suction cup (which has to be screwed into the stainless steel holder), the stainless steel holder, and the squeegee. Its features are:- Partial crystal-like handle- Rust proof stainless steel in brushed nickel finish for top of squeegee and suction hook- Slightly angled neckPROS- It has a long 10" blade so it's great for wiping down my shower walls in a few passes.- The streamlined design looks sleek and elegant (except for the Lucite-looking handle).- The blade wipes smoothly and leaves my walls and shower doors streak-free.- The suction cup holds hard on my acrylic shower walls.- The blade appears to be replaceable by loosening two screws.- It comes with lifetime limited warranty (guaranteed rust-proof finish, will replace if defective, etc.).CONS- To me this is heavy as it weighs in at 6.5 ounces (excluding suction holder).- The handle looks like Lucite or glass and if the suction cup gives way when it's hanging I expect it to break when it hits the tub or shower bottom. In fact, the weight of this thing might nick the bottom of a porcelain tub. Only time will tell how this holds up.- The handle is too thin for grasping comfortably.- I wish the blade head were a little more angled.Compared to my other squeegees, I actually like this one the least mainly because of the thin fragile handle and the lack of a deeper angled head.If I were to rate my preference in squeegees, my first choice is the  ,  (4.7 stars), and the  . This squeegee  I rate 3 stars because, the handle needs to be thicker and in stainless steel and the head more angled. At the current price of $39.99 plus $5.25 shipping, I feel this is overpriced for its current design.  Nevertheless, this squeegee is a looker and for those who have very large showers and baths, this 10" blade makes short work of wiping away the water.
I use these for my car windows when they fog up and it does work on glasses as well.
It's a nice bunch of stuff  packed in a box. For the money  it is worth  it very nice selection  of stones.
They slip around on nose pad quite big
The problem is that they wear out in just a week or so.
A very good brand we're buying more and more under this brand
He did not measure properly it's too small but we're using it
Have bought this probiotic at pharmacies over the counter lot cheaper at AmazonSo instead just going out for a probiotic we will buy  at the comfort of our home
Love the Cube design.. perfect for those who want to use in a small space. An air purifier with a white noise output! Device itself creates a white noise that actually can be soothing and will not interrupt sleep or conversation.I appreciate this comes ready to use… And includes an extra filter. *One concern I do have- is there is no listing for replacement filters to purchase at this time..!!! The concern is if it’s necessary to replace this item prior to being available online? And second issue.. what will these cost! This matters for me to make a claim this is value worthy to a buyer. As you can see- these questions can affect whether this purchase holds true value: ifwhenhow much replacement filters will be.. and it’s my reason for detecting x1 star.As for functionality.. this seems very easy and straightforward. This contains solid and helpful instructions that include diagrams as well as real time photos- see pic.’s I included. It also includes a small screwdriver which is needed to open cover at given time- very helpful to be all inclusive. *hack: keep instruction manual, extra filter included and tool all in one place.. this will simplify the filter swap when needed!Buttons are white with gray writing and have indicator light when selected.. but, for any with less than stellar eyesight- You may need to navigate choices under regular light source.. at least till you’ve become familiar with button placement. Otherwise, it can be hard to see. Not a deal breaker just a factor to consider.. who will be end user and could this pose an issue?  Once you selected a  function.. this works as expected and does a fantastic job. It allows varied speeds and set timing options- it even notifies when filter must be replaced… lets just hope it’s available! Hoping this info helps your decision- stay safe.
Little to no force required, durable, file on the handle is a nice touch!
I've been using this for about 3 years now and after trying about 5 other products, this one works the best. We have 2 kitties !
my favorite toothpaste my only problem is the tube is too small
Wifes meds and she loves price and convenience. Looking forward to many more useful buys. Thank youfor ease of ordering.
I like the picturet.I can carry more then one prescription
This air freshener is perfect for a room we have a bunny rabbit in! It takes all the smell away! Great product for the money!
I always recommend people try half the dosage for a few days before continuing blindly.  Any herbal supplements need to be treated if you haven't been checked out by a licensed herbalist - each blood type and body may take to a herbal supplement differently.  Ginseng is a strong and effective herb to support the body's energy.  this one was powerful for me so I only take half dosage a few days a week.
All the goodies of bone marrow without cooking it myself!  So good for your cartilage health, especially if you run, Amy high impact activities.  Easy to take, and no after taste.  I tried another supplement from this brand, and I am impressed with their quality, that I am taking this to improve my joints.
We use these heel pads for all new leather shoes until we have broken them in.  It literally prevents the tough leather digging into your ankle and often creating a bleed. They last a long time, and grips well onto any shoe.  It has become a must for us at home. Not dealing with a bleeding and painful ankle joint again!
love there are various shaped containers that I use for holding specialty flourbaking goods and homemade pasta.the lids are very tight and holds liquids in without no leaking; although that said the lids are hard to peel off and hence use for solid goods.With all plastic, you need to be careful to throw away of any white cracks.  Otherwise,  solid product from Amazon.
it is an easy way to ingest superfood and I use this with my smoothie - i kinda throw in a lot of super food related powder in my smoothies.  with regards with this product - it does not have a strong over riding flavor , which is great as I prefer to taste the fruitsvegetables.  this is a great supplement if you are working out a lot as it is hard to replace nutrients lost from ordinary food without adding a lot of calories.love that it is fresh and sealed well to keep the product fresh.  I would buy this product again.
This is a forts for me, and I wasn’t sure if this was going to be a waste of f money and time.  I wash my hair daily now, due to exercising needs.  What I loved about this conditioner and despite the color and the initial scent. The end results was beautifully soft hair and a beautiful honeysuckle smelll!  If it weren’t for the fact I washed my hair everyday, the fragrance would linger.  It is not overpowering at all, just a whiff when you shake your head.  Wow. I can’t believe this conditioner, and it didn’t leave my hair feeling too thick and sticky.  I am converted to continue with this brand.  Not sure I am brave enough to try the other brands.  Definitely a hit for me.
Elegant it is and heavy too, just a note to make sure the suction pad is tight before hanging the squeegee.  It hung best against the glass shower door, not so much on the wall.  Besides its sleek look it functions pretty awesomely with its long length to cover a wide area and the rubber worked well to pull the moisture off the surface.  A good squeegee
Bought these for my 8 yr old grandson and he loved them.  He tells me they are very warm and comfortable.
Held up well even in the wind!
We've tried other covers previously that took too much effort to put on. This one was quick and easy to use! Worked perfectly! No issues or leaks!
They did not taste good at all. Very expensive for what you get. They taste old.
The convience , the durability , makes things faster in shower getting ready for work !!!
I love this thing! It helps my back pain quite well, is easy to use, and fits great! Perfect product. Excellent support!
These gummy vitamin C supplements are great. I love that they include bioflavonoids. I do dislike the amount of vitamin c per gummy, but that is pretty standard. You'll have to take 4 of these to equal one pack of emergen-C. They taste great and are a good option for kids.
This is a good supplement with vitamin c, zinc, and magnesium along with a blend of herbs. The capsules are easy to swallow. Because of the magnesium, I take it at night since magnesium can make you sleepy. My only real complaint is the amount of vitamin C isn’t high enough in my opinion. Only 255mg per serving, so I still have to take an additional vitamin C supplement.
I love these reading glasses. They are really comfortable and crystal clear. I wasn’t sure if I’d like the metal side or not, but they haven’t been a problem at all.
The pillow itself is really comfortable. It is super plush and thick memory foam. Very comfortable. Definitely made for an adult. However, the fabric isn't the best. It is soft, but the stitching isn't durable at all. The snap on mine broke off pretty quickly. It just ripped straight out without me pulling or anything. The pillow is just heavy and if you are snapping it to your bag when not in use, it puts too much stress on the weak seams.Update: downgraded my star rating because the cover fell completely apart after only a few uses. Then you just have this memory foam “pillow” that definitely needs a cover. So, about a month from opening the package to throwing the pillow away.
This is the second keychain in this style I have owned. I really prefer this one to my other. This one is made of neoprene type fabric, so it stretches better than the canvas type and puts less stress on the zipper. It comes with 8 58 dram amber vials with orifice reducers and lids, so you can fill them with your essential oils. About 30 drops of oil fit into each bottle. You can use smaller vials, as well. And I have found you can it a few even larger vials. (I have a few 0.12 oz amber bottles that fit in the four center slots.) You'll want label stickers, so you remember what you put in each bottle and those DO NOT come with the keychain. The pouch keeps the glass bottles safe and well protected. I definitely recommend this keychain for having oils on the go.
This is great powder! It is my favorite. My boys use it to powder inside their pants for sports so they don't chafe. It is slightly pink in color because of the calamine, and can stain white undies with a pink tint. But this stuff works really well. It is also great at preventing heat rash.
Order the ones for fingers and toes, got the ones for toes only.  Returning!
Not more than a glorified piece of velcro. Not what was expected.
I really don't know what to say other than it's horrible it doesn't blow long and I would not give it to my worst friend anime kid me that's my opinion
Fits my Water furnace Series 7 perfectly. The MERV 11 is great for the area I live in.
One thing is certain, these are well made cheater glasses but not for me.  The frames, which are very nice and stylish, are too small for my head (6'4" male).  They look super cute on my partner though, although she needs a slightly higher magnification than the 1.5 I use.I did notice that these seem to have a much closer depth of field for me.  Most Cheaters let me sit back from my monitor screens and be able to see out about 4 feet, these seem to be under 2.  Once things are within 20 inches or so, they are amazingly sharp and clear, but not until it gets that close.The price is great, 3 for $15 is about as good as it gets, and these are very well made for that price point.  I am actually fairly new to cheaters but finding that I definitely need them from time to time, so I am keeping these are emergency backups in the office, car, and home.  Can't beat the price, and I actually used them for some clay work I was doing because of their razor sharpness.
I'm a little divided with my partner on this one.  She seems to really like it and I'm definitely more tepid on it.  It is soft and it does have secure Velcro (at least for now.)  I like the color and it is not completely unflattering when she wears it.  But I find it a little lacking in quality of materials and details.  The Velcro looks visually uncomfortable and I'm not a big fan of the way the elastic bunches the fabric, nor is the fabric particularly plush.She sees lots of potential as a swimming and bath wrap and would probably give it five stars and I would give it three so I split the difference.  Personally I would just like something that exudes a little more quality, but I will not doubt the utility.  Particularly, the Velcro does hold very strongly and you can feel secure in that it will not suddenly release like a normal towel.  Price is not bad, but I would pay more for more.
This is a Christmas gift for my Granddaughter....of course she has not used it yet, but,  It looks beautiful and I believe she will love it.
Wow, cleaned my BBQ so beautifully, plus my two wood stoves and the bricks around them.
This cleansing brush system is excellent. First it comes with a beautiful carrying case, it has a huge body brush. Second, it has a blending brush for getting facial creams well blended into your skin, which means you you less cream and it is fully absorbed. Third, it comes with a facial brush for deep cleaning your face. Fourth, it comes with a pumice stone as well. All this plus it's battery operated. You really don't need to buy separate gadgets, save money and be completely satisfied with this system. It truly is a wonderful system and I highly recommend it. I bought this with a discount, but would gladly pay full price for one for my daughter in a heartbeat.,
I cannot believe how just drinking a great tasting tea ( which I love to do) can have such a profound affect on my complexion. Well I can tell you that it does, my skin is soft and glowing and to be honest I do use skin care products that are all natural or that don't have such rash chemicals in them and they do work great. However after trying this tea my results have doubled even tripled in some areas like my glowing complexion and the softness of my skin. I'm 53 and people have actually accused me of jokingly lying about my age, most think I'm in my early forty's What? Thanks Baetea for the opportunity to try this amazing tea. I know some of you already knew the benefits of tea and I do to for health and overall wellbeing, but for skin and complexion I had no idea.
Use for Fog and haze weather,Gray sky,Fog weather, Dust weather, Snow weather, Building site Etc.Not for Medical use. It has 3 layers and covers my whole face. I feel like it will protect me and those i come in contact with; and the price was right.  The ear loops are comfortable and the nose piece keeps my glasses from fogging.
It has the touch and strength of high-end plastic cutlery. Labeled "Compostable in Industrial Facilities" and that you should "check locally as these do not exist in many communities." It probably goes without saying that these are not suitable for backyard composting. The bonus is that these are made from renewable sources.
At this strength I take one a day and it's relieved the arthritis pain in my hands almost completely, I was not able to walk two miles without having to stop because of the pain. A friend turned me on to the pain relief of Turmeric Curcumin  with Black Pepper. I've been using it for two years now it has the right combination. I now walk 2 miles without any pain at all. I take one a day.
In the last month I have tried 3 different brands and this by far was the most unappealing taste, I was hungry and I didn't want to finish it.For flavor I would say the best was - SPLENDA Diabetes Care Shakes - Meal Replacement Shake, 8 Fluid Ounces Per Bottle (French Vanilla).For low calorie and protein the best is - Premier Protein 30g Protein Shakes, Vanilla, 11 Fluid Ounces
It's significantly louder than my other tool (Foot Scrubber Electric Foot File Callus Remover Hard Skin Remover Pedicure Tools for Cracked Heels and Dead Skin with 3 Roller Heads White by BOMPOW).On first try I thought it didn't power-up but you have to hold the power button down until it powers up.I like that it comes with 3 heads to suit different issues.Waterproof! Safe to use in the bath or shower! I am shouting with happiness because this is the BEST EVER, SO MUCH BETTER THAN ALL THE MANUAL TOOLS!The only negative is it doesn't come with a adapter for the wall, only a USB charging cord. Also because it has different attachments a small cloth bag would have been wonderful to keep it all together.
I loathe when using a disposable hand-towelwashcloth and it falls apart in your hands - yuck! This will never happen with this product. This is very substantial and not like the flimsy ornamental hand-towelwashcloths you find in many guest bathrooms - all show and no substance. These cloths feel rich and substantial and completely absorb the water after washing your hands.
The sponges are what you would expect to buy at a dollar store. The steel wool should hold up for many months - the sponges I expect will last a month.
It's as thick as the name brand and about the cost as you would pay at a box store but slightly less expensive then the name brand you can buy here.
Goes down and stays down, no after taste. Currently 56 cents per dose. EPA 900 mg, DHA 600 mg, Other Omega-3 Fatty Acids 300 mg; The company Vimerson Health is new to me and was trademark in 2015 from what I have found.
I'll date myself here, I have been a Packers fan since Vince Lombardi days - lol. You you can surmise I was thrilled that Ziploc has Packers storage bags - easy choice to make.
Actually works & long enough to cover my curvy figure too! Stays put, lightweight so I don’t get too hot either. Love it & will give as gifts too!
OH MY GOSH.... THIS IS SO COMFORTABLE!!!  My back is so happy...thank you!
I really enjoy creating my own custom essential oil blends. Black pepper is a new discovery for me. It has a warm and spicy scent that adds an extra kick of something exotic to your blends. It pairs well with woody scents like pine, cypress, and cedarwood. It's also nice with citrus notes like neroli and bergamot. It's ideal to use in rooms where you want to feel relaxed. Surprisingly, it can help you sleep better. Overall this is a good buy. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
This product isn't for you if you don't like sweet potatoes. The bar is basically a sweet potato fruit bar. It's all of the nutrition you want from the real thing in a portable form. You can take these on hikes, throw them in a bag, or keep them on hand for emergency food. I'd definitely recommend this as an alternative to high sugar bars.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
Quitting smoking is probably one of the hardest habits to break. Any help you can get is great. This system kind of combines rewards and therapy. The sensor helps you track your levels so you get positive reinforcement when you smoke less. There's also access to an interactive community to share the journey with others. It's okay to get help when you need it. It doesn't make you weak, it makes you smart. Good luck!!!Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
Indoor air quality has become of the utmost importance these days. Most people want to do everything they can to keep their homes safe. This gadget is a novel approach. It uses UV-C light to sanitize the air in your home via the HVAC system. It's something that can be used in combination with an air filter to improve the air quality in your home. The unit is small and easy to install. The bulbs can be replaced when they die. I think this is an excellent invention. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
As a true nerd, I really enjoy the packaging that looks like a beaker. It gives you the instant impression that what's inside is very effective. The toner addresses several issues with one easy treatment. It calms irritation, balances oil production, smoothes texture and brightens skin tone. It kind of straddles the line between toner and essence because it also moisturizes. It's ideal for oily and acne-prone skin. Use twice daily for maximum effects. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Plant protein is a better choice for your overall health. The texture of most is less than desirable. This powder has a non-gritty texture that is easier to palate. The taste is also an improvement. The blend of plants is different than some others I've tried. The watermelon seeds are a novel addition. You may need to add more liquid to this than with whey if you don't like a super thick shake.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
CoQ10 is an essential supplement for overall health. It is used in all of our cells. It's especially useful for neurological and cardiac function. It's important that the CoQ10 you choose is water soluble so your body can fully utilize it. This one is 100% water soluble. This supplement also includes vitamin E. This is a high quality supplement that you should consider adding to your daily diet. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
This is a unique blend of plant-based protein with anti-inflammatory ingredients like tart cherry and turmeric. It's very low in net carbs and is ideal for anyone on a keto or diabetic diet. The vanilla cold brew flavor is delicious!! I like this as a post-workout recovery drink. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I watch lots of skincare videos. Massage is a key step to increase blood circulation, naturally lift lax skin, increase collagen production and help products penetrate deeper. This massager has three different modes with three intensity levels for each. The cleansing mode warms skin and helps open pores for deep cleaning. The iontophoresis mode is ideal to use with a sheet mask to increase circulation and improve elasticity. The transmission mode uses red light to brighten skin, reduce fine lines and wrinkles, encourage collagen production and increase product penetration. Use this mode after applying your entire skincare routine. Each cycle runs for four minutes before the auto-shutoff is engaged. The unit doesn't operate unless the massage head is in full contact with skin. You may need to apply pressure for it to start. I highly recommend this device as part of a healthy aging skincare routine.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Now is a great time to take care of your immune system. It helps you fight off everything from colds and flu to cancer. These gummies taste great. They have a blend of elderberry, propolis and echinacea. They're all known to boost immune function. The gummies are very easy to take and are soft and chewy. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
If you've ever ruined an item of clothing or upholstery due to a stain, you'll definitely want this product. The spray protects fabrics from all kinds of stains. You may want to apply a few layers for some fabrics. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
With this mister, you can change regular water into a hydrogen-rich treatment. In addition to hydration, you get the benefits of preventing oxidation. The device is small enough to fit in most bags and is ideal for travel. It's a good way to refresh your skin on the go or to keep it moist between skincare steps. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I've never tried a protein drink that's basically a shot. It's a novel concept that I enjoy very much. The bottle is small enough to fit in a bag to take on the go. You can drink it alone or add it to other liquids. The flavor is pleasant. There are artificial flavors if you're trying to avoid them. Otherwise, this is a good product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Bitter melon is a good natural medicine. It can help you maintain healthy blood sugar levels. It also helps to regulate lipid levels. You can make a tea or add it to your favorite liquid. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
CLA is a secret I've used for years to control my weight and help me build and retain muscle. This formulation is very potent. The serving size is four capsules. You can split this into two each with your two largest meals. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
This massager brush cleans scalp effectively and makes your head feel great when you use it. The bristles are very soft and easy to clean. You can use it on any hair length or texture. You'll feel like you're getting a special scalp treatment at home. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
If arthritis runs in your family, you definitely want to get a jump on it before your joints start deteriorating. This supplement is excellent for joint support. It contains high-potency anti-inflammatory ingredients. You won't feel a difference immediately, so give it time to work. I highly recommend this supplement.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
This is a superior form of Coq10. It is absorbed better than other formulations. This supplement is useful for many cellular functions, so it's a good idea to add it to your diet.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
We all know we should be eating more greens. This is an easy way to do so. The powder can be added to any liquid. You could also bake with it or add it to sauces. It's quite versatile. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Moringa is so nutritionally dense that it's referred to as the "miracle tree". This powder is easy to stir into drinks, drink as tea, or add to smoothies. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I watch lots of skincare videos. I often see gadgets like this one used. It's a much easier way of deep cleaning pores and doing extractions. It uses ultrasound to literally vibrate impurities out of your pores. If you flip the blade over, it can be used to push skincare products more deeply into the skin. The instructions aren't very clear on how to use the blade for different functions, so you may have to watch videos from one of the bigger brands (like Pop Sonic) to learn how to do so. Other than that small gripe, I highly recommend this tool.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Triphala is probably as ubiquitous in India as aspirin is in the US. It's used for digestive health and overall balance. You can make a tea with it or simply add it to your favorite beveragesmoothie. For the best absorption, you should take it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I use household gloves all the time, so I know a thing or two about them. These are high quality and come in at a budget-friendly price. The length is longer than average to keep your sleeves dry. These sets come in several colors, so you can choose your favorite. I'd get several just to keep them on hand.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I think every household needs cleaning gloves. These have the same quality as Playtex. They are latex-free so you don't have to worry if you have allergies. There are different colors, so you can color code according to task. This is a great buy.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
If you want a good facial cleansing brush, but don't want to spend $200, this is a good alternative. The brush is compact and easy to hold. It doesn't take up much space on a counter. It also packs well for travel. It's cordless and rechargeable. It's a good skincare tool. Don't forget to clean your brush with antibacterial soap after each use.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
This is a great set of gloves. They can be used for many different tasks. You get a few pairs so this is a good deal. They're latex-free for those with allergies. The material isn't too thin or flimsy. The length is a bit longer than standard. They're high quality gloves.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Beet root powder has a plethora of uses. It's excellent for cooking. It enhances any chocolate dessert. I use it to increase my stamina and endurance for workouts. I add it to my morning green drink. It's chock-full of antioxidants. It's also great for skin health. Over time, you'll notice that your skin has a healthy glow when taking this supplement. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Astragalus has many health benefits including immune support, liver cleansing, healthy skin, and stress support. It's a great adaptogen if you have trouble sleeping due to stress. The powder is slightly sweet and mixes easily into liquids. If taking for sleep support, I suggest using it an hour before bed.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Neem oil is great for hair and skin. It helps strengthen strands and improves elasticity. It encourages hair growth and can prevent unnecessary shedding. It is also good for fighting wrinkles. The capsules are filled with oil. You can easily puncture them with a thumbtack or sewing needle and add them to either hair or skin products. Another great use is to add some to your favorite clay mask to make it dry down slower. I think this is a great buy.Thanks so much for reading this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Considering all of the toxins to which we are exposed each day, it's probably a good idea to detox your liver on a regular basis. Milk thistle has been used for this purpose for many years. This particular product is raw and organic which makes it ideal. There's enough product to last for two months. I'd suggest mixing this with your favorite liquid in a blender or a shaker to make sure the powder is fully dissolved. Here's to a healthy liver!!
Reishi is widely used in Eastern medicine. It is a Qi (vital energy) tonic that has multiple benefits including cardiovascular health, immunity, stress management, increased energy, and sleep support. I like this particular product because it's organic and sourced from whole food. I highly recommend it.
They were exactly what I needed for close sewing work and made all the difference in being able to see to thread the needle!
I do like kuumba but its always a hit or miss. I've purchased a few different kinds and one may hold its scent and smell lovely while others have absolutely no smell whatsoever.  Its unfortunate.
Unfortunately, it did not remove the odor as I had hoped.
I have spent years making homemade bread for my family and one of my most important tools has been a plastic dough scraper I got from a King Arthur seminar several years ago. Without explanation, my scraper simply disappeared without a trace and no one knows what happened to it (I think it got tossed in the trash by accident). I went about finding a replacement and after looking at a number of products I chose this one based on the price and the positive reviews. It has proven to be a good tool, a little different than my old scraper but still fine for my needs.Instead of plastic, this one is stainless steel encased in silicone. There are a couple of important factors here. First, because of the silicone shell the scraping edge is soft and pliable. This is helpful for scraping around crevices and getting as much dough from a round plastic bowl as possible.  Because of the stainless steel inside, the whole is stiff though still slightly bendable which allows it to flex just enough to clean the bowl of my stand mixer without fatigue or permanently getting warped or bent. It is stiffer than my old plastic scraper, and while this is a positive thing it does require getting used to it.Unlike my old plastic scraper, this one will work on a hot saucepan. That’s good news for when I am making candy and don’t want to wait for the syrup to cool and harden, requiring a lot more effort to remove. I did not find any statement regarding the temperature limit for this scraper but based on other silicone utensils I have it is probably safe up to around 400 degrees F.And...silicone is more non-stick than plastic so clean-up is a little easier. It was never bad with with my plastic scraper, but it did require a bit more effort than this new scraper just because of the nature of the materials of each.I’m very pleased with this scraper. It meets the need I had and it is better than my old plastic scraper that I used for years. It works well, it can be used on hot or cold cookware and it is very easy to clean. It’s reasonably priced too. Based on my experience, this is a very easy product to recommend.
Anyone involved in sports has the potential of suffering a strain or injury to the knee, especially if the sport requires running or repetitive motion. Having injured a knee in the past I know how unpleasant this is and how long it takes to recover. I didn’t have a sleeve like this when I was recovering but I wish I did.This knee sleeve is made of a stretchy material that provides enough stretch to fit comfortably but still remain snug; that is, it does not cut off circulation while is stays in place. It does not pinch or cause irritation behind the knee when the knee is bent either which is nice. The whole is very breathable though it still gets a little warm when worn (to be fair, I am writing this at the onset of summer – everything is warm).The main feature of this sleeve is the silicone buttress that supports and semi-immobilizes the kneecap. It is a round insert (insert in the sense that it is sewn in, not removable) that provides two things for the knee: it keeps the knee cap from floating (a residual problem I still have from years ago) and it provides some cushioning that assists a bit with minor impacts. The cushioning is nice, but keeping the kneecap in place is very helpful as it keeps it from sliding and pinching the muscle.While this sleeve does slightly restrict movement is does not really interfere with most activities. It is comfortablebreathable, it provides good protection for the knee and it keeps things in place so the knee can heal faster. Overall I am very pleased with it and wish I had this years ago.Disclaimer: I was provided a sample of this product in exchange for a fair, honest and thorough review. Even though I received this product at no cost I have rated and reviewed this product without bias, based solely on my experience with it.
We are extremely pleased to find this 500 pack of larger pill pockets. They open easy, are wider than the standard pill packs, and we will stick to the brand going forward. Excellent price and quality.
These are great glasses for light sensitive people. Have owned 3 pair and have found nothing better than this Noir dark plum 4% for coverage. Highly recommend these
Much better quality & filtering than the original filter provided by the CPAP manufacturer. Perfect size. Loaded with fibers for superior filtering. This pkg of fiber filters are a great price. I will be re-ordering.
This is a lovely set. The “either hand” mitt fits a woman’s hand, perfectly. I love the duo thumb holes so I can switch hands.The length of the back scrubber is also just right, making it easy & comfortable to use (other’s I have bought were so long it was difficult to use). I really like the medium knubb of the material - gives a good scrub but soft enough to be gentle on your skin. The end handles are strong & positioned just right.Both pieced are easy to use, make lots of lather & are easy to rinse clean then hang to try.I will definitely buy again & think this set is pretty enough to make a nice holiday gift, as well.
Unlike the picture this thing is about the size of a quarter and broke the first time I used it. Don't bother getting it. It is not what is shown on the picture and it was only one tiny, tiny thing that never worked. Waste of money.
Love these pads! They are comfortable, and make you feel extra fresh.
Hear these are just the best to use! Grabbed 3 packs
This stuff is amazing. It really removed marks on your walls and doors. How it works??? But it does.
This product is Ok for cleaning up but not as good as advertised for tough stains.  Matter of fact if you use too much or scrub too much it leaves a pink stain!
Got for my daughter it helps her so great buy
Highly recommend great taste and great buy
Keeps my skin safe from the luekotape I put over the cover roll stretch tape
Love the smell. Not sweet and cloying like some others. Also, keeps bugs away. Had an ant problem at one apartment, used this around any sweet drink, no more ants in my tea or soda. No more ants on my tables. Around the windows and doors, they stopped coming in. All the bugs stayed away.
These are great although for tight spaces they will break off in your teeth and you have to be adventurous to get them out. But otherwise they do the job they are intended to do.
For when I am craving dark chocolate and raspberry -- this one has good flavor, high protein and less carbs.  Beware about eating more than one a day though -- unless you are wanting a cleansing with cramps.
I do love the color variations present throughout this carved piece of natural jade, but it does have an uneven notchblemish present along the longest edge that obviously resulted from a tool mark mistakenly made during the grinding process. This scraper does have an unshiny, matte finish (it is not super glossy like some other gua sha tools I’ve used), so it might be more preferred by those searching for a natural looking accessory, and it seems comfortably sized and shaped overall.It does come with an attractive drawstring storage bag with a leafy botanical design, so that is a nice bonus, I just wish every edge of this scraper had been smoothly shaped and polished. But that’s the only critique I have for this one. It’s great for increasing circulation and lymphatic drainage and for increasing the absorption of various face serums! I’d gladly recommend this jade tool to others. 🌿
I love these aromatic steamer shower bombs! They are vividly colored, appropriately sized, delightfully scented, and affordably priced, and they always provide an invigorating shower experience! Each disk comes individually wrapped, and the entire set is attractively packaged, but I will say that any other scented products I use at the same time as these overpower the fragrant scent of these bombs (simply because body washes and shampoos are closer to my nose). The air is scented strongly for up to about 3 feet above each bomb, and they dissolve cleanly without staining surfaces, so I’d still recommend this boxed dozen to others!
I’ll start by saying that the pair of jade facial tools I received do indeed match the online product photos. The gua sha scraper is a significantly darker shade of green than the lighter bright green hue of the accompanying roller. I’m not sure why anyone would intentionally choose a set of paired tools that differ so drastically in color, but at least they’ve been accurately represented in the listing.While the scraper is smoothly polished and comfortable to use and hold, the dual-ended roller is rather noisy. Unlike most other jade rollers currently available, this roller doesn’t have the clear silicone plugs present inside each drilled cylinder, so all rolling motions produce a clunking sound as the stones bump up against the metal bars of the triangle-shaped hardware. The stones are nicely polished and attractive otherwise, and each end of the roller still provides adequate pressure, but the overall functionality leaves a little to be desired since a silent rolling mechanism hasn’t been ensured.At a current list price of $4.95, this is by far the cheapest jade facial set I’ve come across, so it might be great for new users who are looking to test drive a pair of these tools before possibly selecting a slightly more expensive version, but the visual impact of the widely different color shades is definitely distracting.
The antioxidant-rich solution contained in these squeeze pouches is packaged and produced in Canada. The directions say it should be stored in a dry, dark place at room temperature, and the flavor tastes like tart grape juice. 🍇 The ingredients do list the presence of a couple of preservative compounds, but I like that there are no artificial flavors or added sugars, and the box comes stamped with a clearly marked expiration date.There are only 10 calories present per serving, but the recommended usage schedule advises consumers to take one sachet twice daily. At $20 per box, it would cost customers $120 a month to consume this resveratrol supplement regularly (because 10 pouches would disappear every 5 days). Since the overall price and perceived value of any item is subjective, the purchase likelihood will vary from person to person, but the potential payoff is exponentially beneficial.If this super fruit solution can combat free radical damage enough to slow or reverse aging, then I’m in! Since it does also contain goji, blueberry, pomegranate, cranberry, açaí, and green tea extracts, I at least feel like I’m consuming a myriad of healthy juices in the process! I’m pleased with the brand and the easy-to-open packaging overall, but I’d probably rather have a single container of the liquid substance rather than multiple single-use pouches. I try to support ♻️ reducing waste however I can, but that’s my only critique of this one!
What a fabulous foot-care product this is! The metallic turquoise coating of this handheld file device is visually attractive, and the ergonomic design gives it a shape that’s extremely easy to grip and comfortably hold. The bottom surface features a whole sea of circular nano-blades that painlessly file away rough and dry skin in an instant, and then the powdered skin particles immediately rinse away with ease! The foot scrubber arrives with a drawstring plastic pouch that’s great for storage between uses, and I would highly recommend this affordable product to all my friends and family. I’m so impressed with this one!
Was looking for something different for cleaning toliet. Easy to use. Good value for the money.
I was looking for something different for the heart burn. Has really good flavors. Good value for the money.
The daily supplements are great to take and hard to miss. They're somewhat larger than normal, and very condensed at that. They're easily the largest pill I have to take as a supplement that is not chewable.
I've been taking Fish oils for years now (on and off), and I consistently come back to this trusted brand. I have bought other brands but for the quantity value, and the packaging (glass bottle), I stay with Carlsons. For me, Fish oil is not a pleasant taste, but this brand has disguised (as much as possible :-) with a lemon flavor, which makes it easier. I think this is my brand for life.
Don't fit my glasses
Nice item.
During allergy season my nose used to get so sore—now it doesn’t.
Work very well with my machine. My old ones developed a 'quirk' where the wire plugged into the unit. Now it works again. The item arrived quickly which was a good thing as I really needed a dependable set of wires at the time. Those who use a tens unit know what I am talking about. The price was super reasonable for 2 sets and they shipped free with prime.
Purchased for my grandkids and they they elderberry syrup year round. They stay pretty healthy too.
Do not buy this! Do not buy this! Do not buy this! The product does not work very well it is overhyped the battery lasts but a few minutes when they say that it lasts almost an hour. It is a piece of junk add hardly worth what they're asking. I would highly consider using something else cuz this is certainly not something you want to spend your money on nor is it even that pleasurable.!
leaves pattern on food tears too easy
Yes I am pleased with these natural glass nail files.  I use them all the time, sometimes a different color.
This double sided brush is decent for dogs- my only issue is that after a few weeks the bristles start coming out- it is not a very durable brush.
Very soft on your face, eye holes are dipped in so the material is not rubbing on your eyelids.Hooks up super easy thru Bluetooth if you want to listen to music while you sleep- main reason I bought these because I always have the TV running which bothers my husband- now he can listen to his music and fall asleep without an issue!
Well who doesn't like a good bath sponge! Lol.Needed new ones for my family and this was a good set at a good price.They are soft and suds up! 🧽🧼
Exactly as shown
This product could be 5 stars if it worked consistently. I don't know if the controller has to be in the perfect position or there has to be no pressure or some pressure on the pad itself, but it will either come on for a few minutes then stop or not start at all. I bought this a little over a year ago and these issues started months ago. Its really aggravating when your in severe pain from a chronic disease and can't get up to make a hot water bottle because it hurts so much. I'm on disability so I'm poor, I buy this thing and then it doesn't work after 6 months. Its really depressing because for the short time it did work it really made a big difference in pain control.
Save your money and buy a roll of bounty paper towels.
I have reviewed before.  I was totally disappointed as this did not work on my glasses - one side or another kept sliding off.
kinda cheap quality and overpriced
Maybe my skin is too dry or too sensitive because I just didn't experience many positive results from 100% Pure's Cocoa Bean Facial Scrub. The scrub is contained in a tube with a screw onoff lid.  Reminds me of toothpaste as it is fairly thick and dispenses rather firm. Does not lather. Contains small cacao 'nibs' for exfoliation. Has a pleasant chocolate scent that is not long lasting.  The scrub is supposed to exfoliate, polish away bumps, flakes and dull spots, calm redness, promote a balanced tone and make skin glow.  The only result I experienced was soft skin.  And I do mean soft.  But there was no glow to my skin, the red patches (dryness + eczema) didn't go away and dull spots remained. Softening my skin was a nice benefit but not enough to warrant continued use of the scrub. I have no plans to purchase use this in the future.
KAIRNE's reusable bamboo cotton rounds  make up remover + metal storage container is such an awesome product and at a ridiculously low price!  The metal container comes in 3 colors: black, blue and green. I have the black and its so pretty.  2 separate lids are included, one goes directly over the cotton pads, the other is for the container itself.  16 bamboo cotton rounds fit in the container . The cotton material is 70% bamboo cotton, 30% regular cotton.  You might think the number of rounds is low. It is not.  They're reusable , durable and hold up incredibly well.  One  bamboo round is equivalent to 100 disposable (regular) cotton pads.  The 16 bamboo rounds are going to last a VERY long time!  Also included (and I find this so  neat and unique!) is a 100% cotton laundry bag. Simply place the dirty  bamboo rounds in the laundry bag, add it to a load of laundry and you've got 16 freshly washed bamboo cotton rounds! How neat is that? You can also hand wash  them as well. (KAIRNE recommends washing the rounds prior to the first use and I did so )The only makeup I wear is eyeliner. I use the bamboo rounds to remove it and to apply toner.  Boy, are they ever soft and do such a great job!I have dry, sensitive skin and have no allergic reaction of any kind with these rounds.I've been using compressed mini facial sponges for my makeup removaltoner application regimen.  I do like the sponges but I far prefer KAIRNE's reusable bamboo rounds and will be using them only  from  now on. I definitely recommend this product. Should you not like it or have a problem, KAIRNE offers a 100% money back replacement guarantee.  This is clearly a company that stands behind its products and values customers!
I love what EvridWear has done here!  3 pouf balls, each with a different exfoliating level: white (light), blue (moderate), dark blue (heavy).  You get to try each pouf  all and choose your favorite. ! I love the white pouf, my husband likes the dark blue.  The variety isn't the only awesome detail.  These poufs are VERY well  made. They're incredibly  strong and durable, with  tight bonding that ensures the pouf won't quickly stretch out or fall apart.  Each does a great job washing exfoliating skin (all skin types!)  and produce a nice lather with soap or body wash.  I have terribly dry, sensitive skin and these poufs do not irritate or scratch my skin in any way.  All 3 are comfortable to use.  They even have small rope so the pouf can be hung up when not in use. The colors are nice as well.  I love the plastic zipper bag the poufs come in.  It serves as an excellent storage bag to hold the poufs until they're used. I was seriously shocked at the price. For as high quality and well made as these poufs are, I would have expected them to cost far more!  There's a pouf for everyone's preference. I just LOVE that EvridWear thought to do the 3 different levels. What a fantastic idea !  EvridWear even offers a 60 day quality guarantee. Your skin is going to look AND feel great  thanks to these poufs! Definitely recommended!
I've had insomnia for 2+ decades.  Its bad enough when it happens at home but it always happens while on vacation in a hotel, even when I'm in a room far from elevators, snack machines, etc.Last week we went to Atlantic City for a few days.  I was lucky enough to get a room away from both the elevators and snackice machines but I knew that wouldn't be enough.  I took a silk sleep mask and the pair of earplugs that came with the masks along and hoped for the best.On the first night, I was exhausted from driving and walking around all daynight, yet I couldn't sleep. Then I remembered I had packed the mask and ear plugs so I climbed out of bed and got them from my bag.  Boy, did the mask make it nice and dark!  The earplugs blessedly gave me total silence as well! I did not fall asleep immediately, but sleep DID come and that RARELY happens for me on vacation.  I usually spend the first one or two nights wide awake. What a nice surprise to actually be able to get a few hours of sleep.The mask darkened the room tremendously. Even the next morning when I woke up to a sunny, bright and cloudless day the room was still dark for me thanks to the mask.  The mask was nice and soft and the mask itself was comfortable. The band that went around my head was very tight and took a bit for me to get used to.  The earplugs did a glorious job of drowning out my husband's horrific snoring.  On the second night, I was able to fall asleep fairly quickly and stayed asleep through the night, thanks to the mask that kept the light out of the room and the earplugs which, by the way, are very comfortable and flexible and soft , that kept the horrific snoring sounds as well as the maid's cart noises from the hallway silent!SO glad I had the mask and earplugs with me. I was actually able to sleep while on vacation and rest and relax thanks to them~
Hilarious!  Great paper too!
I buy these every year for my Halloween parties.  They’re waterproof and easy to evenly apply.  They sit in a galvanized bucket of ice and water all night and stick tight.  Cute.
Love it but wish it had a suction to stick to the shower wall!
I bought one for my 'hearing less ear' and was so impressed because in a crowded store the sound stayed true. So impressed that I took them up on their offer of savings if I bought a 2nd one. It just arrived and I tried them both. WELL...As it turns out my 'bad ear' wasn't the bad one at all! It was my right one. So with volume set on '1' for the left ear and '2' for the right ear, I had GREAT HEARING!!!I had bought a less expensive one from someone else and the moment I had walked into the grocery store, I had to remove it, the buzz noise was overwhelming.But these are the greatest for me! One was really good, two were the greatest for me!
Great moisturizer!  I  look better already :)... usually cheaper on Ebay though.
If you only need a quarter of an inch expansion these probably work okay for anything more they just stretch out
Arrived on time. Strength equipment to others of same strength. Narrow, rimless lens perfect for reading & watching tv at same time.
All ingredients come packaged separately in a nice little clear box. I followed directions exactly and the soup was delicious. I am hoping it will knock this cold I have been fighting for the last week.
Works great
Works great
Perfect for Eli-pens and the orange color stands out when in the bottom of a backpack or a purse or whoever you leave them!!
I wear a women's size 7. The size small slippers were a little big but once I tightened it using the adjustment rope, it was snug on my feet. The interior was soft and felt nice. It was a little uncomfortable walking around in the slippers because of the battery pack at the top of the slippers. You definitely felt the bulky weight. Other than that, the slippers were great. They were non-slip so I didn't have a problem walking around. It got nice and warm when I had it on the highest setting.
Great additive to water
My husband has pollen sensitivity.  We put this on his side of the bed and he can definitely tell the difference in the air quality.
I bought this hoping to increase my fiber intake to help regulate me.  It turns out it's only soluble fiber, which didn't do anything for my purposes.  The product itself is easy to take.  It dissolves fully (after a minute or two) and is completely taste and texture less.  It's easy to take, but it wasn't any use to me.
What can i say,it's a Foot Bucket that doe as it;s supposed to.i do like the fact that the handle folds over to hold  towel.
Works well except in a very large pill (12 - 14mm.)
As advertised
Very handy to keep in purse for emergency
Doesn't stay charged long. Also no instructions for what probe to use for different areas of body
I love everything about this oil, for the scent, & moisturize it does on my skin.
I don’t know what planet you guys are on but this is the worst car cleaner ever it leaves a white residue that’s almost impossible to get off even if you rub it immediately after you put it on. I’m returning it whatever you do do not buy this product
Loved the bags and quick delivery, have already used them and given them to my friends
good for  finger nails but wont cuts toe  nail cutting opening to slim  handles a lot shorter than  shown
Not bad better then my car seat
Too too strong to wear I get a headache and lose balance and eyes need to re-adjust
lid not sealed. when i shake it to clean out, water droplets go everywhere. but the translucence is good; can see through to see volume without having to see the pee.
I have fragile skin that tears with a normal bandaid. Even with being easy to remove, sticks very well.
I love how great it cleans and how wonderful it smells
I had to try this a few times before reviewing.  I have major problems in one of my feet, and it hurts all the time.  This massager is just on the edge of hurting, BUT after using it, my feet feel great for hours.  If you can't stand a very firm massage, this is not for you.  To get the right pressure you really need to move your feet around in it to get where it's comfortable.  It does have different settings, but no real way to adjust the squeezing pressure.
I honestly do not know why I did not realize how small the bag was. Everyone thinks its a lunch bag. It can fit my stethescope and sphyg as well as a few small lightweight things I use at work. Its good quality, but tiny.
I put in my gym bag and take it to yoga, pilates and the gym. It is lightweight, fits perfectly and works like a charm. I like that I dont have to look for the lacrosse ball or the peanut; I always know where they are. Just perfect.
This is my second jar of this wonderful product.  I've had a skin problem with drying and peeling and this vitamin E cream heals my hands up nicely.
Great Product !!
It works ok. The onoff and temp. buttons are in a bad place on the handle  -  I keep pressing them by accident.  My hair is medium length,  the curling action would work better on longer hair.
I found these very challenging to read.  I really have no others to compare them to, but I'm thinking these are hard to read based on my experience and some of the other reviews.  I will be trying another brand.
I use this product every day.
works great - exactly as shown.
for the price, it's good.  One thing though..  depending where I moved it on the kitchen floor (or bathroom floor) it was off consistently by 2 pounds up or down.  Which means it's the floor, not the scale  For example, it would say 128 or 130 but nothing in between and not all over the place. When I was weighed at the doctor office, it was consistent.
So much cheaper than the stores and just as good. Super quick shipping, will buy them again when needed.
They charge quickly and easy to manage in one hand to get a great cut with edges.  The guards are perfect to blend and it's easy to clean.
My husband has issues with a rotators cuff. The pain is widespread. I love being able to put large pads in four spots and getting to all the pain at once. He loves it too!
This really needs a sealing water tight seal! The whitening gel is WAY overprices when baking soda and peroxide work just as well. But, I still recommend this product for the blue light IF one is very careful not to get it wet at all.
Somewhat disappointing. The head is quite small, and not particularly full or fluffy. There is no way to remove the head to wash it and put it back on the instrument. At some point, I will have to hand wash just the head in the sink I guess. Very inconvenient. I would have expected a higher quality product at this price point. I will turn to a janitorial supply resource.
Love this Deco Mesh.  Looks really nice in my wreaths!!
It is still sitting in my bathroom, the instructions are worthless.  All the bottles are marked with the same description.  I will probably just throw it away.
I really like these. They are very comfortable and they work pretty well. I had to break them in half though because they were too big for my ears
I wish I liked the taste better. They are tolerable  and I am not sure how well they work as I have only been taking them a short time
I used the whole bottle and didn't notice any change.
This product is pretty good so far. I don't mind the taste at all. It makes my teeth feel clean after I use it. As far as whitening, we'll see in time!
Did  not help me with shoe slipping
I like these bags. They do clear odors in  enclosed spaces.
The Ingredients of this fish oil is great! It works great for me and I heard it’s great for lower cholesterol.
The paper towels are very soft and the design is simply beautiful. The value of the paper towels are great. And I think these towels can be good decoration for my room.
This toothbrush is small enough for my little puppy. It takes time for him to adjust. But he eventually gets used to it. And I know the importance of cleaning teeth
I add this supplements to my smoothies. And it tastes great! It doesn’t taste artificial and and it’s very easy to be dissolved.
This mct oil powder taste ok. It needs a few days to get used to it but eventually it works ok.
I believe turmeric is so good for your overall health. These capsules include gingers which are also great.
I heard that vitamin v complex is good for health acne. But this one doesn’t work for me. I don’t feel any difference whatsoever.
Pretty soft, and the price is good. But you can still find cheaper alternatives from Costco or other stores
almost the same, well buy more
great price, works as expected
Got  the clay model and I found it very difficult to warm in my small microwave . I’ve got a turntable and this wrap is large and difficult to pack inside. You end up having to fold it over and then it never heats evenly.  Once I did get it warm enough it was awkward to wear because the weight it at the bottom so it ends up pulling downward and  choking you.There is a rather flimsy strip of Velcro that is supposed to hold it together but it looked like an amateur job. I expected this to be much nicer based on reviews I had read.
What can you do when stuff always drips on your shirts?  It looks like an apron .  It certainly beats the movies I've seen where the gentleman tucks the table cloth into his shirt collar. It affords a sense of dignity and looks good.  Take a test drive. I haven't taken it for a spin at the restaurant yet but  I think I might do it.  It's cheap.
My son is almost 9yrs old.  He had been wet EVERY single night since birth. He would often wet through pull-ups.  It was really starting to effect his self-esteem.  Sleep-overs and scout trips were difficult.  We had tried limiting fluids, waking him during night to use bathroom, we had even tried Prescription medication.  We had also tried another "alarm" called the Potty Pager.  It was difficult to use, uncomfortable, and ineffective.We started using this wireless alarm since comfort was a big deal for my son.  It worked in just a few weeks.  When he did wet, it was usually just a few drops and it woke him and he could finish in toilet.  Usually even the sheets were still dry - just put new underwear on and back to bed.  It made the whole process not disruptive at all!  I know it sounds cliche but I wish I had gotten this system a LONG time ago.As product stated, the first few nights my son slept through alarm.  His room is 2 doors down from mine.  I am a fairly light sleeper and it would awaken me, and I would go wake him up.  After just 2-3 times, the alarm would wake him up.
This tool works amazingly.  I am a diabetic & this works perfect to remove all the dried skin that can cause infections on my feet.  The speed is very appropriate.  Easily cleaned.  Speed is very consistent with it being electrical which I prefer.
very thin do not fit well
It was exactly as promoted and displayed:) Recieved as agreed!!:) Easy to order:):)! Exactly what I needed...
No batteries to worry about!
I didn't know I needed metal straws in my life but here I am, using them for every single thing I drink. They're great and easy to clean. Oh and so pretty!
I have worn contacts for 20 years now. Wow! And tried many lense brands from acuvue oasis, air optic, acuvue 2, dailies, freshlook colored (teenage years). You get the picture I have sampled a few.Also with that I have probably tried every solution available. Opti-free, bio true, complete, re-nu. It wasnt until a optometrist  appointment about 6 years ago I was introduced to this stuff. The doctor said I had an "eye allery" and advised I should switch to this cleaner.I do not believe I had said "eye allergy" or needed the prescription medication I took. But I did and bought this while checking out with my medicine. I havent used another brand since. This stuff is great! But needs to be used with care. I have had my fair share of red eye situations...it is painful.In my experience when I have had this happen, it was my own innocence that got me there. This product has a great instruction manual and covers almost everything. What they dont say is if you over fill past the line, the poroxide with bubble out of the top pin hole all over your case. Think of a volcano erupting. The lava running out the top.and down the sides. The same happens if the case is too full.So when you unscrew the case you have essentially coated those fingers in poroxide. And if your like me, those same fingers are used to insert your contacts. So you sre basically putting poroxide onto your contact and into your eye.Make sure to discard the solution in the case as soon as you have removed your contacts. Do not reuse.The product is great and it allows me to wear my acuvue lenses for 2 weeks comfortably. They feel like a fresh pair after every cleaning. I will only use.thid solution for sanitizing my contact lenses.
Worked very well on my dog’s paws! It’s pretty quiet and can’t hurt your pet!
I like the quality and LOVED the price!
EXACT same ingredients, down to the .00X percentage, as Lysol Quaternary. I've given up looking for Lysol Wipes or Lysol Spray and most assuredly Lysol Quaternary during this plague, so I make this up in those continuous spray mist bottles and have a ton leftover. Smells wayyyyy better than the Lysol QC, so from here on out I'll stick with this brand.
I am highly disappointed! I have never taken hair growth vitamins but since doing the BC not once but twice in the last 4 years of going natural i did extensive research looking for hair growth vitamins that contained everyrhing i would need for healthy hair. I heard great things about hairfinity but decided DasGro had everything my hair needs to grow.Now let me say this: i love the product and wanted to wait till i was done with my second bottle before leaving a review...reason for the 2 stars?I never received my second bottle, yet everyday i'm receiving text messages from the carrier, ( will be delivered today) i had yet received it and when it comes to any type of supplement i like to stay consistent. Sadly i had to spend more money and purchase Hairfinity (went to the beauty supply store ) hopefully it works just as good as DasGro..
Cutting back on sugar is a good idea. But some food and drinks simply do not taste good if they are completely sugar free. You need something to add at least a little bit of sweetness to the overall taste without resorting to artificial sweeteners. A product made for the task at hand is Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder.Starting with the nutrition, each four- gram serving of Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder contains three grams of fiber, so this is certainly a plus.  There are 15 calories per serving, which is more than other artificial sweeteners, but still low. The product is vegan and gluten free, too.  I don’t expect much from a nutritional standpoint with any type of sweetener, so this product does rank highly, with the fiber content being its greatest asset.With its other qualities, Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder produces mixed results. It is similar to powdered sugar with its texture. It does tend to clump a little, so if you want it to dissolve with minimum effort you need to sprinkle a small amount into your drink. I didn’t have any problem dissolving it in a cup of hot coffee, but the main problem I had with this is that it doesn’t add much sweetness to your drink. It takes several spoonfuls to make a noticeable difference and if you use this much, the product isn’t going to last long. It is priced somewhat high, too, making the cost per serving a little on the steep side if you use the required amount needed to produce any significant level of sweetness.I encourage anyone to cut back on sugar and if adding an alternative sweetener to your favorite drink will help you achieve your sugar- reduction goal, then Super Organics Agave Inulin Powder is a viable means to achieving said goal. But if you truly want to achieve a sweet taste, then this product is going to fall short because it takes too much of it to reach the required level of sweetness. I usually drink my coffee and tea sugar free, so even a small amount of sweetness works for me. But this product will not be enough for other people, so I am going to give it an average rating overall.
as advertised
This works very well for my mom.
Very comfortable hopefully wont have to use one again but it was a. Great choice bevause you can pump it up to ur contour it inflates around ankle amd shin area !!!!
I can feel the pulsing in my hand I get when I hold moldavite so I can say it's real. It is a small piece great for someone who has never used it before it can be intense. I have a bout a four gram piece I carry around in my pocket. When I added this to the bag I felt light headed from just one extra gram. That is how strong this stone is a little goes a long way.
I held it in the palm of my hand and in less than a minute my entire hand felt tingely. This isdefinayely real moldavite not glass. I have never had that expirance with a stone before. It is small like about one fourth the size of a dime.one of my most powerfully stones even though it is the smallest.
I hats flouride. I go well out of my way to find flouride free products. This is the best one so far. It whitens like a lot of the other tooth pasted can't.  It is travel size but a little goes a long way.
Great after a shower.
Been using this for years then it disappeared from the grocery stores. So happyto have it on my table again.
This does wonders for its size! My bf and I both have extremely bad allergies, especially during season changes. This helped us to get amazing sleep without stuffed noses ever since I got it! It takes about a day to sanitize the air (I have it in an 15x10 room), ALSO my guinea pigs were have allergy problems but after about a week of having this in my room (the guinea pigs cage is in myroom) their allergies cleared up and saved me from a huge pricey vet bill! I'll be buying another soon for my cat room!
Worked well to keep my jewelry together while traveling.
My daughter is petite. The elastic on the top of the anklefoot was too tight for her and seems uncomfortable. The shoes were made well otherwise, but this seems a design flaw that can't be overlooked. We don't put these cute shoes on her because of this.
Item arrived with a crack on wood handle that only got worse with one use.  Now the tool is useless because the handle is broken.  Contacted them and they are simply impossible to work with so after four messages I gave up. Would NOT recommend.
I am picky when it comes to any foods I don't cook myself.With that said, my husband is the type who'd eat anything and don't complain.  Of course, taste is very subjective and I am sure a lot of people will love these.My husband said there was no way he could eat these bars.That says it all.
I like the product but not this shade. Previously I bought fawn and it looks better on my skin tone. This one just looks like glitter once it’s rubbed in. If you have light skin, you may want to pass on this color.
These are very nicely padded, if you are like me and have a skinny arm, then they are loose and do slip down, but I prefer this to the really tight fit that cuts off circulation. I have washed once to check durability, air dry only and they are in great condition. I am happy enough and would buy again.
I just can't seem to wear any other type of nose pads than these self-adhesive soft pads. I have tried at least 5 or 6 other kinds and I always come back to these. They are so much more comfortable on the nose and I have a very small nose bridge. These come in different colors and have been the only ones worth the expense!
I bought this for facial pain and these are a super fit. I use flour sack clothes as a cover for these. They are super soft and the clothes provide a long length to wrap around my head to hold the cold pack in place. I have migraines and these make my life so much better! I'm glad I bought these.
This works. I did find it stretched my pants as it said it would. It doesn't claim to permanently stretch anything so it does exactly what it says. It does loosen your pants for a good days wear. If you wash your pants, they are going to shrink back. I would say my issue with use is being flat lazy. I forget to set it up so I am back to grumbling. Best bet, buy new pants!
Work well and good price
Worth the price. It makes a perfect curls. Kinda beachy waves.  I have a long hair so I just wish it was little bit longer.
Smooths hair
This toilet paper roll will be funny when opened.  But for the size of the roll, I found it to be very expensive.
Wonderful or someone like me who uses them each morning, I have a box in every room in my house. couldn't  live without them on hand.
Best wrap made
LOVE THESE! Perfect for demaplaning and peach fuzz! Add a little glycolic acid afterwards and your skin will be smooth for Weeks!I actually tried a 10 blade which is what they use in a spa, and this worked SO MUCH BETTER
Makes it so much easier for those taking pills several times a day.
I bought this then went to a Pure Romance party and found out you can use it for a lot of things like spraying under your bra line to stay fresh or in shoes. Smells great!
The powder has a very strong green veggie flavor, but that is to be expected with this powder.  I had to cut back to one scoop (serving size is two scoops) as I adjust to the flavor of a less sweet and sugary protein smoothie.  I use unsweetened plain almond milk or coconut milk and frozen fruit to make a smoothie with this powder.  It's a great way to increase veggie consumption every day without tons of added sugar or filler ingredients.
Adhesive is awful. Advertisment would have you believe this is a mesh product. Actually just an uncomfortable piece of plastic. Also, the claim to stop mouth breathing is misleading. I was able to breath normally through the slit opening.
Toilet Cleaning
This is probably my 4th walker.  Because it is lighter than the other walkers I can turn it with one hand. Because of the smaller wheels, it is easy to maneuver it in the house. I would recommend it.  It also folds up easily.
Compared to other offers on Amazon there isn’t any comparison.  These pads are great. They suck up the liquid and makes my life easier.  I tried others and agree they’re like using a paper towel.  Try them you will not be disappointed.
For my condition, the Male Comfort fit  Advantage is Easy to use and easy to empty and clean in the morning.
Easy to use
I have been wanting to buy a Henry mask for a while. Finally, I bought one. It is so well-designed and fits my face nicely! They are breathable as described. Also, they are stylish. The straps are very comfortable and do not aggravate me. I will be buying more of these masks.
I LIKE THE FACT THAT THERE IS A VARIETY OF TEMPERATURES.  IT SMOOTHED MY HAIR OUT VERY QUICKLY.  IT IS SMALL SO IT ISN'T HEAVY AND BULKY.  AND IT IS EASY TO USE WITH EITHER HAND.
I really love this pipe.
This has a great combination of herbs and really makes one feel healthy!
Good dealprice. Does what it was designed to do, can't really elaborate!
My family loves the puffs tissues. The aloe is always great during a cold.
Open this over a sink, washer, or tub.  The powder isn't bagged, and will spill out no matter how careful you are while opening the box.  Poured the powder into an old plastic Oxyclean container with a lid.  Noticed there was no measuring cup or scoop included.  Glad I kept the old Oxyclean one.  Haven't tried the detergent yet, hope it works better than its initial impression left.
It's good, premium, baby oil at a decent price.  What's no to like?
Excellent !! Best microfiber cloth for cleaning eyeglass lens leaving them without streaks!!
When you can't get in the shower and want to feel refreshed or just clean these are really good to have around. Thick enough that you won't easily drive your fingers through the material but thin enough to be usable. Ok scent. Useful cloths.
Little packets resisted tearing open for me. I ended up needing scissors or a knife to easily open these. The flavor was okay. Seemed to help in hydrating the skin something I need a lot of help with. I've had better mix-ins and I've had worse.
Biggest issue I had with these, besides having to replace filters, was the very poor fit around my nose. No matter what I tried I constantly fogged up my glasses which was a huge pain.
I accept we need to wear masks in public. That's fine, I don't mind. I have some breathing issues (COPD) but I don't run around with fake notes from fake government sites trying to get away with not wearing a mask.These seemed like a good idea for five or ten minutes then someone took a closer look. Other styles of these inserts have clips or hooks molded into them so they can easily be attached to the disposable paper style of mask. These inserts lack any means to hold them in place. You're expected to stuff this under your mask and wish or hope it stays in place. It won't, it's going to slide around while your mask goes another way. If you're lucky it won't pop out and fall to the ground.Breathing while wearing a mask isn't fun. You can do it. Doctor's do it with much more restrictive masks for half a day or longer. but this insert. . . you're literally blocking off 50+% of the surface area inside the mask with plastic that blocks air flow. I sat quietly for five minutes trying this mask out, it became uncomfortably warm inside the mask. I started to sweat. When I tried to talk the insert slid about under my mask. I had to take this off. It was horrible. According to one of the product images in the listing This product will:Realive you from the Bellow Problerms• Mask Stick to Lipstick - Did not test, probably works.• Not Breathing Smoothly - This hindered smooth breathing.• Fogging of Glasses - If anything these worsen how badly glasses fog.• Sultry Wearing a Mask - This insulates and blocks airflow. Hot & stuffy.These were and are a terrible idea. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone. . . unless I really didn't like them.
I can't blow out a candle through this mask so they're decent for filtering. They're comfortable on my large head. They stand off my face well so they're comfortable even in the Florida heat for long term wearing. The nose bar blocks off enough air that I can get a fair seal and not too much fogging of my glasses. Plus, I like the black better than white or blue. I've worn several so far and not one has failed. Would recommend.
I like the way this fit on my face. It's stitched so it stands proud of your face so breathing is not too hard. Where some masks sit so close tom your mouth you tend to inhale some of the fabric if you exert yourself. But that was all I really liked. There's no slot for a filter and it's only two ply and worse even though the ear straps stretch fairly well there's not enough elastic and they pull painfully at my ears. You can see in the image how it's pulling my ears forward. I wish this had fit better because I like the design, it looks like an old bandanna and I wore a lot of those camping and hiking.  Women, teens and children will get a good fit out of this but it's not for men with a largish head.
This is not three ply, it's two. It's usable in an emergency, the texture is rough, but really just a novelty gift that will gather dust until it's regifted or thrown away. The printing isn't centered per sheet so it loses some of it fun if it can't be read or the emoji is half missing. Still, as a gag gift it's good for a laugh. Not much else.
I like shower poufs, have used them for decades now. It's rare to find black ones, my favorite color. These are reasonably soft. Softer than some I've bought at the grocery store. They're very big and dense. Almost, but not quite, too big to hold onto. I've nearly dropped one several times but always managed to maintain my grip. I would probably prefer these a bit smaller but since they're in my favorite color I won't complain too much. They hold a lot of soap and build lather well.
I received this product and promptly put it in the refrigerator for twenty four hours or so. I took one out noticing the easy open label on the top. It actually was. The plastic covering peels off with minimal effort and I think just about anyone will be able to twist the top off. . . Unfortunately. I've drank some bad things before. I've even had spoiled beer that had unidentifiable chunks floating in it. This was that bad. It was revolting. Chalky and bitter with a horrible chemical, sour, twang. I had two mouthfuls and I was still tasting this hours later. Yes, I ate and drank other things to try and get rid of the taste but it lingered. Hands down this was the most revolting thing I have ever drank. Tossed the other five bottles in the trash. I do not recommend this product. Unless you don't like someone, a lot.
These were delicious! We love peanut butter flavored anything. I'd even try a soda flavored with it. The bars were slightly small but that kept calories. . . reasonable. Plenty of energy and help me feel full. A little melty in Florida heat so maybe not perfect for summer hiking. Definitely good taste!
The nose area is firmly formed and doesn't fit my face. If I put the mask on with the eye pieces set comfortably on my face then I get a lot of light leakage. If I get the nose section laying flat the eye pads are practically on my eyeballs. I can't blink without my eyelashes annoyingly rubbing against the eye pads. Poorly designed, poorly fitting.
The lidocaine does a decent job stopping pain from irritated skin. The menthol is almost, maybe just strong enough, to actually reach deep enough to the muscles.  The product was also nice on mosquito bites and my parapsoriasis. The only issue I had was it got on a white t-shirt and it's still on that white t-shirt after one wash. Maybe a few more washes and it will fade entirely. I thought about using this to help heal a new tattoo, the lidocaine really intrigued me but the menthol worried me on a raw wound that a fresh tattoo presents.
I had to modify these a little to get them comfortable to use. The plastic around the body come up too far towards the cutting end. I took off around a 14 inch to be able to get the cutters on my nails especially on the corners. That project out of the way the grippy plastic on these made cutting my nails so much easier. I've suffered some nerve and spinal damage this year and that has made gripping the typical smooth chrome clippers completely impossible. These could be a little sharper but beyond that these do what I needed.
I cannot recommend these. The design works well if you have problems with your hands, but the materials don't last. I've purchased these twice. The first lasted pretty long, 1 12 years, then the end of the plastic shaft snapped and it came apart.  I ordered another which lasted only 4 months before breaking at the same location.
Since we are at 6 million deaths as of today precaution prevails these are great for slipping inside of decent paper masks and probably regular ones I don't know but I put them inside of paper masks when I don't feel like messing around with heavier cloth ones for example at the hair stylist. My only complaint is that is actually a compliment, they have a little bit of stickiness to the edges so occasionally you'll peel them off your face but I've yet to break out or had any residue but I find an unobtrusive and living in a building with long hallways, fire doors, and non maskers it's better to be safe than sorry I can recommend
It's not the same I used to use. Scent went from soft and baby powder to almost kind of rank or weird.  I feel like this is the new Coke ... They changed something that wasn't broken.  I won't launder anything in it except bath towels and bathmats now.  Very disappointed as I thought it would give clothes the soft scent that it always gave my daughter's clothes..  I'm just going to stick with tide free and clear even tho I was hoping for a little soft scented aroma therapy on pillowcases and sheets.
Did nothing for me.
Tastes pretty good, but arrived melted and discolored. Also, I did not realize they were fruit flavored.
This is the best product for cleaning the soap from our shower stall. With a wipe of a paper towel it it clean and shiny! I now have a never ending supply!
This brush is not to brush your beard out.  This brush is to apply bear oil and balm. It does that awesomely.  I use it every time now to apply the balm I use, then I comb or use a stiffer bristle brush to do the actual taming of the beard.  Unless you've got the worlds softest beard, (or are using it under your belt) this brush can't comb out your tangles.It does a great job applying the balm to base of the hairs.
The mask was an odd composition and smelled chemically, like old tires. I thought I was getting 3 masks. I got 1.
It’s ok. Not sure it does a lot, but we’ll see.
Drop one tablet in the HE washer, and it it provides plenty of bleach.  No mess.  no fuss.  It is also effective as a cleaning and disinfectant elsewhere int he house.  With liquid bleach being so difficult to find, I highly rate these tablets.
The thing does not work and looked like it had been opened before we revived it.  What a joke this product seems to be.
Used them at band rehearsal.  Wow, the sound was clear but at a reduced volume. So many plugs muffle or modulate the sound to the point where the music is not listenable. So far, these help to reduce the ringing in your ears. They also make a long stem version making it easier to remove. This version in not detectable,  very discrete. Go ahead, protect your ears!
It's awkward to hold and use. Therefore, some shavings don't make it in to the cup. It does a pretty good job. Easy to clean.
These tablets seem to work very well. I have an older washer and sometimes it gets a musty smell after so many uses. It was easy to use these you just dropped the fizzy tablets in and let the washer agitate. Then you stop the washer and let the tablets do their thing for a couple hours. Then you turn it on rinse and you're done. My washer smells a lot better and looked a lot cleaner after using them.
These are nicer than previous used because of the gripper knob. They really exfoliate my skin and make it soft and clean. It was a good buy and came quickly.
Love this product, won't use any other.
Cover fits well and allows me to wear the Phonak under my shirt and protect it from the moisture when I am working and perspiring.  Only thing I don't care for is that cover must be pulled back to insert the charging cord.  But, that's a minor inconvenience.
These seem to be good, simple, inexpensive ear plugs. Nothing fancy here, just the usual. They work well enough and stay in fine. I bought these to wear to a concert in a smallish venue (1000 ppl) for a concert, and the sound system in this venue is always FAR too loud--much more than other venues. These did the trick, blocking enough of the sound to prevent ringing in the ears.
Had to order this for a black toilet
always use them extra soft
The only way to buy them in bulk
Soft, strong tissues.
I have been struggling with intense food intolerances for over ten years. Every month I added more food to the “do not eat list” until I was reduced to stone fruit and broccoli, basically. This removed much of the muscle pain caused by food. Gradually I am regaining some tolerance. I am on my third box. I have some energy again and some hope that things will continue to improve. I tried other forms of DAO, this one works best for me. I pray I can continue to afford it. It is prohibitively expensive.
I have to be careful with these or they give me a terrific headache. Be careful of taking with anything else.
The true test of a disposable fork is using it with a tough cut of steak. These have held up well without any of the prongs breaking off. It is nice to know that they are compostable so these can be added in with the compost pile. Great forks (never thought I’d use those words).
The ingredients in this tend to be difficult to notice as the effects aren't really immediate, but over time they are noticeable and offer a fantastic boost. Cordyceps has many benefits along with Lions Mane. I really enjoy the full assortment in this blend and have made sure it's added to my continuous use list of supplements.
I reeeeally like the goal here. The problem is these are like plastic grocery bags in terms of thickness. You need to be very careful as these year fairly easily. I do like the goal here though and that is why feel the product should still be supported.
I truly like this blend and feel it’s very necessary for the summer months, especially during high pollen (and summer snow aka cottonwood season). I try to start it a couple weeks before high pollen and take like an extended antibiotic for around 30 days. It’s not a product to use year round but you’ll notice if you don’t use it!
I was never able to get proper use out of this product. I had found it included in several protein related recipes and decided to buy it but the recipe didn't list a brand. This was definitely not the right brand. It also leaked all over the bottle.
My definition of 'attractive' may be disputed, but when I say that this is accurate I mean it. The first thing I did after I unboxed the review sample that I received from the manufacturer was to test just how accurate it it. A few notes: I am not going to regurgitate the product description or specs on this page. I will give my impression and highlights that led me to give this five stars. Also, mine shipped with an included tape measure, which was not mentioned in the description at the time of this review. It's actually a high quality one that has an auto-retract mechanism that adds even more value to this set.I test a lot of scales so I have standard weights that are used for calibration, and in this case comparison. My approach is to use different weights, then repeat the weighing. There was no deviation among the results from all tests.In addition I also performed the same tests using a different scale and received the same results. My conclusion is this is accurate per the product description right out of the box.You can switch among pounds, kilograms and stones by pressing a button on the underside of the scale. Plus this is accurate to one decimal place (in .2 increments), so you can see detailed results if you are battling the pounds (or kilos or stones), as well as weigh objects.A few things that I especially like about this scale are the large display, which is a big deal at my age, and the blue lit background. I also like the fact that it will come alive as soon as I step on it and give me the bad or good news after a few second lag, and will go back to sleep shortly after I step off of it.Among the scales that I have tested this one stands out in ease of use, display quality and accuracy. It's heavy and well made, and the fifteen dollar price tag at the time of this review makes it an incredible bargain. If you could see one in person you'd be as impressed as I am.
I really like Persil, but I was expecting a original German product. It doesn't say it in their description, so I don't want to give 1 star, but I wish they would note somewhere that this is not original and is coming somewhere from eastern Europe. I can't even read the information on the package, especially for the fact that the price is expensive and I only paid so much since I expected original german product. I wonder now if it does wash the same way and as clean as the original?
I've had neck pain for years and lived on ibuprofen until I heard about Epsom IT. It works fast. My pain is gone in minutes and it lasts. No overwhelming odor and it isnt greasy.
Does what it says, My only complaint is it is not as accurate as syringe method. If you need exact amounts like I do, find something else.
Recommended by my dentist. Works great. Prevents my gums from bleeding.
This body wash smells wonderful. The foam makes it feel luxurious too.
Not sure why people are dissing this.  I only have one stainless steel appliance, a toaster. And with the trouble I had with that toaster looking awful I am very happy I don't have SS appliances. This toaster I was about to get rid of because the streaks on it drove me mad.  It worked fine and looked like heck.  I remember having seen this at Target back when I didn't own any SS item (except pans which BKF takes care of) and when I went looking for it out of desperation it wasn't there.  I have tried all manner of natural cleaners on that darn toaster, KD Gold which I use everywhere, the all purpose Method cleaners and even Windex.I finally found it at Whole Foods.  Initially was unhappy when I sprayed and just gave a quick wipe.  But then I felt it with my fingers and felt some sort of granules (for want of a better word) I grabbed a washcloth and rubbed it a bit.  Beautiful.I think this is akin to car polish or Jubilee, if you just swipe it you are going to have a mess.  But buff it just a bit and it is gorgeous.  And yes, it stays that way for quite awhile.Taking off one star for the lack of stressing to buff it a bit (directions do say to buff but I think they need to word it stronger)
Best way to try a variety of detergents! Amazon sample box plus credit toward your next detergent buy is smart, thx Amazon!
Quite an advantage when sitting for a prolonged period on hard surfaces.. Not really &#34;soft&#34; but adds a lot of comfort as your weight seems more distributed and hence the &#34;No-Pressure&#34;.  It is very portable and works on many surfaces. My wife sits on it when on a soft sofa and has significantly less lumbar pain. . I have been using 2 different types of the horse-shoe shaped chair cushions (with the sacral cutouts) for about 1 year  and find these to be amazing when sitting for long periods on a wooden chair.. but they are more rigid and do not quite distribute pressure like the purple... To be honest... I put the purple pad on the chair.... then the anatomically shaped butt cushion and together they are the ideal solution. Most comfortable sitting arrangement I have found ever.
Great product and reasonable price for the quality.
Great purchase
Love these. Pads help with pain on knees and hips.
Works great!
This is such a great value, 25 oz.  I have tried other ACV tonics which I liked a lot but this is very different.  I like that it is low carb, 3G per serving. Perfect for keto. This one was very different though, I think because of the fruits juices in the formula.  The flavor is really good although I have to dilute it a little with water because of the ACV strength.  I also like the potential health benefits of the other ingredients too. I will probably buy this again. Very happy with this product.
My 1st. Forearm Crutches...took to 'em like a Duck...water! More sexy than the Arm-Crotch Crutches (ACC). Strong, yet light. Shiny wcomfortable grips. AND, THEY ARRIVED IN 2 DAYS!  A Most Pleasant Shopping Experience, Indeed.
First - these contain soy. Which means I cannot touch them because I'm allergic to soy. The other folks on our hiking trip all tried them instead. Why is soy required???3 out 3 hated the chocolate crisp cereal bars. All agreed they smell ok, but taste awful. There's a bit of a bitter aftertaste and a distinctly chemical type flavor to the sweetness. It wasn't like a diet cola nasty, but bad enough that none of the 3 would eat more than a couple of bites one time. I can't give the remaining bars away.
It's kind of hard to mess up basic dish gloves. These are pretty standard gloves and they perform just as well as any others I've ever used. The center of the palm has slightly textured area to improve your trip on wet dishes. I'm allergic to latex and these did not cause any rash, hives, or redness and itching, so they seem to actually be latex free.
I'm a big fan of generic stuff, including tissues. UNTIL I actually have a cold and then I want the real deal - Kleenex. These are just softer and smoother with no shedding compared to the off brands. Sneezing or just a runny nose means lots of tissues and these do not make your nose sore. This 8 box batch means we can keep them handy in every room.
Meh. Who knows if these really do anything or not. There's no way to tell. My problem is with the fact that cranberry is way down in the middle of the ingredients and thus there's not much of it. I'll pass.
These glasses come in a nice, organized presentation with a case for each one. The frames are much better than you usually see in cheaters. They have solid screws and seem fairly sturdy. Of course, only time will tell if they live up to the first impressions. I love the colors in the set - blue, red and brown. I actually like the blue ones enough that I'm going have the lenses replaced with tinted sun glass lenses.
My husband travels a lot for work, including trans Pacific several times a year. He has tried and tossed out many travel pillows over the years for a variety of reasons. I thought this one might suit him.He doesn't like it. He says it's too thick and too stiff for his tastes. Plus he doesn't like material on the cover. However, all is not lost. I've found an alternative use for it. I'm using it as a support pillow for my right hip. I pulled a muscle last week (trying not to fall out my saddle when my young mare bolted over two jumps) and just sitting upright is excruciating.This is stiff and thick which wait very durable for sitting on. It doesn't give or sag and it returns to it's shape when put up. Since the cover is removable, I can wash it as needed. So....too hard for a neckhead pillow, but just right to support my injured hip.
I bought several of these Sample boxes from Amazon when they were offered and this Suds box was actually my favorite. The samples of the different laundry products &  dishwasher soaps was diverse and I actually found a couple of new things that I will start using regularly in the future. The rebate offered with the purchase of this box was very generous & I now have a much more effective dishwasher pod than before.
The Bounce Free & Gentle is the only dryer sheet I have found that both works and does not leave me with allergic hives. There are a couple of other scent or perfume free dryer sheets on the market, but they either leave your clothes staticky or stiff which defeats the purpose of using the things or you have to use more than one in each load which winds up costing more than the Bounce. These Bounce sheets are also good at pulling dog hair out of your dog bed covers in the dryer and I use them when doing a no-heat cycle for our saddle pads - I've never had a horse show any allergic response. Glad to have these available as a Prime Pantry option - though as of the time of this writing, the 120 count is the better value.
These wipes are nice & thick, they smell good also. An the price is good. I'm going to buy more because I always use wipes. An these are close to Cottonelle & Huggies  wipes. What I really like is that no white fuzz comes off the wipe. Buy these Wipes😊
Adheres and stays put
Makes nails smooth without the use of a dile.
I am not big on apple cider vinegar supplements, but my son likes them. These have a pretty strong vinegar scent when you open the bottle.Like many gummies, there is a lot of glucose to cover up the medicinal tastes, so be aware of that, especially if you are diabetic or pre-diabetic.The taste is pretty good once you chew on them. You don't really notice the vinegar much.As far as helpful, well, not sure there is any way to quantify that. My son says they help with his digestion. I do trust the Solger brand.
Well, I was not happy with this one.A large clipper and small clipper come packaged in a yellow tin. Presentation is about all this set has.There is a nice emery-type file on the back of the clipper. But the reason I do not like them is that they are not sharp, and don't cut the nail. Maybe I received a bad set. If so, they have quality-control issues. But I tried trimming a spot on one of my fingernails. It just chewed on it, never actually cutting it. I had to get out my own clippers and cut that nail shorter than I wanted to just to get rid of the snaggy spot these clippers created.Sorry, I cannot recommend these at any price.
I really don't see the big deal about these glass filers. They look neat, but they just quietly do their job. They come in a case to keep them from scratching other things or being scratched up.While they are listed as buffers, they are more of a nail file.Overall, functional, nice, but just another nail tool.
This was received at a great time, when greatly needed. I took the recommended 3-pill dose, and will see what happens, if anything.Day One - took 3 pills. Nothing.Day Two - took 4 pills.No results.Day Three, Day Four, Day Five.Nothing.So, have to conclude that these don't work for me. Your results may vary.
This supplement has a lot of very good ingredients. The dosage per day is two pills. They don't have a horrible smell, BUT...These are SO BIG!!  I have trouble swallowing pills at all, and the big ones are a struggle, if they even go down.I looked at the ingredients list. Everything is good, but honestly, I'd buy this supplement IF they just put the bottom half of the list in them. The top half can be had in so many multi vitamins that already exist. No need to duplicate those, when it is the bottom of the list I'd be interested in the most. The subsequent pill could then be smaller as well.Overall, not bad, but not worth it for a one-month supply that mostly duplicates a decent multivitamin.
This is not a super strong probiotic in comparison with some brands. But if this is just added to your daily routine as a backup, it is more than adequate.While it is nearly impossible to pinpoint or single out bodily benefits from one supplement, I can say these were reasonably easy to get down (I have trouble swallowing pills, so take them with food). I did not notice any heartburn or taste kickback from these either.The only beefs were that the fresh date was only five months out, and that Amazon put their sticker over the ingredients listamounts.Seems to be a quality supplement.
Well, I've been trying out various protein shakes to try and have something readilyavailable for meal replacements.  Thanks to some mobility problems, I can't get to the refrigeratorwhen I get hungry, so having something available where I am was important.We've tried several flavors of Spiru-tein shakes now.  We got various packets,and got a whole can of the egg nog.  If you like the egg nog that comes in the wax cartonslike a quart of milk during the holidays, then you will like this one.I needed something that would mix well and taste okay with WATER, not milk, as I cannotget to the milk. We tried this one both ways, and I love it both ways!The milk made it taste like a creamy cup of rich eggnog from a carton - definitely not like a diet shake.The water made a very tasty version also - I use a shaker with a blender ball (vs a blender),and very cold water. I shook it like crazy, then let it sit for a minute.  It mixes very easily,and I had no problems at all with the shaker. The result was a super creamy shake, thick enough todrink with a straw if desired. It has a nice nutmeg aftertaste. The color is eggnog yellow (why mentioncolor? Some of Spiru-tein's shakes have some funky colors!), and totally acceptable. It coated the blender cup as well.The only downside, if you can say there is one, is that it uses fructose as a sweetener. I preferstevia myself.  At least it is not aspartame, which would be a deal breaker. It uses only ONE scoopper 8 ounces of liquid, and has 120 calories, 14 grams of protein and 15 grams of carb (making it a littlebit on the high side of the carb). However, it also has choline and inositol in this flavor, which addsto the fat burning potential.I don't drink this to bulk up, rejuvenate after lifting weights, or any of the athletic uses.I am using protein shakes as meal replacements to help shed some weight. So, the relatively lowerprotein (compared to the muscle shakes) suits me just fine.They say this is a holiday edition.  They need to offer it year-round. It is fantastic!A definite favorite in our house, with six thumbs up.We'll definitely buy this one again!
We tried this on the sample size.We mixed it with 2% milk, so that will affect the flavor results, I am sure.We used one of our shakers, not a blender (no need with Spiru-tein mixes unlessyou really want to). The powder is tan, and doesn't smell like cookies in any way.What I DIDN'T like about this flavor was the little bits of cookie. I don't know, butI don't want chunks in a liquid drink! A blizzard has chunks of cookies, but you eat thosewith a spoon. This you drink, so the little cookies chunks are a little weird on the tongue.However, it isn't the worst flavor. I thought there would be more cookie dough flavor, butit is more like melted ice cream with bits of a chocolate chip cookie (not the chip part,but the actual cookie part) mixed in. It adds crunch to the drink.I really did not like having chunks of things that needed to be chewed when I wastrying to drink a liquid shake. I would imagine that you could mix this up and freeze it,and have a very healthy and tasty frozen snack, but we have not tried that.Not the worst tasting mix out there, for sure, and it has a nice load of vitamins.The weird texture mix caused it to lose a star, down to only two. It doesn't taste "bad",but hated the cookies on my tongue.Would I buy it again?  No, I definitely would not.I love Spiru-tein products, but not this flavor.
Quality product.
Works really well.
These are ... OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I like the leather, but that's about all that distinguishes these from other similar products, and frankly, I like some of the other Dr. Scholl's insoles much better in terms of comfort.I tried them in two different pairs of shoes.  Yes, the bottom of the insole is &#34;sticky,&#34; but it's more &#34;tacky&#34; than &#34;sticky,&#34; and I think the purpose is to keep the insole from shifting position.  I had no trouble moving them from one pair to the other.  I first tried them on an older pair of high-end flats that are almost past their expiration date.  Noticed a little more &#34;squishy&#34; feeling, but other than that, nothing.  Moved them to an el cheapo pair of flats with almost no cushioning in the soles.  Again, a slight feeling of &#34;squishiness,&#34; but nothing that I'd say was praise-worthy.For me, then, they're OK.  Nothing great, nothing really wrong with them.  They just didn't make enough of a difference for me to recommend them enthusiastically.  3 stars ...
Much prettier than I expected.  The foil printing is crisp and clear, and the bag is constructed of heavyweight paper -- almost card stock weight.  The tiehandle is a nice quality sheer ribbon the same color as the background (a beigetan).  Everything is strong and well constructed.  Really really nice.  The bag really dresses up a bottle of wine (I used one today to take a bottle of wine to Thanksgiving dinner at a friend's house).
Very disappointed. Would not hold liquid. The opening kept popping open. Woke up two mornings with an empty brush. Would not recommend. Went back to an Oxo brand brush with a screw on dispenser.
These cut fingernails really well. Nice and sharp cuts. The only negative is the nail flyaways. We all know that there are nail cutters out there that have a piece attached that captures the cuttings. This does not. So, expect to have to clean cuttings off the floor.These are high quality fingernail cutters.
I did not like the feeling of these straws on my tongue. They're not perfectly smooth. I'm not going to use these straws.
Great bags...much better quality than most of the plastic bags used at grocery stores.If you want those grocery store style plastic bags, these are the ones to buy. I say spend the extra money for the better quality.
The stool is very easy to assemble. It rolls very easily over either floors or carpets. The cushion is comfy. I read some reviews complaining of its longevity. I hope mine holds up for a long time.
This is the second time am buying this product and it works. I've definitely seen an increase in my supply
We have a cat who needs to take half of a very tiny pill twice a day. This worked great to split the pills in half.
These delightful brittle - do I call them a candy or a cookie - are different and tasty.  Only problem is I want to eat the whole bag at one time.  I prefer the chocolate chip to the other flavors, but I'm sure that's a preference and not a reflection on the product.
This cup mixes powdered drinks well.
Fits great, looks nice and great price!
Update: HAIR LOSS!  Took 6 mos off these to slow loss & I've still not regained lost hair.Update: After nearly a year - I am not losing as much hair.Yes I sleep better but using very good magnesium at bedtime too. Plus melatonin. What concerns me is not knowing what iron, selenium ETC are in here. I contacted company and they said many people take extra minerals to be SURE they get enough. Yikes!
They use intesinal binding fillers - maybe that's why no full label I.E.> ingred's shown. My glands swell, cannot swallow and I lose fingernails if ingest Magnesium Stearate. It is NOT benign.
I had to stop taking it - had reaction like I do when FILLERS are used.
Good valueprice for glass cleaners.
The picture on this is currently, a safety belt. It has nothing to do with these gel padsI wear CPAP full face mask. Somehow, it rubbed a pressure ulcer in the bridge of my nose. It was painful and horrible. I ordered these, put them together to make them thick. I would put anti-bacterial gel on it, cover it with a bandaid, add the gel pads and put my mask on. These were life savers. The ulcer has healed (hopefully putting vitamin e on it will help reduce scarring) and I feel much better about everything. i would not be without these again.....EVER!
These things are great. They are super absorbent. The colors go with nearly everything. If you have a child who can chew through a car tire, these might not work but these will work for many kids who are aggressive chewers.I am quite happy with them and cannot recommend them highly enough but like I said, some autistic kids may through these so I guess you will have to take your chances when ordering but for many kids, they will do the trick. The cloth is soothing to bite, they do not look odd and it will save shirts.
the size said it would fit a size 10 (which i am) but these were to small, they were tight i didn't use them. they were cheaply made Dr. Scholls could have made something more comfortable.
3 months in and it bricked.  Was good while it lasted, but it didn't last.  Avoid.
As my other reviews state, benzoyl peroxide is benzoyl peroxide no matter the brand. This is an absurd deal and will last you years for less than the price of one tube anywhere hands down.
Great price for 3 pill organizers. The compartments snap tightly closed, so it would good to throw in a purse.  It is smaller than many week pill organizers and I like that the days of the week are raised and not printed.  Those that have printed words seem to wear off quickly.  The compartments are large enough to hold the 8 pills that I take, including 2 glucosamine and one metformin that are fairly large.  My other pills are small.  There would be room for a few more.  The length is 5-18&#34;, width 1-38&#34; and height 1&#34;.  It is easy to fill it as all the compartments can be open at once, unlike my round case, where they open a small amount if the other days' spaces are open.
It's fine. I have my preferences over this. This is a nice blend of various collagen sources (bovine, marine, poultry, eggshell) and therefore a wider degree of collagen types (1, 2, 3, 5, 10). Hence the elevated price tag (I don't rate on price, but I will comment that it should be compared to others of this ilk. It is with similar price range). Some sources are more expensive. Some sources don't require as much to be effective. Ie, bovine is cheapest, but needs more, marine is usually most expensive yet needs a lot less. This has a good amount, well fair amount, per serving at about 8 grams of collagen peptides (hydrolyzed- meaning it is broken down to readily absorbable, easily digestible form, and it mixes in hot or cold without gelling).Multi forms can impart a slight smell and flavor. I think the ones that use eggshell tend to have a little extra aroma. May disappear depending on what it is being used in. Or might be noticeable. Not a big fan of it in my plain black unsweetened coffee, but is totally fine in a smoothie, or when I have a coffee that I doctor up with cream and flavor syrup. I dont fault the brand, as it is merely a facet of the composition. I will always used collagen, often single source, but will pepper in multi source as I see fit.This is a perfectly fine product. Though I recommend that they actually include a picture of the nutritional information. We dont need to see half a dozen pictures of people drinking it. Let us know what is in it. Had I been shopping around for it, I would have passed this over for a listing that tells me all that I am getting.Though I am pleased to see this:"If you’re not 100% satisfied with your purchase, we’ll issue you a refund."
Nice natural lavender scent. Does not smell synthetic at all. I have tried a few fragrance options by Kate Naturals. They are all as natural as can be. They smell nice, dont trigger headaches. I love the whiff of fresh smelling lavender (and orange, and peppermint), but they dont linger long, and I have had bottle issues. So far so good on this one, but we'll see. I had to downrate my orange one from 4 to 1 star because the bottle stopped working after a week. I will update here if I experience that with this. I think they make for a very good "before you go" bathroom spray. Also nice for general use, but I find them very effective for that purpose. Also works in a pinch to freshen up clothes, shoe closet, etc.
In short: open reservoir cup makes it easy to add water, keep clean, and to allow dry between uses. Can adjust strength. Slim design makes it easy to maneuver around mouth. Takes up little room. Can be packed up for on the go use. Loud, but similar to my corded tank style.I use water flossers all the time. The best (to me) is a particular name brand that has a tank, and is plugged in. I keep that in my main bathroom that has a plug nearby. Since I rely greatly on water flossing, I wanted to have one in my 1st floor bathroom, which is like the size of a closet, and has no counter, and no plugs. So, I have been tried cordless flossers for use in that bathroom.Here is the thing I find with most of them: the water reservoirs are bulky and are hard to clean. I dont care that they dont hold much water. That is easy enough to deal with, but to have an enclosed cup that really can ever be cleaned out? gross. Then I tried one where there , and that works really well for my needs. That one wins out over this due to one aspect- it is fully cordless. When I saw this Hangsun water flosser I decided to try it--it has appearance of regular plug in, but an open water top that makes me feel better about it drying between uses. I didnt need another flosser, but I wanted to find out more about it and report back in a review.SO, this may be for you if you are (like me) in wanting a CORDLESS* flosser with an open water reservoir. I can easily add more water to it, it is easy to clean, and it dries between uses. Charge has been long lasting, so I like that I dont need to fuss. It is nice for use in no-plug areas. While cordless, I still feel attached, as I need to set the base down. Doubt I would use this in shower. With my other one, I may need to supply my own cup for water, but it can be any size, and I can use it in shower just by cupping my hand.Kinda loud-- similar to my plug in name brand one.I tend to only ever use one head- the slightly curved one. Havent tried the other options, and likely wont.Of the half dozen cordless flossers I have tried (including a name brand cordless), I like this one, and the one I linked to the best. I use them secondary to my plug in.
Chocolatey, but not chocolate milk (I despise chocolate milk). Flavor reminds me of the inside of a 3musketeers candy bar. Liquify that, keep it thick, and that is what it makes me think of. It is really thick, could easily water it down (or use milk of choice), or add to blender with some ice and get something that tastes much like a milk shake (or Frosty, reminds me of a frosty when I do that).Not a "low calorie food, but is within the norm for drinks and powders of this ilk. I love meal replacement drinks over plain protein as the added vitamins, minerals, and fiber make me feel better than protein alone.  I make smoothies and use prefab nutrition drinks like this as a means to get something in my body when I dont feel like eating. I often dont have an appetite until half way through my day, but I will feel some low level hunger, and I know I need something to power me through my physical work day. So a simple smoothie usually works (and allows me to add in other supplements such as collagen, mushroom powder). That being said, at some point I am never quite satisfied with a liquid meal, but still dont want a meal. So I usually add in a few nibbles of something, whether it be fruit, veg, cheese stick, snack bar, etc.Works great as a snack, or even as a "dessert"Sweetened primarily with allulose, and finishes with some sucralose (Splenda!). I dont really have an opinion on either sweetener. I find both are very sweet, without an aftertaste, and I dont have digestive issues from it.Pack of six, 32 ounce bottles which contain 4 (8 ounce) servings (all told same as a pack of 24 bottles at 8 ounces each). I like the option of it having a few servings worth in one big bottle as it cuts down on packaging. But it also reduces my ability to just grab and go. However, they do carry these in other sizes!Price per ounce is very similar to others with blood glucose support in mind.I have to say, I didnt know what to expect. With my first sip, I was impressed with taste, texture, and how there was no odd taste or funny after taste. Really quite pleasing flavor. The extra thick texture makes it versatile. Thick makes it feel like a shake, and triggers belly into thinking there is something in there. But it also allows for it to be watered down some if you want something to sip.I'm impressed, and would recommend this. Of course, take a look at ingredients and decide if it is good for your needs.
Not my first "real silk" sleep mask. In short: Light, breathable, not hot, blocks light, good adjustable fit, super silky, doesn't dehydrate skin, is gentle on skin- no rubbing, dragging. Cozy plush feel. Good stitching, nicely packaged.I rate this primarily on my experience. I dont factor price in. Prices fluctuate, there are coupons, everyone has different budgets, preferences, and so on. You decide if it is worth it. This is actual silk and there is a price tag that goes with it. Not everyone wants a polyester dupe. Not everyone wants low level silk (that feels like polyester). If you have no preference, then there are some lovely low level momme silk options, as well as some nice polyester satin options for fraction of price. This is for those that want actual silk (RIP silkworms).  That being said, I have used a wide variety of eye masks of different materials and styles. Here is my take on this:It feels light and lush. Very soft and silky. I am privvy to the look, feel, performance of various textiles including various silk levels. This is 25 momm and feels like it. I dont question that at all.Silk is nice for any skin, but is particularly gentle on delicate skin or skin easily irritated. It is breathable, and it doesnt dehydrate already dry skin. I notice that my skin is less parched when I use silk versus low end polyester. That is material that is smashed up against my skin for 8 hours each night. I would prefer to not have material that is rough and drags against my skin. Same can be said for pillow cases and my hair. Though I do keep other styles at my bedside, I always come back to silk.  I happened to be in need of another real silk mask because I accidentally washed and dried my trusty silk mask and it shrunk significantly (note to self: hand wash, air dry.).The fit is good for me. Generous size which is nice for my wide face and big nose. Plenty of elastic and the adjustment option allows it to be as loose or snug as I desire. I find that it blocks light from every angle. I normally dont mind a little light to seep through so long as I dont notice while my eyes are closed. But this blocks it all out for me. I had to lift an edge to see if the tv was still on (my hubs will watch tv in bed with sound offcaptions on). I couldnt tell. Come morning, I pushed the mask up a little so as not to accidentally sleep all day.Not hot. Some masks really trap heat. This is breathable. Again, function of the material used. Of course any material can block light. So it comes down to your needs and preferences.Nicely packagedAt time of review, this was $35 with 30% coupon. While I dont rate on price (except for in the rate features section, which I give 3 stars), I will comment that $35 is the ceiling for nearly all 22-25 momme silk eye masks. If you can get it in the 20 something range, then that is reasonable.
Surprisingly neutral tasting considering all the green ingredients, easy to drink flavor. It is designed to be added to a smoothie, not for use as a smoothie itself. But I wanted to get an idea of the overall taste, so I blended 1 TBS with 8 unsweetened almond milk and it really just disappeared- not much flavor, which I find to be a good thing. I really was expecting it to taste awful, lolIt has some erythritol- 4.5 grams per 1 TBS serving. I missed this when looking at the ingredients because it is not listed in the ingredients. Just in the nutrition panel. I could do without it, but it doesnt overpower at all. I find that when products use non sugar sweeteners they go way overboard with the sweetness. This doesnt impart much sweetness or much of any strong flavor.1 TBS has 110 calories, so be mindful of how much you use. Hence why it is best added TO a smoothie (or whatever else you want).I like all the food based ingredients and I "feel good" adding this to my assortment of supplements I add to my daily smoothie. Nice way to boost my nutrition since I have not been consuming as much fresh food as I should (lack of availability, super high prices).I'd get this again 4.5 stars  (5 stars, since I like it more than 4)
How this fits into your life depends on what you need. It still requires some water, and still requires toweling off. It basically replaces the need to have a separate low suds cleansing formula and wash rag or dry cloth. THIS IS Rinse free, but you do need water to start.  Just add a little water to the sheet of fabric, massage for light lather, wipe down body, then towel off. No need to rinse. Keep in mind that the more water that is used, the more the mess from run off.The sheet of fabric is like a soft piece of felt. Size of a large washcloth (9.5" x 9.5"). Don't need much water! It definitely lathers. It isn't a sudsy soap, but that doesn't mean there isn't enough.  Now, if you are expecting loads of foamy bubbles, this does not provide that. It creates a light watery lather. This in no way determines effectiveness of cleaning. Mega lather does not equate better cleaning. I learned that 30 some years ago in home economics that excess lather is a marketing technique (usually through copious amounts of sulphates) to give people impression that more latherbubblessuds = better clean (shampoo, body soaps, toothpaste). But for those that dig the suds, I can get some light bubbles out of it. That being said, it is adequate enough. Not super refreshing, but I do feel clean. Tried it in hair with fair results.This could be cut in half and it would still have plenty of lather. Depending on your situation, this could be premoistened and placed in a ziplock baggie.No discernable aroma. Not sticky, at least not me. I wonder if amount of water used, or thoroughness of toweling off impacts that or not.Personally, I prefer wet body wipes. They never need water nor toweling off. I like those for on the go use (workday, after work out, bird bath at the sink). I would be more apt to use these in a bed bound situation, or no hot water situation, maybe camping.The term "waterless" needs to be taken out from the title headline. That is a traffic directing manipulation, and it helps no one especially if they buy something like this without further looking at the product pictures and description.
Large, engraved, unsealed blond pinewood disc. Natural, earthy, simple. Very appropriate for a dowsing board. I like the graphics on it (butterfly, moon phases, etc). They also have a black option, which appears stunning.Lightweight, but sturdy.. just add your own pendulum.
I like it 3.5 to 4 stars. (I like it more than middle of road 3 rating)I keep a selection of instant coffee on hand for at home and on the go. I sometimes add it to smoothies, sometimes I make a quick iced drink (shaken), sometimes I just want a very quick cup of coffee and the taste of instant can be pleasing to me. More often, I add it to a cup of brewed coffee. Get an extra boost (flavor, caffeine)!  And that is primarily how I drink this. I make myself a cup of dark bold coffee, blend a packet of this in, and enjoy. I like the light vanilla taste, and the sweetness level is on point for me. I dont often sweeten my coffee as I prefer it black, but I do enjoy some sweetened coffee with cream on occasion.Prepared as is? The sweetness level is more pronounced, as is the vanilla. Wish "no sugar added" products that use sugar alternatives would use less. So made alone is a tad much for me. I like that it is super quick and easy to make, can be made with hot or cold water, and is well packaged. I like the added supplements. The amount of collagen peptides is low (3 grams), where my typical scoop of collagen powder always offers 10+ grams per serving.You decide. It uses SUCRALOSE as its sweetener. I have found it used in "keto" products, but I also see many keto products omitting it and using something else. I am not on a strict keto diet, nor any keto diet. I am just reducing my sugar intake, and by doing so I tend to buy things that end up using sucralose. SO FAR, I have not had any issue with weight loss. It is October as I write this, and I have dropped 50 lbs since April, and I haven't tried all that hard. Just dropped sugar laden desserts and have been moving more. Maybe my weight loss would be further along, but I still take down half a pizza every week. But massive calorie reduction from dropping desserts, and using sugar free alternatives.. which happens to include sucralose. I'd like to see less of it used across the board, but in mean time it doesn't seem to be a hinderance to my health and goals.I do not rate on price as we all have different budgets, needs, interests. The price is posted, and not a surprise, so I just focus on my experience and perception of taste, quality, and how it lines up to the product description. THOUGH, I do comment.. and this really is ridiculously priced. I have some good instant coffee products with similar nutrition profile where each pack is in the upper $1 range (and people still freak over price). So for me, this is a bit prohibitive for daily use, but that is just me and my budget.The packaging is cool though. Might make for a nice addition to a food or coffee or keto themed gift basket. Nice looking packets tucked into a tray with a slide on cover. Then it is wrapped in plastic. Has a retail look to it.
I'm sorry to say that my bottle arrives busted, and therefor I couldn't really use it. I sopped up some of the loose liquid and worked it into a stone floor. I knew exactly what I was planning to use this on, so I got straight to it. I just have one spot in my late 30s, early 40s Sears kit home that has an unsealed rough stone floor. I have been wanting to find something that could clean that floor. Nothing ever describes what I have, so I have been reticent to buy anything. So I haven't used anything! When I saw that this product can be used on pavers, bricks, sidewalks, etc I figured that was much closer to what I have in terms of porosity. So here I am with a busted bottle, and just a rags worth of product, and I dab it onto one spot. It really seems promising. This isnt a case of "oh, I can use anything".. and I certainly cant use a power washer. Hm, maybe a steamer.. but yeh, I need a cleaner. This could be it, but I dont have enough to work with. I am highly considering just buying another bottle (but concerned about another broken bottle). Personally, I think the price point is reasonable, hence why I never rate on price. IF I do buy another bottle (currently have one sitting in my cart) I will be back to update.
Pretty good! Helps keep my sanity when I get hungry before my main meal.  I think it makes for a quick snack- either to take care of a sweet tooth need, or just need something to nosh on to take care of hungries before next meal. When I am on the go all day, I often dont eat anything until dinner (Im just not hungry, and copious amounts of coffee andor a smoothie takes care of my need to masticate a meal), but.. sometimes I do get a little hungry. OK, sometimes a lot. lol.  I pack some snack bars just in case, but sometimes I want a better mouth feeldifferent texture than what a dry bar provides. SO give me cheese stick, olives, meat stick.. and now these yam sticks. Of all the other options, these are the easiest for me as they are room temperature stable. Now I can have one of these and maybe a handful of nuts, and I am satisfied enough to hold off until dinner.Has a light, mild taste. I think kids would like this as it isnt as strong as some sweet potatoes. I know some of the flavor is dependent on the type of sweet potatoyam used, and region. That is the extent of my expertise, though haha. The texture is decent. It is a soft with a little bit of chew. Easy to eat. I have another yam product I prefer (about as mild, but little more chew), but I would totally buy these again. If only because I can control myself better. This is 80 calories per stick, where as the other is a bag at 180 per servingbag. Not bad, but I dont always need that much at once (but I cant control myself haha). So different items purchased for different reasons. If you want to get fancy, this would be delightful paired with a slice of turkey or chicken, then maybe a slice of cheese all rolled in a small soft tortilla shell. Or ditch the meat, and add in avocado. Hmm, making myself hungry now.Yammy: https:www.amazon.comdpB08SYBSSN3
I have tried these in a few pairs of shoes, all of which range from 10 to 11 womens, so I chose the sizing option of 10-11.5 women (or 8.5-10) men's. The sizing seems spot on. As with many inserts, there is a guideline on the bottom for trimming to size. I did not find these too wide for the shoe. They are the exact same as other inserts I stacked them against. I literally pulled inserts out from other shoes and put these on top. I took a couple of pics side by side, as trying to show the sameness by putting them on top of each other doesn't show anything.. because they are same size! Excused the um, wear and tear on the used inserts ;)The inserts feel pretty good. Not super cushiony, but I do feel a pleasant energizing tingle when I wear them, especially in the heel. I have high arches, so I appreciate that these dont have a super firm arch. It feels reasonable to me.The inserts do feel breathable and "not stuffy". I really wasn't sure what to expect because the description mentions heat, walking fever.. I have no idea. The brandstore name is EarthingLife, so who knows.. not really my thing. I just want decent inserts, and the price is within range of what I normally pay ($10-17).4 stars.. still early on in wearing these. Been wearing them light duty, but I want to see how they do with a full, physical work week. I will update if I learn more, or fall in love with them, etc..
--Very clingy- truly grabs onto whatever it is being wrapped aroundonto; including itself. Be careful!--The material is thin. I have used other compostable cling wrap, and this is the thinnest I have used.--Comes with a slider cutter that you have to attach to box for use in cutting sheets of wrap.--A little tricky to dispense & cut.  Once I got a piece off the roll, I was able to effectively wrap some food. It was while it is still on the roll and trying to get some off that is slightly problematic for me. Perhaps with more use I will get the hand of it.-- If you can get a whole sheet off, then know that whatever you wrap, this will provide a good seal.I find that the compostable wrap is much more clingy than regular cling wraps, and for that I will likely continue with buying compostable cling wrap. This is about what I expected, and works pretty well. However,  I prefer this brand: https:www.amazon.comdpB08XVSWFZ2(more pricy though).3.5-4 stars
 These really aren't too shabby. The cleaning sheets are as expected--I read through the product description before ordering.  I think I have used something similar in the past as it felt rather intuitive to use. Just add a sheet to water, it instantly dissolves. I think 1 sheet per gallon, give or take. Can be stuffed into a cleaning bottle for a spray solution, or can be added to a bucket. Smells nice, works well. Small pressure zip plastic packaging. Little footprint. Really no waste.I have used it primarily on counter tops and tubs. While it mentions floors and walls, I just use it as a basic cleaner--seems gentle enough. My rag picks up a lot of dirt, so I know it is effective. Current price of $5 for 30 sheets makes this a budget friendly option, especially if looking for something that doesn't take up much space, or plan to use it in a spray bottle. Of course, there are liquid concentrates that would offer same. But hey, I thought it worth pointing out.I really think it is an ok product!Lack of directions is a concern, though. I dont mind information in another language other than English. If I can't figure it out, then using a translator app, I pass my phone over it.  Odd thing is, there aren't any instructions. The most info you get on this product is what you see here on the product page. There is no workable information printed on the package. So I dont down rate because of the info not being in English, I down rate because there simply is no info! I will include a picture of the translated text. But even so, I think nearly anyone couldshould be able to figure this product out."Water-Soluble Cleaning Sheet: Concentrated cleaning sheet will quickly dissolves upon contact with water and is immediately ready for your cleanup job"I DO  like these cleaning sheets. I clean homes for a living, and while I dont always need my own cleaners, I do keep a few in my tool kit. Having the option of mixing something up on the go, and having no added weight or mess to carry around is highly appealing.  I would even tear off half a sheet and add it directly to a toilet. It does dissolve instantly, easily, and smells good and fresh. Not too strong. No need to rinse.lovely product, overall. 4 stars
Bought this more for the scent profile than the "germ fighter" aspect. I saw that it was fine for use around pets when used as directed, which is also why I was keen on getting it. I have 2 labs and 3 cats, so it is important that I use products that are not going to harm them. I like freshening up my carpet, so I figured I would give this a try.For pet owners:  Sprinkle on carpets, wait 15 minutes, vacuum. THEN keep pets off of carpet for an additional 30 minutes after that. I didnt realize that second part is needed until I read the directions. I failed to see that when I was looking at the product description. It is there. So just know to add in the additional time.It smells really good. Very fine particulates. Be sure to follow directions with pets. For added precaution, I am using this in  areas that are well ventilated and not in direct sleeping spots.
For a basic eye mask of this style, it is attractive, budget friendly, and are well made. Blocks out light via not only the outer material but also an internal piece of flannel stitched in. I'm not sure why it has a pocket. Nothing to come out. Perhaps to add your own additional padding or black out material? No idea.Not adjustable, but there is a lot of stretch. How loose or tight this fits depends on your head. I think it would be easy enough to make an adjustment to smaller size with a couple of quick stitches (and I am not one to sew).  I like that it isn't adjustable because usually the adjustable part snags my hair, or I can feel it against my head.However, it being a little large to start is good because I have a large head. My head measures 23.75", this fits me without feeling too snug. Most feel way too snug. But at some point in night I didnt like the feel. Not sure why yet.Material is nice, stitching is good, comfortable when first on. Over course of night I could feel some pressure. I eventually took it off. I think these will be used for the occasional nap or when I need to just rest my eyes. For me, I think the pressure is due to the use of slim elastic AND the opening to that pocket area. I can just feel it at some point. Most all eye masks use slim elastic and what it does (for me) is create pressure across eye area where it pulls on the material through there. But since this isn't too snug feeling, I think it has more to do with that crease where the pocket it. More material to smash against my face.So initially comfortable but then turns uncomfortable. Your experience may vary.Quality overall seems fine. Love the 3 pack. Love the floral design of the ones I selected. It just isn't quite for me, sadly. I'll try it a few more times. If I experience anything else, I will let you know. In the mean time these are just "OK". Hence 3 starsOddly, my favorite sleep mask is one that no one else seems to like, lol. I keep waiting for it to come back so I can buy another, or maybe I will figure out a way to make one for myself. I am linking it in case you too have a big head and are bothered by the pressure of the slim elastic. Or at very least can see what I mean by largewide elastic.https:www.amazon.comdpB07RJQGV61
I have high arches, but have some shoes without any sort of support, and so I find slipping in a support like this can help for long term wearing of super flat shoes. The appeal of these for me is that due to my high arches and the fact that these come with "height adjustment" padded pieces, I can be sure to create a level of fit and support that is good for my feet. These are cut to fit, and have additional padding pieces to make for better adjustment in fit, feel, and support. They fit well in shoes, sneakers, boots.. and do well staying in place. I will consider buying these again.
Overall I am impressed with the effectiveness of these s they are intended. Silky waterproof like material on one side, and soft fleecy material on the other. They are meant for "low flow"-- which I am really only most comfortable with using it for very light days, so please keep that in mind. I always wear a liner for various reasons. I am using these for that purpose. They do not leak, there is no odor that I have notices, and the material is so soft and comfortable. My lady bits like the fleecy feel. When done I toss it in the wash or hand wash depending on what I feel like.While the liners stayed put in a manner that kept me covered,  do notice some shifting. I am larger in size, so underwear is larger.. and it seems that these were quite loose. I think a second button snap right along the first to make more narrow, andor a second set to also help keep it in place. Right now it is one snap, loose fit. It may not be limited to these, this may be the norm? This is my first experience with reusable cloths. I really like the idea, and while I am not ready to fully swap out, I can comfortable using these in place of my daily liner. Or paired with a resuable menstrual cup. But for flow? I am not there yet in terms of confidence.
This will fit large heads. I have a 23.75" head, and this has plenty of stretch and adjustability. It can easily go larger than my head measurements.The soft foam cups are comfortable. The exact fit will vary. I find they block out all the light, and unless I am resting my head in such a way to push on them, there is very little light that will sneak through. I'm a side sleeper.The soft foam cups allow the eyes to breathe, lashes don't get smashed. Eye creams likely stay in place.Although stretchy and adjustable, it is hard for me to find that sweet spot where it isn't too snug that it creates creases come morning, nor too loose that it doesn't fall off, migrate away from my eyes. I found the snug fit worked better as it kept the mask from rotating in the night (and off my eyes), BUT I wake with indents. I can't have that.Other aspect that has troubled me is that sometimes it gets caught in my hair. The spot that has the adjustment hardware is prone to snagging my hair.SO, I go back to my old trust stand by which is a tube of material. It looks like a headband, and it continues to be my most favorite sleep mask of all time. If it rotates, it doesn't matter because it is a tube so I am always covered,  I have been using nightly since I got it 6 months ago.www.amazon.comdpB07RJQGV61This one by Cyraneme is a close second, though. Comfort, quality, adjustability, and the fact that it can actually fit large heads are all positives in my opinion. The rotation and the indents (and hair snag) is variable. Depends on if I can find that sweet spot for fit. I definitely have tried other sleep masks that I never used ever again. This I will use. It is still at my bed side.
Gift worthy set-comes with long back length silicone scrubber, a hand scrubber poof, a shower cap, and a set of hooks. All packed into a small box. Would make for a great stocking stuffer or as part of a themed self care gift.  I may pick up another set for this reason.Everything is of good quality. I am extra impressed with the hand scrubber loofahpoof. It is rather robust. The longer silicone scrubber takes some getting used to. I have really come around to silicone scrubbers, as they just seem more hygienic to me. And even if you dont use bath wash on it (I often soap up my body, then run this over it), it is lovely on the skin. Gentle, but effective. The shower cap is a nice addition. Use it in or out of shower.No problems with this set. I think it is a great bundle of shower items. If I experience anything else, I will be back to update,.
I have been enjoying this little Sonic face cleansing gadget. I haven't any prior experience to these (facial cleansing brushes always seemed to be spinning style, and I didn't not want that style) but I pretty much knew what to expect, and understand how it works. The soft silicone surface is the cleaning brush area, and it is static. Vibration behind it gives action to the silicone bristles and it gently provides cleansing power. There are multiple vibration options with a short press of a button (long press to hold on). Auto memory features remembers your last setting.As with ANY skin cleansing brush, if you have a face full of make up plan to remove it with a cloth first (the idea being that bristles and massage could work it down into pores? Your  experience, school of thought may vary).There is no need to press hard against skin, just let it glide. I use small gentle circles over a wet face slathered in skin cleanser. I don't wear much in make up but I always wear sunscreen and other layers of skin care. I often double cleanse because of this. Usually an oily balm followed by a cream cleanser (I have dry skin). For this, I have been skipping the first cleanse with an oil balm and just using the cream cleanser-- figured for testing purposes to keep it the same for several uses.And no, it doesn't create lather, bubbles.. it isn't a circulating brush. Stationary silicone brush with vibration behind it. But it cleans! I thought, well is it just a hand held soft scrubber? How could it be better than a wash cloth? It is so much better than a wash cloth. And so much more gentle. And more hygienic.Maybe other kinds are better, but I can only tell you my experience and thoughts on THIS "AVJONE Sonic Facial Cleansing Brush"-- and is a budget friendly option too.Maybe it will vary among users, but my skin felt and looked clean. Not only that, but I have been really enjoying the experience of using it. My night time skin care routine in particular is a sacred time. I aim to enjoy it rather than see it as a chore. So I enjoy using more pamper worthy products, tools, hair bands, etc. Me time. And, this has added to my experience. It is.. relaxing. The whether I use the vibration at lowest setting, or highest, it has a calming sensation. I use it on face, neck, and chest.  The recommended time for cleaning is 1 minute, and it will turn off after 3. I go almost the full 3 since I am adding in my neck and chest--and I am taking it slowly. No scrubbing, rubbing, or pressure. Just gentle circles around skin.My cleanser is massaged in, it is moved around a little (the nubs don't move in circles, there is a vibration under them), and then when all done I rinse my face and it looks so.. fresh, bright, clean. I feelsee no traces left behind of sunscreen. The lotion was effectively broken down by this. It is a notable difference from hand washing, or washing with a washcloth.So for me, it works. I AM enjoying this.The small device is comfortable in hand. Easy to use. I like the base that it sits on. There is a small hole for DRAINAGE.  I rinse off the device after each use, but don't dry it off, so I like that it sit up perfectly in this base.I really have come to like and appreciate silicone for use in cleaning my face and body. Seems so much more hygienic.The charger is usb on one end and a magnetic attachment at the device. Mine came charged, and so other than an initial plug-in to make sure it worked, I haven't had to charge it any. I have used it 5 nights now, each night for 2-3 minutes at a time. (debating on whether I canshould use it nightly or not). Charger may feel hot to touch, and is normal. Do NOT charge for more than 24 hours.When I do have to finally get around to charging it, I will just have to lay it on a wash cloth or counter top. The base is not for setting device in while charging. I suppose maybe one day they could redesign the base to include both a drainage hole and a charging portPS. The direction state NOT to use it with clay-based cleansers, silicone-based or granular based cleansers, exfoliating creams or scrubs.Use cream cleansers, oil cleansers, water based cleansers. The usual-- just not something that could damage silicone, andor create too much(combined) friction on face.That's it! I like it. As I use it more, if I experience anything worth sharing, I will be back to update.
I am a big fan of hydrating toners, especially Korean brands. They do not contain drying alcohols nor is it astringent. They are for helping to increase hydration, skin plumpness, gentle toning, and to prepare skin for the next steps.  I tend to apply multiple layers (ala "7 skin" method) adding some to the palm of my hands then patting it on. I do this a few times with several seconds in between. I know when my skin is hydrated enough once the product doesn't seem to soak in any more. Then I follow up with usually a serum and moisturizer (or SPF if using during day).My skin enjoys a whole host of different toners I have used over the years. Most are good enough, some are pretty great, and I was pleasantly surprised that this toner is rather fantastic for my dry, semi sensitive skin. I could tell with first use. I don't often comment on price because our budgets all vary, but I am commenting on this for being a good size, with great ingredients, effective results, and at a reasonable price ($20 is a good price point for this). Even with multiple "layers", it will last quite some time.My skin really did fall in love with it the first time I used it. I had just finished using a skin care line I ultimately wasn't crazy with. I had been skipping my usual dose of hydrating toner, and I felt that my skin was sorely missing the gentle hydration from skipping that as well as exacerbated dryness from a not too moisturizing skin care line. So now I am trying to return to my usual preferred products when this became available. Like I said, I haven't met any toners I didn't like. However, this one I have quickly- like first use- come to love. My skin is like, "ahhhhhh hydration". It feels so good that it doesn't seem like it would need a moisturizer on top-- but please do so you help lock in the hydration.I like it so much, that it absolutely will be repurchased when the time comes. I have a lot of skin care, and every once in awhile I think about what I would want to keep if I could only keep a few items. This is one of them, and I have loved other hydrating toners. I think I am sold on not only the way my skin feels but the medical grade ingredients. Functional skin care.My skin: mid 40s, leans dry, otherwise clear save for some redness & visible veins from Rosacea.------------------------------------------------------How to Use:  Use after washing the face.  Dispense an appropriate amount on a cotton pad at the first  step of skincare and gently wipe skin clean, OR dispense onto the palm and apply on the  face in a gentle tapping motion to promote absorption into skin.“--The moisture-boosting toner tidies up skin texture and increases the absorptionof skincare products to be applied on skin--The fast-penetrating toner provides the double moisturizing effect of Serine and EGF--The fast-penetrating moisturizing toner improves the absorption of skincare products to Consistency be applied in the next step on skin-- Improves skin barrier with the ingredient of EGF developed by Daewoong’s bio technology-- Provides moisture densely to skin with the double moisturizing effect of Serine - - a core ingredient of natural moisturizing factors -- and EGF that improves skin’s water-friendliness--Can be used on sensitive skin by using a formula free of the 26 fragrance allergens designated by the EU
-The best part of this mop and bucket system is the mop handle. It is stainless steel! It is super sturdy, and-It it long enough (49") for me (5'10") to hold comfortably. If you need it shorter, remove one section (and it will be 38").-I can really push into the floor without worry of this pole breaking.-Each section screws on. It comes with two cleaning pads.-The bucket it- as pictures- tall and thin. Does not take up much space in terms of storage. I haven't knocked it over yet, but I am aware that it could due to its tall center. It is a nice change from peeling the pads off and rinsing them by hand.-Micro fiber pads are pretty standard. They work the same as any of my others. Just presses on or peels off. Easily interchangeable.-You can access the interior of the bucket (for in depth cleaning and drying of the bucket, if need be) by popping out the handle. Then the rest can pop out. The bucket is surprisingly sturdy as well. It isn't a cheap feeling system at all.-The swivel mop portion is magnetic, so it will store as one long pole. Also makes it easier to use the bucket as you wont have a mop head impeding quick insertionOverall I am impressed. I am most excited for the metal pole. I am not used to using a bucket, don't feel I need one..  but this is neat to have. Again, I have not knocked it over. It seems to be well balanced. It works as described! I have 2 big labs and lots of sandy soil that gets tracked in with them, so floor sweeping, vacuuming, and washing is a regular chore.
I do not care for the packaging.At first, I thought the cut outs were neat. I like how there is a spot to store the cup, and the access area to the spout is tidy looking.Then it came time to pour product into the cup, and WHOA it comes pouring out. I really need to be on top of turning it off real quick lest I overflow my cup..again. So, in the future I will return to their regular bottles. If I had an empty I would pour this into that.The Dreft laundry detergent itself? LOVE IT. Smells SO GOOD... to me. MmmmmI have been using Dreft products on and off since 2007. I do not have kids, but at some point I ended up with the stain remover spray, which is awesome stuff. Then I would buy the detergent once in awhile, especially for use with my cats and dogs bedding. I hadn't purchased any in a long time,  I think a lot of other gentle products came to market and I simply got away from it (not the stain remover though, still the best for me). Forward to this box of detergent. I really don't recall now what the detergent of the past smells like but I really like the way this smells. It is similar to a few others out there- floral, sweet. You may or may not like it. I like it. It works well with anything I have washed so far. If the scent has changed any, I understand why some would not like it-- sometimes we want what is familiar to use and what has worked.Really not sure why anyone would think this was fake? It is sold by Dreft, not a 3rd party. Go to their page and it is ALL Dreft items. Anyway.. the detergent works as expected. Smells good too! Box.. eh, I could do without that. Use it as a refill if you really want the box style and not have more bottles building up.
These are big softgels, but they are easy to swallow. So smooth. The 60 softgel bottle is a 30 day supply. Just two a day provides 2500 mg of fish oil,  EPA 900 mg, DHA 600 mg, Other Omega-3 Fatty Acids 300 mg. This is a good amount!I have no problem taking this-- swallowing big smooth softgels dont bother me, I get no stomach upset, and not even any fishy tastes. Hint of lemon. I keep it at my desk and have it shortly after my first meal of the day.  I take fish oil for my health, as we all should! More specifically to keep my cholesterol on check. All the other is bonus. I got remiss on taking fish caps. I normally buy liquid as it is usually easier to find the higher amount, and many of the soft gels types that I have tried have been woefully low (like, maybe 10% of this). I was working through some low dosetiny softgels. I really need to get back to taking larger amounts, daily. The Vimerson Health Fish Oil Omega 3 has allowed me to do that. Sometimes I add in my other softgels later in the day, or take a swig of my liquid fish oil (my doctor said I can up to 5000mg daily- so I can double what I take of this, or just use up my other stuff).Some fish caps and liquids can have a fishy aftertasteburp. I am not sure what causes that-- whether it is the formula, or when it is taken. I haven't had that issue with these, but I do take them after I eat in the morning.I included pics of the softgels, the measurement, and even of one in my mouth. I suppose one could pop the soft gels and empty it out onto a spoon, or food. But really, these go down super easy... unlike tablets, capsules and softgels tend to be like that.
Humidifiers save my hair, my skin, my sinus' during our long, cold, dry Northern winters. I tend to use a cool mist humidifier in my bedroom (since I sleep with a husband and two large dogs and it gets really warm in there), and I prefer a warm mist humidifier everywhere else- warm just feels so nice. I sometimes boil water on my stove to help raise the humidity, but since I am not sitting next to the stove, I tend to carry a humidifier around with me from room to room. I have an old Vicks one that still functions, but I like the style of this one as it is easier to clean and set up wherever I am at. Takes up a bit less space.I think I measured it at being 9-10" wide at widest point, and about same in height. I currently use it most often next to me on the couch when I settling down for the evening (eat dinner, watch tv, veg out on couch with dogs). If I am going to be in my home office for long periods of time, i have moved it into there as well. If this continues to be a good one for me, I may just purchase another so I don't have to remember to move it around. I bet my dogs and my cats like it too since we have not been shocking each other as much when we touch.Water capacity is just a half gallon. I can keep it going for several hours on low, and I didn't keep track of how long on high. But low setting is supposed to be 13 hours. I would say that seems accurate. Overall,. I don't mind refilling it as I am not trying to use it for days on end. I actually prefer the slightly smaller capacity because it kinda grosses me out to use water that has been sitting for a long time. SO this is kinda perfect for me. But that is really just a preference thing.You will get greatest increase in humidity by using this in a small space, or if using in a larger space, then sitting next to it so you reap the benefits.One more thing.. It has an option for additives- a medicine cupvapor pad tray. I haven't had to use that yet, fortunately :)I haven't any complaints or concerns at this time. If I experience anything notable, I will be back to update.
I love beets- I'll take them any which way they are available, including powdered. This powder tastes like fresh beets in powdered form. I buy beet powder a couple times a year, and my experience with this so far is that it seems to be of great quality. Easy to add to anything. While I normally do smoothies, I am inclined to start adding it to batters and soups. What a great addition to muffins, pancakes, and breads. If you are into sipping broths and you happen to like the taste of beets, it is nice stirred into a mug of hot homemade broth. MMMIt does impart a beet taste, and it does turn everything pinkred.
I haven't been using this long, so far just once a day. I'm a little confused on dosing. There isn't any information regarding it on packaging other than add 1 scoop to your juice, smoothy or whatever. It says each scoop contains 3 grams of garcinia cambogia extract powder. Is that just weight, or is that the actual amount. Because.. that is 3000 mg of this extract otherwise-- which is higher than some other similar products out there. Maybe the serving size just happens to be larger where as the others are smaller with expectation to use it 2-3 times a day. This lack of clear info is frustrating. Hopefully other reviewers can comment on that.As for how it works. Well, I am not exactly sure what I am looking for it to do and how to measure my experience. I know it has been an ingredient used in weight loss formulations, and I sure could stand to lose several pounds, but I'm not sure about that for reviewing easily. Reading through some potential benefits like better digestion, better concentration, reduced food cravings, loss of appetite, reduced joint pain, improved cholesterol levels,  better mood, etc.. I figure the one I can measure best is the food cravings. I know what my habits are, and I will know if my desire for sugary foods reduces. So if I notice a reduction, then I can attribute it to this. So far, not feeling that, BUT it is early on and I have taken but one serving a day. I will give it a little more time and report back. Your desires for taking this as a supplement may vary from my own. There is no shortage of info on what this fruit is or its purported benefits are, as well as risks (such as do not take if have dementia or Alzheimer's) - so please read up. I know I am still learning.ACTUAL PRODUCT: So I will tell you more about the product itself. It is an 8 ounce bag of  garcinia cambogia extract powder. It is a resealable Mylar bag with a front window so you can see how much is in there. It comes with a small scoop, which is one serving. In my pic it shows the little scoop and the amount dumped into my hand. There are 76 servings in a container. If you plan to use it in liquid, plan to use a shaker cup or your blender. Just stirring it in will not work. I included a pic and you can see all the powder just sitting on top. Strangely, my spoon stayed dry. So that is when I got out the shaker cup and all blended fine with that.The taste is absent to me. Not sure if it supposed to have a noticeable flavor or not. The fruit is tart and I hadn't noticed a tart flavor with this. Maybe my taste buds are off. Seems that it will go well with yogurt, oatmeal, blended into smoothies, added to soups, broths, baked goods. I have been just consuming it with plain water or some organic lemonade in a shaker cup- because like I said, it doesn't mix by just stirring. The powder is fine, and not at all gritty. I'll likely add it into my next smoothy. I haven't tried it blended in with coffee- next time I will do that. I imagine if you like to fill your own capsules that this powder could work for that, but I don't know for sure.Everything about it seems fresh and of quality. I received it in 92019 and it has an expiration date of 32020; 6 months from now.  If I figure out anything else, I will be back to update. 3 stars because I need more time with product. Also I have no idea what the price is, and lack of info is concerning.
I like the mixture of ingredients incorporated into this product. The dose for one capsule seems rather low, so I have been taking two. I tend to have a sensitive stomach when it comes to taking pills. This formulation does not bother my stomach at all. Seems to be very gentle, which helps in compliance in taking these every day. I normally take a shot of ACV in a glass of water, and this is actually so much better. The other ingredients are great additions to help boost the affect of ACV. I seem to be in more control of my appetite lately, and I think that regular use of these pills have contributed to that. EVen so, taking ACV every day is beneficial to health.
Great quality, fair price. I purchased this brand and style over others brands and even amongst the other offerings within Carlson based on price and nutrient content per serving. This one rated best for me.  I began taking about a tablespoon each evening at dinner to help with high cholesterol numbers. Within a few months the next reading was perfect. My health team was impressed and high-fived me. I'll have another reading done in May.Good taste, no fishy burps, and I feel good taking it. I will buy from this company again.
Made well, great value, and shipping was speedy!
These earring hooks are super comfy! They look fantastic and sophisticated, unlike some of the other products. It comes with all the essential wire colors! Highly recommend!
It really works!
These are so convenient and work great!
I left the black pair in a jacket pocket and then washed and dried the jacket. The glasses and the case survived undamaged. ‘Nuff said!
Love the color and beads at the end. I use them to store my jewelry and the bags are durable.
These stuck on extremely well and were very comfortable!
Cute small boxes. The color pops. They came very well packaged so none came in bent.
These are delicious and so flavorful!!  I was expecting a vinegary, hot sauce taste, these are not like that at all, they are great for dipping or adding flavor to anything
 Hotep family. One thing you may have to do when putting this in your shoe is the cut it down a size or two. I had to cut it down three times before I could get it to be just fine. So, take your time cut it slow as you go. Try it in your shoe to see if it fits, if not you have to cut some more. I recommend my friend get a nice pair of shoes to put these in. Thank you for looking at my review. I hope it is helpful for you. If it was, please let me know by simply checking the helpful box below. God bless you. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  Baba Oran Z
I use it on the very first rung. I don't use the two extra pads and it's just fine for me. This is similar to a lot of things that you see on the market and there are a lot of ways to Help your neck , back and your spine. I find this is lightweight easy to use. And less expensive than a lot of the so called pharmaceutical type neck rest. I think this is very good to use in a meditative state for 10 minutes or so. I recommend my friend. Keep pain free till the end. Thank you. God bless you. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
This is much better than just a tub you soak your feet in. This one gives you a foot massage and a foot cleaning at the same time. Feels good like it should. And there is not a lot of water to clean up. Thank you for reading my review. God bless. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
I have not been taking this for long, so I do not know what the long term or the short-term effects are. I guess it is OK. I feel a little smarter. I will let you know how it goes. Thank you for reading my review I hope it was beneficial to you. God bless you and yours. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
Men's Potty Portable Pee Bottle, Portable Urinals for Men, Reusable Male Pee Bottle Camping Toilet Thicken Men's Potty . Nice to have in an emergency. I am putting this in my emergency kit to save for an emergency.  OZ
Easily adjustable, not too tight and changes sizes easily.
 This doesn’t foam up and works well for cleaning carpets.  I like that there are no harsh chemicals, but more so…I’m glad it cleans.  It did a great job on my carpets and I will begin trying it on more things as well!
Nice dose amount of over 400mg of Saw Palmetto with 2.5 Elderberry.  This is a slight blend that the bottle label recommends one a day.  That's easy for me.  The other thing that is nice and easy is the clear bottle.  Now, I can see how much I have left.  Wish every bottle was clear!!!No fillers too and easy to swallow with liquid.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
 This is like protein isolates on steroids. Extra healthy. Extra Protein for muscle fuel.. Plus, joint support and soft tissueAll in a great taste mix.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
 These vitamins help provide some essential vitamins.  They have a good flavor, but they are Not soft.  The packaging is nice.  The gummies don’t come in a nice variety of color.  They look bland.  The vitamins are minimal, but cover the basics.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
Zinc+C+Enchinacea herb = a great boost of immunity!A healthy system is dependent on many things including key ingredients for the body.  Here is what I like about this product...Zinc- helps with cellular metabolism and is required to activate enzymes to support immune functions.C’s — know as L-ascorbic acid, required for the biosynthesis of collagen. Is an antioxidant, and mobilizes other antioxidants in the bodyEnchinacea—also called purple coneflower a very popular herb in the world for treating cold, flu, pain, and inflammationThe hard facts: the human body does Not produce Zinc or C’s.  We do digest this in foods we eat.  However, I’m not always the most healthiest eater.  So, supplements can play a major factor in my body.  In one tablet (hard pill form) I get 889% of C’s, 455% Zinc, and for added protection Enchinacea 600mg.  All of these are in good high dose range.  I’m also sure my body can’t readily absorb all of these amounts,  however taking them I feel as if I will never lack these 3.No side affect from this for me, and I feel it will ward off some common illnesses.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
Used these pom poms for my wives baby shower decor.. They are beautiful.. I will recommend this product
The hubby has high blood pressure and is overweight so in addition to the drugs the dr. has him on to control his blood pressure we've got him taking these apple cider vinegar pills (with dr's permission)  in the hopes that it will help his health situation.  While these are in no way as good as regular gummy bears they are better tasting than drinking apple cider vinegar or taking the pills which he's always had issues with anything in pill form.
It's so quiet you almost forget it on. I have 3 cats and a dog... so I'm sure the house can smell like pets, I walk into the room and it's just so fresh.
no more baggy in your pocket, love that they stack easily for space saving, open easy and nice pictures on them.
yep it's not the broom itself or even sweeping I hate, it's the dust pan!  I absolutely hate trying to wield a broom while bending over to attempt to get the debris into the dust pan - and it never fails I have to continuously move the dust pan to get whatever ended up going underneath it.  This dustpan is awesome!  Its on a long pole (well actually, 2 short poles screwed together), has a large capacity so it holds more debris and actually makes it to the garbage without a lot of it ending up on the floor before you get there.  Very happy with this product.
What’s not to like about lavender? Lasts long and smells amazing
This Heated Hair Straightener Brush is okay. I didn’t like the very small section that the hair should go into to straighten. I have a place in the back that has a little curl, but the rest of my hair is straight. This straightener did not straighten that part of my hair.The box comes with a straightener brush with a power cord. The handle has a power button and two buttons for raising and lowering the temperature. Instructions are included.I will not be recommending this Heated Hair Straightener Brush to family and friends.
This Facial Cleansing Brush works great. I love the way the brush feels on my skin. My face feels so clean after using this brush.The box comes with a facial cleanser with three brushes. One brush is made of nylon wool and can be used daily. Another brush is short nylon and can be used daily. The last brush is for sensitive skin. It is made with silica gel and can be used daily. There is also a USB cord for charging and also a user’s manual.I will be recommending this Facial Cleansing Brush to family and friends.
This AVCOO 4 Channel TENS Unit for Pain Relief is not for me. I got this for upper back pain. The caution part says where my pain is could cause rhythm disturbances which could be lethal.The box comes with a muscle stimulator machine. It has 12 electrode pads. It also comes with cables, a drawstring bag, and instructions.I will not be recommending this AVCOO 4 Channel TENS Unit for Pain Relief to family and friends.
This Safe 'n Easy All Green Cleaner Countertops may have been good but I got an almost empty bottle. The bottle leaked and it is just a mess inside the plastic bag. I was able to read that it could cause severe burns if it gets on the skin, so I will not be opening the plastic bag.The bottle has instructions and if it hadn't leaked I would be able to read it. The bottle does have a sprayer included in the package. I am disappointed that I was unable to use this cleaner.I will not be recommending this Safe 'n Easy All Green Cleaner Countertops to family and friends.
This Sandalwood Essential Oil smells great. I put a little bit of this in my diffuser and my house smells great. It didn't take much for this to spread through my whole house.The pack comes with 3.38 fluid ounces of sandalwood essential oil. It also comes with a dropper.  There are ways to use the essential oil on the side of the bottle.I will be recommending this Sandalwood Essential Oil to family and friends.
This Cordless Auto Curler is horrible. It did not have instructions for how to put my hair into the curler so I watched a video of a similar curler. I put a small piece of my freshly washed, combed hair over the section to curl my hair. I pushed the button to curl my hair, the section that rotates in the middle grabbed my hair but not all of it at once. My hair got caught in the curler and I had to pull it to get my hair out. It damaged my hair.The box comes with a curler, a base, and a power cord. It has vague instructions when it comes to actually put your hair into the curler. It does have instructions on the different settings.I WILL NOT be recommending this Cordless Auto Curler to family, friends, or even enemies
This SUPERSRED 54w USB Red Light Therapy doesn't do anything as far as I can tell. Half the lights do not work. I don't know if that is how it is supposed to be but I doubt it. It does come on, the timer works and the stand is nice. There is instructions for the timer but nothing else.The light comes with a nice stand, it took a little bit to get it to work but it is nice. It also comes with a power cord that has a timer on it. There are 18 places for lights but only half of mine work so I don't know if that is a defect or if that is what it is supposed to do.I will not be recommending this SUPERSRED 54w USB Red Light Therapy to family and friends.
These KAIRNE Reusable Cotton Rounds are great for removing makeup. I have used them twice and they are easy to use. I have not used the enclosed bag to wash them yet.The rounds come in an adorable container for storing your pads. The container comes with two tops one is sort of like a stopper and the other covers it. The pads could be used with a cleanser to wash your face also. I just toss the used pads in the enclosed laundry bag for washing later.I will be recommending these KAIRNE Reusable Cotton Rounds to family and friends.
I saw a commercial for this Silicone Back Scrubber for Shower. I loved the way it lathered up on the commercial. It did not do this for me. I tried both sides. I tried more body wash. I tried rubbing the back scrubber against itself to create the lather. Nothing worked.I loved the feel of the little scrubbers and it may very well be a good exfoliator but that is about all it would be good for. The description for this scrubber said, "Improves vascular blood circulation, helps evenly distribute fat deposits, and release metabolic waste of your skin at the same time". I can't see that this will be effective.I will not be recommending this Silicone Back Scrubber for Shower to friends and family. I will be letting them know that the commercial shows a lot of lather but it did not produce that for me.
The denture bath is nice but it's too small.
This is a set of 10 protein powder packets. The packets can be mixed with water or in a smoothie. The packets are very convenient. You can put them in your gym bag for after your workout, or you could take them to the office for a healthy snack at the end of the day. The packets contain 200 calories and 10 grams of protein. They feature an appealing texture and excellent flavor. These travel packets are an excellent way to ensure you always have a healthy option to help fend off cravings.
SO a couple of things I noticed- I did this on a day where the back half of the house was in full sun and the front was in shade. The windows in the back were super hot and the crystals from this started showing instantly and seemed to come out better. So people with poor results on this might try heating up the window with a blow dryer first or something if it's cold out. The front windows still did decent, just took them some time to dry and the crystals to show up.I can say from experience- don't overdo it all at once on a window! If you do then you'll get runs in your crystals and it detracts from them a bit. So lightly spray the window and let it dry for a bit and once it's dry to touch, decide if you need to follow up with another coat.Pro tip, if you want it to look professional then use a piece of cardboard along the edges as you spray or tape all of your window trim with masking tape before spraying this. Especially around darker window frames. If you have white window frames then it probably wouldn't be an issue. I have dark brown aluminum frame windows and the over spray of this looks kinda junky. It does wipe off though so I just have to find time and go out and wipe the edges down for a cleaner look.Overall I'm truly amazed by the frozen window look these created! I did it for privacy and you can't see past it- it looks great! It's very classy looking.
Very interesting concept to have refill pods you can put into this container. Neat idea and hopefully cuts down on waste!The lotion itself works great! No overpowering scent- which is nice. You don't want heavily scented things on your face- it'll often break it out. The lotion is very moisturizing too! My face feels so soft with this on!Overall this is a great product and an innovative design!
I love this because it has no scent at all and it works very well to clean with! Works great for countertops, floor spills, bathtub, sink- I've used it on many surfaces and it works great on all of them!
These smell great and are great quality! Worked very well, very pleased with this box set!
I absolutely love all of the different scents in this big set!! All really good quality scents and work great in my diffusers! My house smells just amazing with these!
Bottles are mislabeled- they say unscented but it is scented as the listing says. Scent is pretty good. Product works decently at stain removal.
These all smell great and worked well! Very moisturizing and fun to use in the bath! We loved each and every one of them!!
Everything in here is great quality, was very impressed! The resealable herb bags are all pretty good sized pouches and look really nice. The little jars of gems all look amazing. One of the labels was poorly put onto the jar but we managed to pull the label off and fix it. The box the little gem jars is in barely fits them, it's quite a struggle getting them all back jammed in if you pull them out.Overall this is a really cool kit and everything is great quality looks great!
Love this! It smells amazing! Very good quality oil and it made my house smell great when I put it in my diffuser! You definitely have to try this one! The bottle was very well packaged and they put a nice foam protector over the dropper included. They also plastic wrapped the whole box this comes in. Great product all around!
LOVE these bags! They're absolutely beautiful! I'm obsessed with anything holo and had to grab them and I'm glad I did! They're well made resealable bags that are very thick. Could be great for storing candy, snacks, various herbs, little parts, the sky is the limit! You can use a heat thing and seal the top up easily too. These things are just amazing!!
Really good quality, arrived in perfect shape, loved each and every scent in this box! Highly recommend.
Perfect for just about anything. Been using these about 6 months now and they are durable. Used for colloidal silver in the eyes, ears and nose when necessary and never let us down!
This rich organic cream is great for high altitude, dry, and aging faces. It softens and moisturizes all night. My skin is sensitive and often breaks out if I use products that are too heavy. The consistency of this one worried me a little. It didn't soak in all the way. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't one of those that's so greasy you have to wash your pillowcase. It's creamy. It's just a little thicker than I usually use. It turned out fine, though. It worked great.Amazon's packaging didn't work quite as well as usual. It came through the mail in a padded envelope and the product box was smashed. If you wanted to give it as a gift, that might have been a problem. The jar containing the product (inside the box) came through fine though. It was in perfect condition. I didn't care about the box anyway, so that didn't matter.
Works great.  Very easy to use
Nope! Huge nope on this stuff. It smells horrible and the taste is just as bad as the smell. I made the mistake of trying another flavor and it had the same horrible rancid vitamin smell as this one and I can tell you right now, I didn't feel like getting sick from this stuff either. Just stay away from this stuff unless you like the rancid vitamin taste.
Let me just start from the beginning. First, the packaging for this is super cute and totally is what drew me to this energy supplement. The packaging draws you in and the name itself totally makes you want to see what this is. Then you read Cherry Bomb and I was totally intrigued and it sounds like it would be an awesome flavor. This stuff ticked all my boxes on looks and drawing me in.However, when I opened it and smelled what was in this, nope, nope, oh heck to the nope nope. I have to be completely honest, I can't even tell you what it smelled like because it's not something I've ever smelled. Yeah, tells you exactly what it is huh. I know, it's driving me crazy too because it's this strong striking scent that you think you know but then when you think about it, you really have no idea. Then I tried it. Worst mistake ever. It's like battery acid meets stomach bile, except I'd rather drink that. The worst part is while I was very hesitant to even try this after smelling it, I was like I've tried things that smelled horrible, tried it, and honestly it was awesome. However, me being dumb and super thirsty I ended up downing half a bottle before wanting to rip my tongue out. It's messed up because it started out totally fine until you stop drinking and then the smell turns into the taste. My tongue is still mad at me, and I don't blame it. I still have remnants of the smell and then it reminds me of the taste and I spit up a bit. Yeah, it's gross. It's more than gross, seriously don't buy this stuff. And being someone that drinks zero sugar drinks and sugar-free stuff, it's not this being sugar-free.On another note, I wish everything came with the little scoops that Glytch uses. It's a scoop and funnel in one and is totally genius. So at least I got a super awesome scoop out of this horrid stuff.
Now, these are awesome sponges. I had to replace a sponge I had for a while and these have been awesome. I love the two different sides because you have the normal washing sponge part but then the top side is a rough exfoliating side and it works great for those rough areas and getting off all the dead skin that's built up from the winter. I am loving these and they are making my skin feel amazing.
These drawstring bags are awesome and such a great touch for my earrings and other jewelry I make and sell. These are very well made and just look great. So happy with these and the look of them.
These bags are beautiful and perfect for thank you gifts or for my small shop. Such a beautiful touch for anyone that buys from me. These are very well made, thick paper, and can hold a good amount of weight. Very happy with these.
These bags are perfect for anything you need them for. I use them in my shop and add my own stickers and they look awesome and I am able to put so much inside of them. They are awesome and I am very happy with them.
These tissues are great and I love the packaging. They are soft and easy on the nose. Great for the home and in the car.
These are not the best reading glasses that I have had before and I have bought plenty of the cheap dollar store glasses. These do seem to be well made but they are pretty small for me and don't fit the face very well. I tried to bend them and give them a bit of shape but it doesn't seem to help them fit better or even feel comfortable. However, they do the job for reading at the computer and other things. Plus you get three pairs for the price, just in case you loose one pair you have two others. Overall, they are okay and will work for anyone in a pinch or just needing some cheap glasses that they don't mind something happening to.
I really like the Saturix 11x16 Prep & Spill Pads, as they lay on a surface very flat. I have tried household basics like paper towels, cotton shop towels and brown paper rolls but they all have a flaw that makes then difficult to use. When I am working with products, like prepping a model for a very clean mold, I cannot introduce lint, as I would with cotton towels. I have to be aware of chemical compatibilities, and paper towels usually contain clay for extra absorbancy and make dust. Brown paper slides on the surface, and does not always help with all spills. I felt like I had to choose the lesser of evils. These pads are exactly what I have been looking for, but simply did not know what they were called. I like the  polyethylene backing, which can hold up against mild solvents like isopropyl alcohol. I appreciate the company also features domestic contact information on the package. This is a good sign that customer service for questions and issues are more likely to be addressed. I hope my experience is helpful as you kindly will click the button below.
My skin is sentive skin . After use this facial brush I feel It's very harsh for my skin.
Skin feels very soft, the vibration is very relaxing!
I've been actively using this product for now and I’ll probably never stop. it's just THAT good eyebrow and facial hair trimmer. painless hair remover is simple to use: remove the cap, slide the switch on and gently press the head of the unit flat against your skin. Continue making small circular motions to remove any unwanted hair. Best part, it DOES NOT hurt and does a great job removing the hair quickly.
Wow I like the colors and quality is good !!
I like this water. It has a good flavor, and I like that it isn't overly sweet. I find it very refreshing over ice.
My recent blood work shows that this is working. It is keeping my D levels where they are supposed to be. I recommend these.
This is a great little device. I put it in our downstairs bathroom, where we have our cat litter box. It really helps to control the odor in there. It smells much cleaner, and fresher, since I put the device in. It is really easy to use. Just plug it in and turn it on. This device is really useful for a small space, like our bathroom. I don't think it would work in a large room. I do recommend it.
Very cool it comes with 4 thooth bushes so you can share and they are numbered so they wont get mixed up with your kids toothbush either. My theeth feel nice and shiny clean after I bush with this bush.
It was the business lol no but really it was very easy to use and comfortable.
This did a good job with my hair. It worked as it was supposed to. It seemed like it was good quality. My hair came out looking nice after I used it. It also seemed durable. It was easy to hold and handle. I was pleased and would recommend it.
These cleaning gloves worked fine. I like that they were so big because they covered a lot of my hands. I had been using disposable and they always broke, so it is nice to have something that stays nice. They seemed pretty durable and strong. I plan to use them again and again. I was pleased with quality. I would recommend them.
These balloons looked very nice. It really looked great. It seemed professional and not like a DIY. It wasn’t too hard to do. My kids love balloons so they thought this was nice. The special balloons are neat.This party kit was very nice. It is so nice to get all of these coordinating items. There is so much to it. It really looks good together. It is also a good value to get everything together instead of going to the party store and needing to buy everything individually. It is easier, more convenient and cheaper.We were pleased with the quality. It didn’t take too long to set up. Everything went up okay. My kids liked it. I thought it was very cute and very festive. I would recommend it.
Looking at the bristles of the JSK Replacement Toothbrush Heads, they look similar to the Philips Sonicare HX902365 but be aware that these replacement heads do not have the RF chips that the higher-priced Sonicare brushes require.  The bristles are described as soft and because I actually prefer medium brushes, these were a little bit soft for me.The packaging is nice and simple.  It's a simple cardboard box that contains the brush heads in their own individual plastic wrappers that are easy to open.  No blister packs to deal with.If you own a basic Sonicare brush, this is a solid replacement that you wouldn't try to use for longer than recommended because of how much the originals cost.
Perfect as an addition to a raffle basket with a Sleep theme
Bought as a gift for my husband. He loves them
 Eerily lifelike!This is by far one of the best if not the best male masturbation toys I've ever used. Three different experiences in one!Pros:-Soft material-Variety of experiences-Finger groves for more grip-Easy to clean-Pleasure grooves and nubsCons:None at this time.Seriously this is an awesome toy! The material is so soft and lifelike.I was selected to review this item at a discount. My reviews are based on personal use, quality and performance and are never manipulated or altered in any way.
If you’re not comfortable using gloves when handling clay and other artist’s materials, these are great! Made of silicone, this set comes in 3 sizes. The small fits my pinky, the medium fits my index finger and the large is for my thumb. They have little dot nubs on them but you can turn them inside out for a completely smooth surface. Reusable, washable so it’s eco friendly. Comes in 4 sets of small, medium and large (12 total).
I enjoy using them when I can. They leave white marks...but once it gets the job done I’m happy to wash the marks away 😁
My blepharitis was making me crazy. These are easy to use and work like they say.
Very nice gloves that protect from hot dishwater and soap. I normally wear a small and these are mediums, but still fit well.
I do a lot of cooking and have a commercial grade stove. This cleaned up my greasy spatter in a heartbeat. You can use it full strength for really bad messes or diluted half and half with water for everyday cleaning.  The even include a spray bottle and a squeeze top for the big bottles so that it is easier to pour.
Perfect for my project!
I absolutely love,love,love this brand of oils! I have ordered four and I am never dissapointed! I put them in the diffuser and my house smells amazing! I like them so much, I ordered my mom some! I love the orange smell! It is energizing and wakes me up in the morning! I love to mix orange and peppermint from this brand,it is absolutely delightful! I highly recommend and I would definetly buy again! I also love that it is certified organic! It is also very reasonably priced!
I absolutely love,love,love this high quality oil! I put it in my diffuser and the house smelled great! I love the fact it is certified organic,so I know my kids are not inhaling nasty chemicals or GMO's! I received this for a discount in exchange for an honest review. After I review this I am going to see what other scents they have available! I have tried a lot of oils and this is the best I have ever tried! I would give it 10 stars if I could! I highly recommend and I would definetly buy again!
There is no way to thread the electric of a mask. Even following the directions on the site.
Is what I was looking for.
Recieved on time, exactly what I needed
I often like to accentuate colognes with essential oils and this is a perfect essential oil blend for the summer.I’ve found this blends perfectly with Spice Bomb as it has citrus notes already.The applicator makes putting the appropriate amount of this oil on easy.  I just add a bit to my wrists and neck prior to spraying my cologne.I’ve really enjoyed this essential oil blend and definitely recommend it.Thanks for reading my review.  I enjoy writing them as I value reading other’s reviews when I’m making a buying decision.  I regularly update my reviews to reflect any changes I may discover and to include helpful tips you may need if you purchase the product.  I will always make every effort to answer any questions I can as it is my pleasure to help.
Nearly every time I’ve ever purchased rubber  gloves they have either been far too big or too small - the ones in this set absolutely could not fit any better!From the fit in the fingers to across the palm and back of the hand to up the arm - these gloves are exactly the right size for me.There are 4 pairs of gloves in this set!  Two sets of gloves that are unlined that feel just like a second skin - providing the ultimate in dexterity while still protecting your hands.  And the other two pairs of gloves are flocked with a cotton liner making them not only easier to get on and take off but softer and providing some protection from hot dish water.On both types of gloves, the tips of the fingers are reinforced giving extra durability yet still allowing for excellent dexterity and range of motion.  The texture on the palm and finger pads aides in being able to grip and hold anything you are working on without any issue.The forearm protection 6.5”  giving the ability to reach down into liquids without the liquid flooding the glove - the total length of the glove is 12.6”.These gloves are constructed from PVC (Polyvinyl Chloride) and are thus Latex free making them excellent for those with a Latex allergy.I have really put these gloves to the test with the unlined gloves I have worked outside, scrubbing metal cabinets with wire brushes and chemicals and have yet to wear through a single pair!  I have used the lined gloves as I’ve cleaned my grill and scoured countless dirty pans.These are the best rubber gloves I have ever seen.  I definitely recommend these to those looking for excellent, long lasting rubber gloves to protect your hands!  This is an outstanding buy!
Nearly every time I’ve ever purchased rubber  gloves they have either been far too big or too small - the ones in this set absolutely could not fit any better!From the fit in the fingers to across the palm and back of the hand to up the arm - these gloves are exactly the right size for me.There are 2 pairs of gloves in this set.  A set of gloves that are unlined that feel just like a second skin - providing the ultimate in dexterity while still protecting your hands.  The other is a pair of gloves that is flocked with a cotton liner making them not only easier to get on and take off but softer and providing some protection from hot dish water.On both the tips of the fingers are reinforced giving extra durability yet still allowing for excellent dexterity and range of motion.  The texture on the palm and finger pads aides in being able to grip and hold anything you are working on without any issue.The forearm protection 6.5”  giving the ability to reach down into liquids without the liquid flooding the glove - the total length of the glove is 12.6”.These gloves are constructed from PVC (Polyvinyl Chloride) and are thus Latex free making them excellent for those with a Latex allergy.I have really put these gloves to the test with the unlined gloves I have worked outside, scrubbing metal cabinets with wire brushes and chemicals and have yet to wear through a single pair!  I have used the lined gloves as I’ve cleaned my grill and scoured countless dirty pans.These are the best rubber gloves I have ever seen.  I definitely recommend these to those looking for something to protect your hands!  This is a great buy!
This supplement is utilizes a blend of ingredients that increase energy and increase alertness.What’s in it:Thiamin: Vitamin B1, thiamin, or thiamine, enables the body to use carbohydrates as energy. It is essential for glucose metabolism, and it plays a key role in nerve, muscle, and heart function.Riboflavin: Vitamin B2 is a water-soluble vitamin that is flushed out of the body daily. It helps the body break down carbohydrates, proteins and fats to produce energy, and it allows oxygen to be used by the body.Niacinamide: a form of vitamin B3, an essential nutrient that supports many cellular processesIt uses an enormous dose of B12 and B6.B6: one of the B vitamins that benefits the central nervous system. It is involved in producing the neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine, and in forming myelin.B12: may benefit your body in impressive ways, such as by boosting your energy, improving your memory and helping prevent heart disease.The proprietary blend contains about the amount of caffeine as the average cup of coffee.Guarana Seed Extract is used for weight loss, to enhance athletic performance, as a stimulant, and to reduce mental and physical fatigue. It is a frequent addition to energy and weight loss products.L-Tyrosine may improve mood and cognitive and physical performance.Eleuthero Root Extract: Eleuthero is also commonly called Siberian ginseng.  Often used to boost energy, metabolism, and physical performance.I found this supplement to be very effective. In my experience I would not recommend taking it within 10 hours of bedtime.  Based on the enormous dose of several of the B vitamins I wouldn’t recommend taking this supplement regularly but as an occasional supplement it definitely works.⭐️As with all Drew’s Reviews, if I discover something new about this product - good or bad - I will UPDATE my review.  I believe in creating detailed, complete reviews because, like you, I depend on them when I am shopping.  If you found my review HELPFUL - please click ⬇️ below!⭐️
After this review the company revised their instructions so they are larger, and easy to follow.  This is a great improvement in being able to use this product correctly.  I did wear this but still found that after one hour or so, the straps loosened so I had to keep adjusting them.  Also the strap that goes under one’s armpit started to hurt.  I asked several friends of varying heights and weights, to try this product and they had similar feedback re: discomfort under the armpit when wearing it for more than 15 minutes.  I really like the idea, but perhaps consider narrowing the part that goes under the arm pit and widening the part that goes on top of the shoulder... Not easy to do as there are so many varying sizes of people.  The posture corrector is useful when sitting and working on the computer, or doing something at one’s desk.
This gave me a swollen eye and ridiculous lashes that curled on themselves all the way back to my eyelid.The sticky rods TORE MY SKIN OPEN. There was a little piece of my skin stuck to the rod, and a hole on my eyelid. Wtf. Removing the super sticky rods caused my lids to bruise all along the lashline.Then my eye swelled up either because of the trauma, or because of product getting into the wound. Either way, bad news.Eyes are delicate, don't mess with this.No ingredients listed, no brand to complain to. This is imported from China with no consumer safety guarantees.
This product is fine so long as it's used properly. Obviously this is my fault for not being extra careful. Mixed up my regular solution with this bottle and lord well you can see what happened. Yes it says on the label not to put in eye like that but the packages I think needs to change as it looks to much like normal solution. After research I've seen this has happened to others as well. I just wanted to warn people about being extra extra careful.
got it yesterday and worked less then 30 sec. started shorting in first try. returning today.
I purchased these for the Charcoal bristle brushes, I received the package, there are white bristle brushes and Charcoal bristle brushes in the package, they all have different letters but they don't tell you if the letters stand for the different softness levels of the brushes or what they represent. The brushes loose their bristles after about the first 10 brushes so they're definitely disposable. I am keeping them for guests to use but not what I was hoping for.
Easy to take and a very non-offensive taste. The product is in a glass amber bottle and has a rubber squeezy. I take daily for hair growth and internal ligament protection.
Awesome quality! I add to smoothies and it blends without clumping. Smells and looks fresh. After unpacking, I noticed the inner seal had come undone just a little causing some product to poof out. I didn’t detect any off-scent though.
These pouches are awesome to travel with. A pouch lasts a week! Not the end all be all lotion but pretty hydrating. Smells nice and absorbs into skin quickly. The top cap secures on tight so you can toss this in your bag without fear of leaking. Cool concept. I’m happy to have these.
I’ve used this for a month now. The wood has stayed fine in my shower with no peeling or warping. No bristles have fallen out. My problem is that the bristles are SUPER HARD AND SCRATCHY! Like, serious ouchie. And they haven’t softened with a month of daily use. Also, the plastic side is worthless. And that’s the only part that has discolored. I can’t really recommend, so order with caution!
I’ve taken milk thistle for several years to protect my liver against the daily damage I do to it with alcohol, ibuprofen and whatever else hurts it!! This product is as good as it gets. Very high concentration, super clean smelling. 120 capsules per bottle = excellent value. I take nightly. My last blood screens came back in normal range, doc said all looks great. I believe in the power of this!
First time I’ve ever taken a tablet vs capsule and I really like it! Easy to swallow and provides 700 mg turmerictablet. The tablets are much smaller than a penny and fit inside my pill box neatly. They do smell like what they are! Which I like and makes me think they are fresh and active. That said, even though they smell spicy, my tummy has never had an issue with them. 240 in each bottle makes this an excellent value! I love turmeric and the pain free life it allows me to live!
These are super heavy and thick. The grosgrain ribbon is a really ugly brown color in relation to the gold letters and the stark white bag. Also, you need to insert ribbon handles into holes yourself. The tips of handles are reinforced with plastic so it apppears they won’t slip out. I wish the manufacturer would have just assembled everything. The bottom of the bag also is reinforced. All the folds are super clean.
Very heavy and thick thank you bags. They have crisp, clean folds and a reinforced bottom. I’m confused as to WHY the handles aren’t put in for you. The handles are almost like a grosgrain ribbon. They have plastic at the tip. You’ll need to push the tip thru both holes then cross your fingers that they hold up after something heavy is in bag. Though it seems like plastic tip is enough for them not to slip thru.
I gave this NAC 5 stars because it’s easy to swallow, it doesn’t upset my stomach and it’s the 1st NAC I’ve taken that doesn’t smell like stinky rotten eggs upon opening the bottle every day. There still is a subtle smell but totally bearable.
The dosage is 6 pills twice a day. Not a very good value. Smells fine, tastes fine, just too big a dose to get benefits! I prefer a once daily tablet.
Initially the vanilla flavor is a little jarring and astringent. Maybe tastes a bit on the phony side. But I got used to it and now it's nice to have little sweetness in my coffee. The portion in each of these pouches is perfect. And each one has 7g of MCT's in it. 80 calories, 7 g fat, 4 g carbs and 4 g sugar alcohols which cancel the carbs out. Must be working because I haven't got put of ketosis after using (keto test strip wurine)  and have lost 8 lbs. That's rad!!
Great line up with this combo-travel pack. Everything can easily slip into bag so you can have freshy fresh breath on the go. This is an interesting taste. I taste clove and mint. All 4 kids use it without complaint too and we all agree it makes our mouths feel super clean.
I love Swanson products and this is a mainstay in our home for things like Poison Ivy prevention or treatment, certain pain, etc. ( do a search on Rhus Tox and what it is all for)
My husband is 71 and this really helps him with prostate issues. He always lets me know when to re-order.
I bought this for my husband and he raved about it! Uses it every day.
My kids have gotten really into bath bombs with toys inside, so we parents decided to try some non-toy versions for us too! These are great, the fizz is exactly what we expected, it creates a very pleasing smell and feel to the water, and your skin definitely feels softer and moisturized as a result as well. I really like these and highly recommend them!
I've been using disposable gloves to clean with lysol and other corrosive chemicals in our bathrooms and kitchens. It is a waste to keep throwing them away not to mention they often rip mid-job. These are great- nice and thick, and I love that they are reusable so I don't have to keep throwing away and buying more. I did notice that some grime from my oven seems to have discolored the white one a bit in a way that doesn't just wash off, but I suppose that's to be expected from a white latex glove. Eventually I'll throw that one away after a few more uses, and that's why it is great that there are multiple sets in this pack!
they're pretty but don't really affect the smoking experience. the only time you taste it is if you lick it directly
Very cute , serves its purpose. Can easily replace little container and continue using the floral box or repurpose the little box. Everything in n it matches and the mirror is adequate.
These bamboo toothbrushes are nice for the price. This multipack includes both adults and children’s sizes in different color bristles.There is nothing extraordinary about these, however the price is good and they are 💯 biodegradable which is better for the environment.They work just as a toothbrush should. The firmness of the bristles feel medium, not too soft.. yet not too hard.
I have been taking the Etana Immune Blend supplement and I like it. It contains the key ingredients to help protect my immune system. These capsules are standard size and easy to swallow. Also, there is no bad taste or aftertaste. We’ll see how it holds up as America reopens from the pandemic!
I have been taking this liquid vitamin daily and at first the taste is not great at all. You eventually get used to the taste after a few days. I have already noticed an increase in my energy level since taking this!
This heating pad is so nice! The pad size is big enough to cover my entire back! My wife and I both suffer from back and neck issues, so this product is a lifesaver! I love how soft the pad is, it feels like a soft blanket. I also love the extra long cord. You can also control the temperature and how long you want it to stay on with the controller attached to the cord which is awesome! It heats up in a minute or 2! Very nice quality heating pad!
This collagen protein powder is so nice! My wife mixed in with her coffee and barely noticed a taste from it! It dissolves perfectly too! No lumps! If you sniff the container upon opening you notice a slight smell to it, but it’s light and not overpowering. This stuff is great!
Yum!! This tastes so good in your coffee mixed with a hint of chocolate... Just like an Almond Joy candy bar!! I only docked 1 star because it’s a bit pricey for such a small bag. Tastes good though!
I have been taking this pill for a few days and they are easy to swallow. The instructions say to take with a meal, so I have been taking them with my lunch. The smell is a bit unpleasant at first, but you get used to it after a few days. Haven’t noticed any changes yet, but I am sure that will come within time. You can’t go wrong with the price compared to other probiotics!!
Didn’t seem to do anything-  the stretch was good - no pain relief - no cooling like other lidocaine products
VERY soothing.  I get that awful tickly dry cough a lot during allergy season, especially 5 minutes after lying down to sleep, and this actually quiets it down with zero side effects.  I just wish it came in a purse-size.
Bitter, bitter, bitter... I still drank it in different ways, hot, cold, in different rooms, lol.  I did not receive a relaxed feeling. I do not foresee me purchasing this product again.
I've been taking turmeric curcumin for a couple months now for inflammation from arthritis. I just don't know what to expect so I don't know how well it is working. What I do know is that this product has the right formula with the 95% curcuminoids and the price was better than others. I'm giving it six months to see if I feel an appreciable difference in my joint pain.I don't want to give them a bad rating when I 'm not sure if it's working yet.
I have sensitive skin and use this to spot treat dry areas. During colder months, I apply all over face and neck before bed and my skin looks amazing in the morning!
Everyone in the family likes this blend a lot. But it's not what I consider a ice cream shop smell. My husband and I agreed we would describe it as a muted watermelon jolly rancher mixed with a sweet strawberry cream. It's pretty strong too. 5 out of 5 stars on the throw. If you're into the fruit blends, this one is definitely trying recommend.
These were very easy to fill and look great hang among the other balloon decor. The black color really helped the numbers stick out, so I'm glad I went with this set. They've stayed filled for a couple days now when they're working out fantastically Our son was very happy and said they were his favorite part of all the decorations.
My 7yo loves this mask! Her room faces east; so even with double curtains, the sun still peaks in most mornings. Since she's had this mask, she's enjoying sleeping in! Not to mention, it's adorable. We'd both recommend it!!!
These glasses seem to be a wire-eh style.  They can get easily crushed in man pockets.  So i'm not sure.  The frame is too lightweight and lacks the comfort at the ear piece and nose piece.  I wanted wider fitting for my BIG head.  So, these were good for that purpose.  Yet, when they are on, and I am looking thru the glasses, I can see the glass frame edges all the time.  I since bought another STYLE glasses.  And now, use these as spares, around the house.* yes, they fit around my BIG head nicely.* no, the lenses are smaller than comfort* nose piece is flimsy* entire glass frame is flimsy
Packaged well. It's a Jingao brand, whatever that is. I like the design, not too big, not too small. It comes with an adjustable blade cover, which is thoughtful. I took it off because the area left open to actually shave wasn't very big. I love the fact that it's corded, and has an indicator light when it's plugged in. It did not get hot. The big complaint is that it's not as powerful as it should be. It took too many passes to clean up my mitts. The price is right, but the power isnt.
good product
My sheepskin boots don't have a removable insole and had gotten very unfluffy at the bottom. These fixed that and I will get at least another year out of the boots. Thanks!
Nice appearance and great packaging. There is no smell and virtually no taste, so there’s no need to mask the taste or put it into your food or drink. I like this product and will purchase it again.
Sprayer doesn’t work. Very little comes out and difficultgets stuck when you press down to spray.
Smells yummy and I love the towel. Thank you!!!
Perfect for a tween or teen! I can't see this lasting long for an adult, but it has been a good purchase for my 11 year old as we have started discussing the importance of keeping your skin clean.
this is made of plastic, and does not hold suction.  Bad product.
I use this when I need a Ben gay type lineament. It's kinda pricey, and smelly in a good way, and washes off of my hands easily with soap. Plus- no chemically ingredients.
Works perfectly for thick ingrown toenails. Love the little tools in the handles, very useful.
Excellent flavor and I know from previous use of a different flavor that these work quite well for my upsets.
Ordered this for my Mom who lives all day in a nursing home. So far this seems to be working great for her when so many cushions before haven't.
It is a strong astringent so is great for oral health, tightening gums. I dilute three drops in a teaspoon of water to swish and then dab a little on my deepest wrinkles. It is reducing them a lot. how funny. It looks like blood and would stain but outside the dumb name, it is great stuff.
Slim and well made.  It fits perfectly at the end of my 12&#34; deep cupboard over the sink.  The installation was easy because of the numerous slots available for drilling and anchoring. The Georgia Pacific 21000 two ply style towels fit just right and pull out singularly without waste.  This is the second commercial-style towel dispenser that I have purchased for my kitchen in the last four years.  The first one was a slim roll design that dispensed single ply towels.  The double  ply towels dispensed with this unit are stronger and more absorbent requiring fewer towels for average cleanup in the kitchen.  This was actually a cost-saving investment.
I did not like this. I had ACL surgery a few years ago. My knee gives me trouble still but this was like a rubber band around a joint — painful! I couldn’t walk well with it on and it just kind of felt uncomfortable. No likey! I would rather a compression sleeve.
I can't find a way to contact the seller to ask and returns are aggravating, but this 100% smells like citronella so I can't use it in my lotion bars and had to use my vanilla extract instead. I will keep it for future bug spray use lol. The coconut they sent smells exactly like coconut though.
I've taken this product for years and I've watched the price rise from $40 to almost $70.  Since I never wanted to run out I order a few in advance and they come wrapped in a plastic you cannot see through.  The instructions have always been, 2 scoops a day.  But NOW, without every saying a word, they DOUBLED the size of the scope but didn't increase the amount of product.  It's literally twice the size.  So now you are getting a crap load of filler and using twice the product, so twice the price, without you ever noticing.  I'll use up what I have because it's too late to return, but I will never buy from this company again.  What a total bate and switch.
I've taken this product for years and I've watched the price rise from $40 to almost $70.  Since I never wanted to run out I order a few in advance and they come wrapped in a plastic you cannot see through.  The instructions have always been, 2 scoops a day.  But NOW, without every saying a word, they DOUBLED the size of the scope but didn't increase the amount of product.  It's literally twice the size.  So now you are getting a crap load of filler and using twice the product, so twice the price, without you ever noticing.  I'll use up what I have because it's too late to return, but I will never buy from this company again.  What a total bate and switch.
A little disappointed. I have another air purifier by the manufacturer and it works great so I thought this would be perfect for the laundrylitter box room. It was great for size and didn’t scare the kittens. But it didn’t do much for the odor.
There were a ton of the things in the picture that were missing. One of the light strings was severed in two places so it wouldn’t be possible to turn it on. And honestly the quality wasn’t good at all.
Back support
Too many wild designs rather 10 of solid colors
These small glasses are perfect for those who can never find a pair for reading - I keep one pair in the car and another on the coffee table in the TV room.  They have clear lenses, and are lightweight, and don’t give my hearing aids any trouble going on and off.  Great for those “extra” pairs!
I have had this for while and wasn’t sure  about its best use but I found it.  This essential oil roll on works great on itchy bug bites or other skin irritation.  I had a rather large welt from a bug bite one day, itchy and irritated and decided to use this on it and the itch went away right away and the next day the welt and any trace of the bite was gone.  Smells so nice too!
We’ve been eating a lot of one dish meals lately - stews and soups - and it is so easy to just add this to the gravy or sauce as it’s cooking.  Haven’t been using it long enough to report spectacular results - but it makes sense to add collagen when you can, since we lack it as we age.  The bone broth just adds more flavor to our dishes, so we have every reason to continue with this healthy practice.  Good quality product - no negative effects.
The interior is made of bamboo foam - and covered with a cotton sleeve.  Very comfortable roller - firm for a good massage.  My granddaughter swears by it, and is able to handle it easily, for a gentle or very firm massage.  She prefers it to other rollers.
Living way out in the country, there’a real shortage of salons and folks that do pedicures and foot care.  So, the next best thing is getting the tools to take care of your feet yourself!  This kit includes everything you need to scrub feet and nails, and a rasp for smoothing down callus.  Everything works best after a nice soak in warm water - so make that part of your treatment.  This is a great kit of quality tools.
On our farm, there are loads of dirty jobs that take their toll on nail and hands.  These gloves are great - they fit close enough that they don’t get in the way of most jobs - we use them in the kitchen - and in the lavender barn, moving plants around, watering, sprinkling fertilizer - everything! We like that they have long arms, to protect long sleeves.  They’re very sturdy and strong and we haven’t lost a pair yet!
Since I plugged this in a week ago, and my litter box cleaning days have not changed, I am having no odor at all  - revealing the existence of a cat in my house.  It makes almost no noise and the only indication that it is on is a soft blue light and a slight breeze.  I can’t attest to it creating a germless environment - how do you test that -  but just for the odor management, this is worth the price.  We are in the midst of allergy season, and I haven’t experienced  any lessening of symptoms, so it may not be much help with allergies.  If you have a cat or dog though, this is a winner!
These bring super comfort and support to favorite shoes.  They fit most of my shoes, and really make a difference in keeping me walking straight, with good posture.  So far, I am having less knee pain, and I can see some improvement in lower back discomfort.  Standing for any length of time was always a trial for me, and I can see improvement there as well.  Glad I tried these.
Sadly my trusted electronic tooth brush finally gave up so it was time to replace it. So I decided this one would work and it works just as well as my old one did. It has the same settings, with 30 second intervals for the different areas reminding me with a buzz that it is time to move to the next area.It charges with USB-C which is great, so no more extra cables when I travel, now I can consolidate and use the same cables for phone and tooth brush which is amazing. I feel that it cleanse my teeth quite well and have no complaints. The charge lasts significantly longer than it did on my old brush, amazing how much further tech got since I bought the old one.
I just wish they would stop this one size fits all stuff. I like that you can put it from one hand on the other which is great since this way you can get one if you only have occasional pain in one hand or the other. It fits quite well and works well too providing support and pain relief.The biggest problem, it is quite snug and I wish it was a bit bigger. Not everyone's wrist is the same size and the strap that wraps around the wrist either needs to be longer or they need to have different sizes. Other than that this is great.
This has been one crazy year. We have all had to get face masks or learn how to make our own. Thanks to COVID this has become a common day task that we wear these at work or out and about on errands and such. For some tasks I prefer wearing washable cloth masks and for others I prefer using a disposable type. At work we are only allowed to use the disposable N95 type masks but thankfully those are supplied to us.When I run errands or in my personal life I prefer to wear the more comfortable and reusable cloth masks. In this pack you get 2 black masks. In addition you get a storage pouch for when you are out and about to keep your mask in. You also get a pouch to wash your masks in. This is a nice set of masks that is very comfortable to wear. It fits very well above the nose and under the chin.  This one is very comfortable and fits well. The cotton is very soft and comfortable to wear. They have a metal clip on the nose to make them fit better. They also have adjustable loops to make sure the masks stay put and fit well. All int all this is a good mask that I like to wear quite a bit. At $15 this is not a bad price at all plus you can use the accessories for any of your other masks really.
I am always willing to try new things to see if they would help so when I saw these plums I figure why not. Plums have always had the reputation to help with digestive issues so I figured this may help. In this bag you only get 5 pieces that are all individually wrapped, and yes that means 5 pieces of plums for $18 !!!! Yes they are fermented a special way and undergo some special process but really? 5 plums, and we are talking tiny little plums for $18?The plums themselves do not taste good. They don’t taste horrible but they don’t taste good, not even close. I found they are just whatever really. You kind of just force them down and hope they help. Sadly I can’t really say that they helped, not even close. I think you would have to take quite a few of them to do that and at basically just over $3 per plum, that is just not going to happen, sorry.So it was worth the experiment but sad to say it was a failed experiment. Personally I will not replenish my used up stock and I can’t recommend others getting these but hey to each their own.
Sadly in this crazy year we all got to know face masks all too well. Thanks to COVID this has become a common day task that we wear these at work or out and about on errands and such. For some tasks I prefer wearing washable cloth masks and for others I prefer using a disposable type. In this pack you get 10 reusable, washable face masks for just $10, and as they say, you get what you pay for.The basically have the look and feel of disposable masks. They are three ply masks and are made of 2 layers. They are not adjustable in regards to the ear loops but you can adjust them at the nose a little bit with a nose clip. The material claims to be cotton but it is not the best material to be honest. I for one really do not like these very much. These are like back-up masks in my eyes when all my others are in the wash.I am sadly very underwhelmed with these. Thankfully they didn’t smell, that would have been too much if you ask me. These will provide at least following any mask mandates but I doubt there is any kind of serious protection with these.
Who doesn’t like bath bombs? Well clearly if you are on here you do and you are in the right place if you ask me. These bath bombs are great. They are a very nice generous size which means they last a nice long time giving you a nice longer experience while you enjoy your nice soaking bath. The fragrances these have are fantastic. I tend to be very picky when it comes to fragrances and love that this one has a huge variety  from citrus to flowers to “plain” vanilla.You get a total of 12 of these bath bombs for just over $20 which is a good deal in my eyes and well worth it. These come in a very nice box that also lends perfectly to gift these for the holidays but also for birthdays but really any occasion if you ask me. I will probably have to get these again when I am out. The only one I am not a fan of is eucalyptus mint, but that is because I just don’t like that fragrance but it will come in handy when I have a cold or flu to clean up those sinuses.
This is a pretty good kit for making face masks a bit more tolerable and easier to be honest. For one you get 12 brackets that keep the face masks a bit more of your face. I like that these are washable and reusable. These don’t have a lot of material to them which is nice, makes them feel a lot more airy unlike some others. They do have little snags that helps you snag them onto the face masks, but the snags are not the greatest and it makes it not that easy to attach them to those 3 ply fold-able disposable face masks but you can make it work. More practice eventually leads in better results.Then you get 2 of those lanyard straps which I like. You can attach your face mask to that and when you don’t use it, like if you are out to dinner and you are eating and don’t have a place to put it, you can just hang it around your neck instead. I really like this so much better than any other solution out there like those little wallets for face masks.Lastly you get those ear protectors, little straps that you can attach the face masks behind your head to instead of securing the face masks to your ear and straining your ears. You get a lot of them. These are fairly cheap but they work. You get so many in fact that if they break who cares and you have still so many that you can share with friends, family and coworkers if you are so inclined. All this for $17, not a bad deal really. I think it is worth it and all these little gadgets help making wear masks a little bit more tolerable.
These are very nice essential oil roll-ons. You get a total of 4 different blends in this little relaxation kits. The tranquility  blend is a mix of vetiver, cedarwood and chamomile. It is a very nice woodsy aroma that smells great. The piece out blend is a mi of lavender, orange and bergamot, probably my favorite. It is a beautiful blend that is just perfect to apply before you head to bed. Tension is a blend that contains peppermint and wintergreen and to be honest I am not a huge fan to that one, mostly because I am rather sensitive to mind. Ache is the last one and contains Arnica and Frankincense to help with inflammation bruising and sprains. That one smells a bit rougher but it is supposed to help with inflammation and does seem to help maybe a little bit.That one is applied directly to the affected area while tension is applied best to the temples since it helps with headaches a little bit. The other two can be applied to the temples or pulse points to distribute their effects. These are easy to apply and use. Their scents are pretty mild and sadly do fade fairly quickly all considering. I like that they come in these easy little applicator roll-ons that are easy to bring along really. All in all nice little set that also makes for a good gift.
These are nice makeup removal pads. You get a jar with 70 of these pads that are soaked with the removal solution. And of course when you are done there is some of that solution on the bottom that you can use with regular cotton pads. These makeup pads are very nice and work well. The removal solution is very gentle, probably because it includes cica solution in it as well as some vitamins and other good ingredients.They smell very good and I found are gentle enough to use around the eyes. I had no issues removing foundation, lipsticks are eye makeup. All in all I am very happy with these. The price is rather reasonable too at $12 for 70 of these pads. I think these should be good for sensitive people except may the fragrance that is fairly strong but pleasant. But since these are gentle enough to use around the eyes they should be good for sensitive skin.
I like these face mask lanyards. They are perfect to attach your face masks to. You attach one end to each side of your face masks. Then when you don’t use your face mask, like for example if you are taking a break to eat or you are at a restaurant, you can then take it down and just hang it around your neck using this lanyard. No more leaving it on the desk, putting it over your thigh or anything like that. So much easier and better. Especially when you are out for dinner I always struggle on what to do with it and this is the solution. Or when you are driving in your car and you just need to put it away for a bit, this is the solution. These can also be used as ear extenders  ear savers meaning  the face mask is attached to the lanyard and around the head, relieving the pressure on the ears.I like it because it makes it easy to put the face mask safely away but close by and you don’t have to put them down anywhere but instead they hang around your neck. In this pack you get 4 of them for just $16. These are definitely some of the more expensive ones out there and not sure why they are more expensive, because of the “design”?  I always keep some around since it is easy to misplace them and I just keep them on the various cloth masks I have in the car and so on so having a few of the on hand is very handy.
When I read mini dustpan, I thought this one would be a little bit smaller than it is. It is pretty small but I was hoping a little smaller. I do like it though and it is very versatile. The pan makes collecting the dirt easy. The brush has a brush side on one end and a squeegee side on another. This is perfect for making sure you get all the dirt.I like that the brush neatly stores within the pan. In addition they give you a small little brush that works very well in cleaning out dirt from your keyboard or other small areas. I actually use this for cleaning out the cage of my flying squirrels, it makes a job that usually takes me closer to 5 to 10 minutes a 1 minute task.The materials are also perfect that if they ever get dirty you can just clean it easily with soap and water.
These are good earplugs. They work well in reducing noise and protect your hearing but they will not completely drown out all noise. You get a cute little carrying case with a carabiner that let's you attach it to your purse or luggage or whatever really. Inside the case is a sturdy foam with 6 holes in it in which the 3 pairs of earplugs are inserted into. Each pair has different colored plastic so you can keep the pairs together.The earplugs fit very well and I have had no issues with them falling out. The soft silicone material is actually pretty comfortable. The way these are made you can actually lay on your side sleeping and be comfortable with them. They reduce noise nicely but you can still hear what is going on to some degree.These are well made. The materials are nice and can easily be washed. You can take the silicon of the plastic to allow proper cleaning of both really. When not in use you can store everything safely in the carrying case.
Exactly what I was looking for. I take a few different medicines and one I have to on occasion split into half. To date I used a knife but that didn't usually work too well, but since it was a once in a while thing I made it work. I figured it was time and get a pill splitter. This one is perfect. Small and easy to use and in my eyes cute. It works well and you don't loose your pill halves after you are done either. Exactly what needed.
This is just an average hydration supplement in my eyes. First of it comes at 160 calories for one serving, which I think is rather high. Most energy workout boosters come at like 50 calories or less but this one has quite a bit of sugar in it. It does have a good amount of electrolytes so that is nice, you can basically make your own quick version of Gatorade of sorts. Again a lot of calories though. The electrolytes are mostly sodium and potassium, both important for muscle function and many other functions inside the human body.I tend to dilute it more than instructed since it is pretty sweet. The taste is not bad but among the energy boosters I have tried this is not my favorite, it is ok. I have had no negative reactions to this but didn't really feel any energy boosting effects from this at all since they do claim some energy boosting effects calling it an energy blend.All in all this is just ok. You do get a massive amount for the $20 though so you can make a lot of home made "Gatorade" with this really. I won't reorder this though.
This is a nice supplement by Hair Envy. You get easy to swallow capsules that are tasteless really. It has a lot of Biotin and Keratin in it that will help you grow strong and healthy hair. This is also good for your skin and nails. I think taking a supplement works better than a topical application (i.e. shampoo or conditioner) but trying both may work best?My nails have been breaking a lot and my hair is on the thinner side. So it is more than time to do something about it. Taking this supplement has definitely helped, I can notice the difference in my nails. Seeing a difference in the hair will take a long time, especially if you have long hair like myself. Mine goes half way down my back at this point so seeing and improvement will take time.
This is a cute little gadget. It is very inexpensive and probably not the most accurate instrument out there, however I do like it to get a rough idea on how much blood alcohol level I have. Would I stake my drivers license on this, of course not but it is nice to get an idea on where I am standing really. It is not completely inaccurate or anything but in the grand scheme of things you get what you pay for.What I do like is the convenience of it really. Also make sure when you start it up that you let it calibrate with fresh air to make sure you get a good baseline. If you don't do that your results are going to be VERY bad. It is very easy to use so no complaints there. Also the complaint about it fogging up is accurate but you can still read the measurement on the display, so no real big deal in my eyes.
This is a nice cleaning bundle. You get one bottle that is a streak-less glass cleaner that you can use on either glass surfaces or mirrors. I have had no issues with this and indeed it is streak-less. It works very well and it is pretty much ammonia based like most others are.The other bottle is an all purpose cleaner that works very well on pretty much everything else like your shower, cook top with a greasy mess and everything else that your cleaning hands come across. These 2 cleaners work very well. They smell like cleaning supplies do so no surprise there really.
This is a nice preworkout booster. First off it tasted good of raspberry and lime. One scoop gives you a solid 16oz drink if you don't want a super sweet drink that is and it was pretty sweet to be honest so I diluted it a little more than they suggested.When I went to exercise I definitely had more energy and longer staying power. I had no issues falling asleep later that night, which was about 6 hours after I drank this. I had no jitters or any other negative side effects from this during or after. This is definitely a workout supplement that works.
This facial skin scrubber is not a bad little gadget. It has an easy to clean stainless steel spatula. The unit has 3 different settings, cleaning and moisturizing which are similar to each other and uplifting that is definitely different on how it vibrates on your skin.When you use it, it definitely feels interesting on your skin. When you use the cleaning and moisturizing settings you should use a cleaning solution or moisturizing solution of sort.The facial scrubber is a nice lightweight little unit that sits comfortably in your hand. It is very easy to operate and easy to use, you just have to figure out which setting you want to use. I really like using this. It is much gentler in cleaning blackheads and such then squeezing them with your fingers or using those blackhead tools that often damage your skin and also hurt. This is nice and gentle and actually feels good. It is not very expensive either so a nice little investment for your skin that should be worth it.
This is a very nice toothpaste. It is definitely funky using toothpaste that is black but you get used to it. It tastes pretty good and cleanse your teeth very well. I would recommend mixing it up with regular toothpaste though because it can strip your teeth because of the charcoal. It does have some bad breath eliminating features which I like and it can help whiten your teeth, don't expect to have like bright white teeth because of this but it can neutralize some stains which is nice. I really like this one but I am not making this my own and only toothpaste but actually rotate it with another one I use.
This is a great little toner. The spray has a fine little mist and works very well. I cleanses my face beautifully and feels very refreshing when I use it. After I use this my face feels nice and clean. I do like the smell of this and feel super refreshed every time I use this. I do like that this has witch hazel in the ingredient list which is a very calming ingredient. It also has other fantastic ingredients like chamomile and ginseng.This is a great find and am happy I found this toner.
This is a very nice roll on stick with hemp oil and lavender. It smells beautiful of lavender. It is a very nice lavender scent, much nicer actually than some of the diffuser oils I have found, very smooth and just plain beautiful.The oil feels great on the skin and I had no negative reactions to it. I enjoy applying it before I go to sleep because I enjoy the scent because I feel it is calming.When I got mine in the mail it did leak and there was a good amount in the bubble wrap that it was wrapped in. Seems this is a common problem so I hope they fix it since it is a shame that this product gets wasted like that!
These are nice little travel packs to bring along in a pinch when you are out of smaller tooth paste and mouth wash, plus a small size of spritz breath spray. These packs are very small and easy to store and bring along. These work pretty well. I am not a huge fan of the breath spray, but that is just because I don't generally use them so I wish they would have included more mouth wash and tooth paste since those I use a lot more.
I got this flavored sparkling water with the dragon fruit flavor. Before I drank it, it was nicely chilled. Sadly this did not help the overall experience. I know it has a lot of good for you ingredients, but sadly I couldn't stand this beverage at all!It says zero calories, zero sweetener, zero carbs, zero sugar, but sadly I have to say horrible flavor!To me this is a complete miss. I struggled drinking one can of this and now I have 11 more in my fridge. I wish this would have been better. Now I wish I would have gotten the variety pack to see if any of the other flavors would have been better but I didn't.
This earmuffseye mask combination is pretty neat. It is one piece that combines an eye mask with earmuffs to give you better sleep. The straps are adjustable to make them tighter or looser obviously and fit better for your needs. I found I don't like it super tight since that makes it a bit uncomfortable on the eyes especially if you end up opening your eyes at one point while wearing the mask.The mask is soft so if you do open your eyes at some point your eye lashes will touch the mask, that is a tad annoying but not a deal breaker since you should be sleeping anyways. The earmuffs are pretty noise insulating but do not block out all noise. But I found they do a pretty good job. For those who like to sleep on the side these are soft and comfortable enough to do so, although for an entire night on the same side I don't think it is optimal. I move around from the sides to back a bit so this worked well for me.They are pretty well made in my eyes so they should last a good amount of time. I think the thing that will probably go first are the straps that hold everything together. These should be great especially on a flight if you are trying to get a little snooze. All in all not a bad purchase.
This gloves are perfect for dish washing or other household cleaning duties. They keep your hands protect nicely during all these duties we love so dearly, not. They are a good quality product that should stand up the test of time quite nicely, only time will tell. These gloves come with a cotton flocking that makes wearing them nice and comfortable and absorbs your sweat to some degree. Getting a pair of these for $10 is very good so I can recommend purchasing these for sure!
these masks we toss-aways, unless you have a small child, these are uselessly small - what a waste
Ok product low rating due to small loops on belt
Bought this for my sister to improve her grip strength. she loves it and it's adorable too
Maybe not the best razor ever, but does a good job. Easy to clean.
I love the fit, comfort and my safety with this mask and the filters.  However,  these protect YOU but NOT OTHERS (due to the value).  I will continue to use mine during my infrequent outings and errands, but will put electrical tape on valve.  Be aware that some airlines will not allow you to board with valve masks.
Each Pak is light & easy to use and very compact when used up. Each 15 flush Pak comes with garbage bag you insert in the bowl first so that clean up is a whiz! I’m a camper and the Laveo allows me to offer guests their own bathroom with no mess and no smell.
Perfect for traveling, or for home.
I was pleased at first but now I am not.  NO matter how long I leave my contacts in, my eyes burn from this solution..  Even after I rinsed my lenses with saline solution they still burned my eyes.  SO I stopped using this and went back to Bausch and Lomb Bio True lens solution!
Great glasses for the price.
This works but you cannot apply pressure or the brush stops spinning.  Great concept but if you lightly brush tiles and the bath, it will not clean.  You're better off manually scrubbing your tiles and bath with an ordinary brush.
These bath bombs pack a punch, which you wouldn't expect from their size.  They might have more color added than expected, which spreads in the bath pretty quickly.  They smell great, but aren't overwhelming.  If you're looking for a nice set of bath bombs, these are a great selection.
I suffer from consistently low levels of Vitamin B12 due to a pancreatic issue that I have.  I already get monthly shots, but my levels remain low, so I decided to get this liquid version for a quick pick me up outside of my daily vitamins.  I will admit that I noticed a bit of a pick me up from these, when added to my diet.  The raspberry flavor is pretty strong, but I always follow it with a drink of something else that has a strong flavor and it's fine.  I'm very happy with this supplement though and will be picking these up again when I run out!
I LOVE Vital Proteins, so when I saw that they came out with a Collagen Whey I had to have it. I ordered the Banana, Cinnamon and Vanilla flavor and I was so excited to try it right away when it arrived. The taste and the texture of this new product is almost unbearable. I used the suggested serving size with the appropriate amount of liquid and it tastes so watered down and gritty. I have to take it in several shots to finish it. In the future, I will stick to the original non-flavored collegen protein. It was worth a try, but definitely not what I expected.
Completely ineffective. Please don’t bother .
This is a good solid pre-workout. The energy is strong. The beta alanine itches. The pumps are big. And the flavor ain't bad. I would do this one again.
Decent flavor. Taste similar to some name brands I have tried. Filled me up for the morning. Not too grainy. Love how much nutrition is packed in each drink. The bottle is also a nice size.
Great product. Fast delivery.
Yes,  I bought this because it is KLEENIX.  I knew it would be soft and especially absorbent.  There is no fragrance,  just simple softness.  And,  reason for absorbency?  TWO PLY!
I have been washing dishes a lot, since the dishwasher was not doing its job!!  But,  I believe I got the Medium size,  and they fit good, but not tight.  I have small hands,  and the Medium is not tight,  and not loose.  I can take them off easily and put them on easier.Washing dishes is tough for rubber gloves!  Knives and forks often make holes.  And,  these gloves are still going for me.  I like them.  They last long,  and no holes after many uses.  I have several pairs of these for the bathroom and kitchen!  Strong gloves,  last long!
I have been using these for dishwashing and they are little big for me,  but they are workable!  I have used the other pair for bathroom cleaning and same thing.  They hold well enough.  They have long sleeves and seem to be really good quality.  Great cleaning and dishwashing gloves!
This Gel Knee Support comes in handy when I have a weak knee.  Periodically, my knee tends to give out.  With this, I feel much more support to the area.  This is a nice, quality support with Gel padding on the front where the front of the knee is.The material is strong,  and most important breathable.  Oftentimes, if you don't have breathing material, it can become tight and sweaty.  There is no opening, just slip if through the food.  I can do this while exercising, because staying in place is important.Check the sizes for sure before you order.  Mine is the X-large, and I am not large, but the tightness is fine.  Maybe I should have received a smaller one, but  right now this one works.Nice support.  Good quality fit.....  Review for Gel Knee Support
The arm stand is definitely not sturdy and should not be relied on.
I tried using this for a few days and the hardness of the plastic really bothered me. The literature that came with the item did say the plastic was hard and it might take you some time to get used to it, but I got headaches and only used it a short time.I did keep it and may try using it again.
5 stars for product quality, 1 star for packaging.The top part of the cap, that flips open and closed, was broken into multiple pieces, with the hinge part missing and only a little plastic left to seal the hole. Thank goodness the bottle is sealed under the cap, or everything would've spilled out. Without the proper cap, I can't travel with this as planned. I'm very disappointed. It came in a bubble wrap envelope.
I wore these one time and the second time I went to put them on my finger ripped right through the material and there is now a huge hole in the thigh.
Poor cleaner, does not make me feel like the mat is clean after wiping down. Smells nice though.
I saw in a few reviews that people felt these were shipped too close to the expiration date. Received on 4212018, expiration date is 072019. My dog requires multiple pills per day, so this is a great solution for her.
This is a good deal and a great product…
I cannot use it, it’s crammed into the case it came in and cannot be removed. Broke carry case to get I out. I bought this for the carry case...the file is nice just the case is the issue
I have been taking these daily for a month now and am pleased with the results. Good quality vitamin D3 at a fair price.
I enjoy the form and bioavailability of this magnesium. I've been taking it for a couple of months now and have been pleased with the results.
These masks are, in my opinion, as effective as standard N95 masks and at least as comfortable to wear. They fold-up very nearly and tend to last me about a week each. The ear strings are comfortable and stretch easily. They're a bit sharp on the back of my ears, but not unbearably.
This is a pretty solid trimmer set for the price.  You get everything you need to maintain your beard, hairline, etc. and all of the attachments are pretty well-made. It works smoothly, is easy to keep clean, and the battery lasts quite a while between charges.
These pills have a pretty pungent odor, but oddly I don't taste it or burp it up. I'm pretty happy with the results I'm getting after taking them for about a week. They're definitely useful for flushing out the system and the ingredients seem to be of good quality. I'd say they're worth giving a try.
I've had very good results using this toothpaste after a couple of weeks. It's very pleasant to use, with a nice aftertaste, and it leaves my teeth and gums feeling fresh and clean. I have noticed some whitening, as well. Three tubes for the current price of $18.99 is a decent deal.
This stuff actually works. I use it to spray my gym sneakers and it neutralizes the scent. It has very little scent itself, too.
works well. Easy to setup. very accurate. Use it with Hoyer lift and sling to weigh wheelchair bound person that can't stand on a normal scale.
I use only 14 to 12 tsp. If I have leg cramps, this works the best! My dad had hand cramps and within 15 mins of giving him 12 tsp, the cramps were gone. I love that I can vary the dose.  Check out Dr. Carolyn Dean.
I can't explain how many different places  companies I've tried this is good if you shift around and like to shake your booty some people say it collapses yeah it does but I don't know it's a good option if you move in your seat and want a little refreshment
As a husband who recently picked up the Heated Sleep Eye Mask by CareFor for my wife, I am happy to say that she absolutely loves it! This eye mask has been a game-changer for her nighttime routine, as it quickly heats up and stays warm for a long time, providing her with the perfect amount of relaxation and comfort.One of the things that stands out about this eye mask is its 3D ergonomic design. It perfectly contours to her face, blocking out all light and allowing her to completely relax. The graphene material used in the mask is top-quality, ensuring that the heat is evenly distributed and that she remains comfortable throughout the night.The magnet suction wire is also a great feature, as it keeps the mask securely in place without any discomfort or slipping. My wife also loves how breathable and soft the mask is, which helps prevent any irritation or sweating around the eyes.Overall, the Heated Sleep Eye Mask by CareFor is a must-have for anyone who struggles with migraines, dry eyes, or just wants a more relaxing and comfortable sleep. It's also perfect for nap time or travel, making it a versatile and useful addition to any routine. Highly recommended!
These work well for me.  They are the right softness and I have no complaints.  The only thing is that I need glasses to see, my current toothpaste is green, the same color as the brush, and it is hard for me to see how much I have on the bristles.  LOL  My next tube of toothpaste will be a different color.Anyway,  these do work well for me and I am happy to have them.
I have a huge supply of misc. vitamins.  I take one of these daily along with one other brand mini vitamin.  These will let you know when you take them.  Quickly after taking one, your urine will be neon yellow.I like the list of ingredients and have zero complaints about this product.I am happy to have these and will continue to use them.
I have been trying to up my intake of antioxidants and polyphenols.  I can't attest to the fact that this helps but I am rotating it in and out of my daily supplements.I now ALWAYS look for made in the USA.  This has become very important to me, whether it is supplements for me or the dogs.I will continue taking these.  I have not had any problems at all with these.
Like many of you, I have persistent neck pain.  This looked great.  Don't be fooled.  I disliked this so much that I threw it away.  I had my wife try it out to make sure it was not just me.  She did not like it at all either.I tried this many times, never ever did I think it did anything.  I hate to say this, but this is a waste of time and money.
This is my third order of this.  We both like them.  The taste is good and even better when mixed with a little orange juice.  This is a good way for us to get added electrolytes and also get vitamins.We like this and are happy to have it.
I mixed up some of this today with cold water and milk with some ice cubes.  It mixed very well.  I gave my wife a taste, she is pickier than I am on these things.  She liked it.  We both liked it.I appreciate very much that it is MADE IN THE USA.  I really appreciate the grams of fiber along with added vitamins.The only concern I have is the price to re-order when it runs out.  At almost two dollars a serving, it is higher than the others I drink.  But then again, this one has fiber and I don't think any of my other ones do.We like it and will continue to drink it.
We have several similar products in the house.  During this Covid19 we try to take our vitamins and stay hydrated.  This is a very nice item to have around.  My wife and I are actually both drinking one now.My biggest complaint is the salty taste.  I know, I know it has salt for electrolytes but my other main one we drink doesn't have this salty taste.  I just chugged half the bottle and then refilled it with cold water.  I like it better when it is diluted.  Next time I will just use 12 of one tube in my bottle of water.I do appreciate the vitamins and will continue to use this.
These are what I was looking for and do what I needed them to do.  I am happy with them.
Have you ever tried to get a tiny screw put back into your glasses only to find you can't?  Don't have the right tools?  That was me when I tried to put a screw back into my mother's glasses.  This kit has the right tools that I needed.This kit appears to me to be a great variety of anything I may ever need to fix eyeglasses.  I have tried to show pics of the various pages that show the contents.This kit just might be a lifesaver in the future.  I am happy to have it.
We take probiotics often and I try to switch up the brands since they all seem to have different strains in them.  This will make a nice addition to my collection and we will rotate them in and out of our daily routine.
I got these for my wife.  She tells me they are easy to take but she really can't tell if they make any difference.  Sorry.
We have a big variety of probiotics that we rotate and use daily.  This one has a very impressive label.  Now, I have no way to test any of these claims, so I just have to believe them.  This one gives more capsules for less money than many others, all-the-while giving lots of CFU's.Not long before the Covid19 outbreak, I had to take another round of antibiotics.  Since this wipes out all of the good bacteria in my intestines, I stocked up on several different pre + probiotics.  My thoughts are that different brands may have different types of good bacteria.After about two weeks of some serious probiotic dosages, which was also in the middle of the Covid19 outbreak, I got sick.  I had a fever, cough, and shortness of breath.  It really started to worry me.  It only lasted two days and was gone.  I have no proof but I am going to say that my pre and probiotics kept me from getting much sicker and also shortened the duration of my illness.
I am middle aged and unfortunately I think going through menopause. As a result, my hair is getting thin. Only time will tell if these are effective in terms of better hair, skin and nails.  Wellforia hair gummies will hopefully strengthen my hair giving me a head of healthy hair. The package contains 60 gummies. You take 2 per serving. (1 month supply). They are:1. Shaped like gummy bears.2. Tastes great (berry flavored).3. They are easy to chew. Not as firm as a gummy bear but not as soft as a Swedish fish.4. Contain biotin, retinol, folic acid, Vitamins A, C, D, And E.5. Affordable ($17 on Amazon).
These inexpensive mask extenderslanyards by Moosth are useful. We are living through a pandemic where most places require a mask. I am sure that I am not the only one who finds that taking on and off the mask is cumbersome. Etiquette says that you don’t let your mask hang from one ear or on your chin, so these lanyards definite alleviate that problem. They allow you to keep your mask around your neck. No need to remove it, shove it in your pocket or wear inappropriately. Not only that but how many times have you found your mask pulling on your ears. These extenders reduce that pull on them. You attach, adjust it and there is no pressure on your ears, which is nice. Overall, for the price, these are a nice find. You get 5 for $5.00. I give them 4 stars.
I don’t know why I never thought about getting a pill box in the past, especially since I usually grab an empty medicine bottle (to carry Benadryl, aspirin etc) when I go out of town. And I always say to myself, I don’t want to mix my pills, but I also don’t want to carry multiple prescription bottles. So when I was offered these for an honest review, I said to myself, this really makes so much sense. And guess what? It does. Lizimandu has created some beautiful pill boxes, inspired by Van Gogh. These are perfect for people who travel or who have to take medicine on a regular basis. Each pill box is divided into 3 compartments. They are small enough to fit inside your purse, travelmakeup bag or book-bag. They aren’t that expensive and would be perfect to give as gifts. The only reason I am deducting a half of star is because I believe having a removable option (for the compartment) would allow people to put larger pills inside. Perhaps having the ability to twist the compartment and remove it would have made this 5 stars.
Viva Naturals Collagen Protein Powder has no flavor or smell (i.e., tasteless and odorless). You can blend this non-dairy supplement with any beverage. My husband added this protein with orange juice. It mixes well. He could not taste the product, nor was it gritty. Each serving (there are 30 per 23.7 ounce container) is 90 calories and contains 21 grams of protein.  This product is gluten and lactose free.  It is easy to drinkswallow. The collagen used is: grass-fed Bovine, Wild Cod and Chicken. This collagenprotein powder promotes healthy bones and strengthens your joints. And finally, the cylinder-shaped container while large can be kept in any cabinet easily. My husband recommends it.
What is better than some Puff Facial tissues when you have a sore, runny nose? Nothing. These are soft and even contain some lotion, which means that hopefully you will be able to avoid that red, irritated nose that often results from a bad cold. The cube shaped box contains 52 soft tissues. This 10 pack can be divided and used in multiple places. I have a box on my desk at work; one in my car; and others strategically placed around my house.
Very slippery. Shifts in shoe.
This is my go to on those days I need a little extra push, and I love the individual packs.
Some of them fit and are a really neat concept but all of them are basically cut different sizes and shapes. I would rather have something tighter fitting to use a device. All of the finger lengths are random. A stretchy fabric would be helpful, even a 5050 cotton blend.
Doesn't seem to be catching enough hair or fur!
I mean, yeah, it makes it convenient. It is a complete mineral profile. I like that about it. But sadly, it uses inferior forms of some minerals. They used calcium carbonate, which is one of the most poorly absorbed calciums (citrate is what you want), as well as magnesium oxide, which is also poorly absorbed - you want malate or gycinate. That made me a bit disappointed in this product. It's not too hard to swallow and goes down easy, but in the end...it's not the best.
So far out of all the diabetic bags I have purchased I keep coming back to this case. It fits my insulin pen, my napkins (when out to dinner and have a sanitary place to lay my stuff out), my meter pouch, alcohol wipes and needles. And it fits in my purse. I like it. and there is a small pocket to put an ice pack if needed.  I like it it so far. I just purchased the Sarah Spunda By Dittibags (also sold on Amazon) bag to see how that will work for my diabetic needs. Suppose to arrive today. I wanted something cute and feminine to carry my stuff but if the comments are accurate then I will be going back to this case!
Could be just a tad larger.  I have a small face and they just fit.
I love trying different protein flavors to switch it up from my normal vanilla. This piña colada one is definitely a new favorite!! The flavor is spot on and not too sweet or artificial flavored. One of my favorite ways to enjoy this is mixed into some plain greek yogurt. I serve myself a half cup to a full cup, mix in a half to full scoop and then let it chill again a little bit before eating. It completely erases any hint of whey powder and it's just a nice sweet treat (that's high in protein and low sugar!). It dissolves easily in yogurt as well as in milk when I use it for shakes. I didn't experience any bloating or digestive issues. Highly recommend if you're looking to try new flavor!:)Hope this review is helpful!:)
This set is so stinking cute, I love how every tool matches the case perfectly. However o don't feel like these tools warrant the price.: They feel a bit flimsy and the clippers especially aren't as sharp as some of my drugstore bought nail clippers. If this was only about $10 Id think it was worth it, but def not worth +$20 imo
I hate how so many supplements use artificial sweeteners that make everything so sickeningly sweet. This protein powder is actually not as sweet as many that I've tried. Definitely more of a natural amount of sweetness that I really appreciate! Tastes just like a sweetened, creamy latte. I add this to my morning coffee and it's just perfect!This doesn't state whether it has caffeine in it or not, but I don't believe it does despite the cold brew flavor.The reason I took a star off was the packaging. I was super excited to receive a bagged protein powder because the super large (and usually half empty) containers of protein powders take up so much counter space. Unfortunately, it just doesn't seal back up very well. Did not feel air tight at all. I didn't want it to lose freshness so I just put it in a different container. Wish the sealing strip had worked better.:(
These sponges and steel wool aren't any better quality than a brand you'd be able to find in store for a fraction of the price. Steel wool isn't bad, but the sponges definitely won't last long. They're the very light and soft type of sponges that fall apart easily if you do a lot of hand washing.
Pretty sweet and has the artificial taste of an orange starburst, not really a flavor I want in a drink. Someone that doesn't mind artificially sweetened drinks may not find the flavor to be an issue.Would highly recommend using cold water to drink this down because it helps cut the sickly sweetness.I took half a scoop midday which comes out to 125mg of caffeine, about the strength of a cup of coffee.I didn't feel too jittery, anxious or crazy just a little more "up" and focused during my workout.So overall I didn't care too much for the flavor, but I enjoy the effects so I'll continue to use it, and just drink it quickly. haha
Spirulina powder is kind of one of those trendy health supplements right now, so I'm not surprised by the price, especially for an organic product.Easy to add into green smoothies and such, if you don't put a crazy amount, the flavor is pretty easily hidden, not bad!
I had recently bought some inexpensive sleep masks and instantly felt the difference in quality when I received these.These are so much softer and silkier than my other pair, they really feel like a little pillow on your eyes. The strap to adjust the tightness in the back doesn't look the nicest but it's functional.They're very opaque so they block out the light well and don't feel heavy on the face. They're also a good size so no light filters in through the topsidesnosebridge Definitely comfortable to sleep intravel with.The fact that they're silk is an added plus for anyone concerned with damaging their eyelashes or even eyebrows in their sleep.Great sleep masks!
These look quite classy with the brushed finish as opposed to the chrome plating on most clippers. The little tin is a nice touch. I’m definitely going to use that for something else.
We bought these and a couple other types. By far these are the best. In others the inner lining was too lose after the first wash to breath easily. These are very soft material but also thick enough to wear for the pandemic. My son is a smaller 6 year old and it’s a tiny bit lose by his cheeks but otherwise fits well.
-Colors match picture-Mix of vibrant black and grey-Material is a little tough-seems very tight, making it kind of hard-lathers okay, but not so good because of how tight it is-used it about 3 times so far and seems to be loosening up
I received the bluewhite gloves and the purple gloves and they seem to differ. The bluewhite gloves seemed really shinyslippery. I received a size large, but could have used a medium so I would say they are true to size. The purple gloves seemed thicker than the bluewhite gloves and less shinyslippery. They have a swirly design on the inside which helps with grip. The inside feels soft, like there's actual cloth material inside. They would make great for washing dishes and cleaning because of the thickness. I'd reccommend this item.
Bought one at that Walmart for two dollars long ago.  Since then I've tried several others.  Came back to these and bought several, even though they are more expensive here.
It was fully charged yet the music stopped working. I believe the buttons were getting stuck. So I returned it
These are great for overnight wear, but the thigh band rolls down during the night and can get uncomfortable.
I used to have a Clarisonic but lost it after a move. This is a great replacement. I like the feeling that my face is super clean and super smooth. It’s easy to use, easy to handle and dose a good job. I have sensitive skin and this doesn’t bother it.
I’ve gone back to natural nails and needed files for them. I knew the 240 would be okay and was hoping the 180 would work. It does the job but I only use the 180 side for shortening my nails, it’s a bit rough and isn’t at all good for shaping. That being said, the 240 is what I was looking for and it’s easy enough to tell the difference so you don’t use the wrong side.
I'm a true believer in the red light therapy camp. I've had excellent results myself and have seen the same on others. That being said, I have a bad neck and was hoping this would be flexible enough to use there and hopefully improve it. It does the job but is really hard to get it into place. It's easier on my shoulder or leg but I wish it was curved in shape for where I need it. I'll definitely use this but am still in search of.....
Time in front of the computer and general wear and tear so sometimes I have a real problem with my neck. Unfortunately it affects my shoulders, back, arms and hands too so I'm always looking for something to ease the tightness. This works well and is easy to use. It's adjustable so I have options and stores in a small space. It's a regular 'guest' in my suitcase when I travel and I don't leave home without it anymore.
I’ve had great luck with red light therapy for both wounds and aches and pains. This is easy to set up and use and does a great job. If you haven’t looked into red light therapy, you should. I won’t go into the science since I’m not sure exactly what’s been proven and what’s been theorized but I know it works for me. I like the durability of this unit and its easy to use. I can’t swear to the effectiveness of what it works on beneath the surface but I do know if helps cuts and bruises heal much more quickly so I’ll continue to use it. This is a great until. A decent size and I can leave it set up. I do know that you have to be really close to get the full effect so if you’ve tried it without success, maybe move closer?
I have VERY sensitive skin and a lot of things irritate it so I’m always worried when I try something new. I spot test and wait, spot test and wait. This product doesn’t irritate my skin! First winning feature. It’s a milky toner which made me wonder but it’s moisturizing and balancing. It feels nice, allows me to skip additional moisturizing (normal combination skin) and leaves my skin clear and bright. Love this product and will buy more when this bottle is used up. Absolutely NO irritation.
While YMMV, I found this unpleasant to use and very irritating to my sensitive teeth. I've tried others and had a similar problem but this was almost right out of the gate. The pen is harder to use than a tray or strips because it's hard to get into nooks and crannies but they generally do work. I just couldn't deal with the sensitivity. A hard no for me!
I'm not totally sure this is helping. This whole pandemic thing has messed with everything but the fact that these are a capsule instead of a powder is a winner for me. I can't stand the taste of most of those things and just that alone is a turn off. I was totally skeptical but while I'm not sure how much of a benefit they are, I can say that they haven't caused any negatives so that alone makes them worth a try.
This does work fairly well and after a bit of fiddling (my problem not the curler’s) I got it working well. It’s still an extra step I don’t always do just because of the extra time — getting set up, using it and putting it away — but when I want to go all out, this does a great job. It’s easy to use and does work.
While there are a bunch of braces for support during the day for carpal tunnel, this one does work. It's small enough to not get in the way of anything except moving your wrist. It's also useable on either side. My gripe is it isn't the most comfortable (more likely the shape and size of my hand) than some I've used. And it's a bit hot to wear.
While it's not a new neck, it does help keep the existing one freer from strain and tension. It fits right at the bend of the neck and if you lay on it regularly it helps ease shoulder tension. I put it on the floor and just relax into it and it works the best. If I'm trying to watch TV or something it doesn't have the same effect but just relaxing (or listening to an audiobook, music, podcast) it's very effective.
I was going to try this and then give it to my sister who suffers with "real" headaches. I tried it and I'm not going to give it away. It feels wonderful, I like that I can spritz it and make it moist heat and the fabric feels wonderful against my face and eyes. The cord is a bit problematic. I'm going to try using it with a battery pack and see if that fixes "the problem". Also will make a good gift for those that do the whole sinus thing or need a nice dark eye mask.
I had planned to give this less than 3 stars because I did not see a big significant change at first. It just so happened that I had something that was in my fridge that could potential have been a problem and I had this in my fridge and it did not stink my fridge up. I am a believer that this works. I only wish that I did not have to put it in the sun once a month because the winter months are coming and we might not have that much sun soon. Overall though I highly recommend it.
I have issues with severe pain at night down my legs due to damage from a local tower which has caused many issues with many people.  I need to have some good sources of pain relief topically so I can sleep at night.HOW THIS COMESThis comes in a tube.  You take off th seal and then you use the flip top to dispense the cream.TEXTUREThis cream is very thin and it can easily be squeezed out too quickly if you are not careful.  Once applied, it is not sticky or tacky and absorbs in pretty quickly.SMELLThere is a minty menthol smell, but it is not too bad compared to some creams.DOES IT HELP?I get about an hour or two of relief after using this.  I primarily use this at night and it does help me sleep a bit.  It does not seem to work longer than two hours tops, but I am thankful for anything.THE BOTTOM LINEThis cream helps me get an hour or two of relief at night from pretty intense pain.  It does not burn or give me problems but is a bit thin so you have to be cautious.MY RATINGFOUR STARS.  If this was just a little bit thicker, it would be easier to use.  Other than that, it is pretty good stuff.  It is too expensive to waste by spilling out by accident.
I originally got this when I was going to use it in my sewing room.  Things changed and it made its way into a storage area in my living room.  Finally I brought it out, set it up and have been using it ever since.FLOOR STANDThis has a heavy floor stand and it works well to hold the lamp steady.LIGHT CONTROLThe controls go from high to medium and off.  It is easy to hit the rocker switch sitting in a chair.LIGHT QUALITYThis light is fantastic quality.  I can see well when doing artwork, knitting, or sewing.  The colors are true and vivid and contrast is excellent.NECKThe only wear that this has had is the neck cover cracked.  It does not affect operation of the light, however.BULBI am still on the original bulb, but bought a backup in case.THE BOTTOM LINEThis light is fantastic.  It works great, provides fantastic light and is my go to for artwork, sewing, or knitting.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I would buy this again no problem if it is the same quality is the one I have now.
When I first got this, I expected it to be brown like other products from these sources.HOW THIS COMESThis comes in a large plastic bottle.  There is a seal on top that needs to be removed.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?Instead of brown like other products made from these sources, this is clear.  There is no flavor or scent.  Shaking it up does not seem to change that.FLAVOR?No flavor.HOW TO TAKEI take a teaspoon of this once a day in the morning in a small cup of water.DOES IT DO ANYTHING?I seem to see a bit of support in energy, sleep, and overall.  I am taking this in the dead of winter where it has been near zero for almost a month straight.  I am usually dragging and very tired and worn during this period.  I have been taking this along with a few supplements and I am doing remarkably well.THE BOTTOM LINEThis supplement seems to be supportive through a very difficult cold and dry winter.  I am usually tired, but taking this, I am not.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  This seems to be working for me.  I am not sure why there is no flavor or color, but it is helping somewhat so I will finish the bottle.
I was very interested to try this supplement as I like to take most of what is in the pills for immunity especially during the stressful winter months.  I did not realize that a bottle only lasts 10 days if taken as directed.SIZEThe pill size is standard and not hard to swallow.ODORThe odor of the pills is not excessive or intense.DIGESTIVE ISSUESI had no issues with burping, upset stomach, or other digestive problems when taking this.HOW I TOOK THISI took this as two capsules a day when I was feeling a bit under the weather.DID IT HELP?I did see that it helped me just by taking 2 capsules in a day.HOW IS THIS SUPPOSED TO BE TAKEN?I was shocked when I read the instructions to take SIX capsules a day which amounts to this bottle only lasting 10 days.  That means at $20 a bottle (at the time of this review) that you would be paying $60 a month to take this supplement.  I am not sure it is worth that.COUNTRY OF ORIGIN?This says on the bottle that it is manufactured FOR a place in FL and FORMULATED in the US, but it does not say where it is actually made that I can find on the bottle.THE BOTTOM LINEAlthough this helped me some at a lesser dose than recommended, if taken as it says, it is pretty expensive.  I am not sure it is worth it to get 3 bottles a month.MY RATINGTHREE STARS.  Although it does work, it is a bit high priced and the bottle contains so little compared to monthly recommendations, I can not rate this higher than 3 stars.
I am always on the lookout for some good mangesium powders.  I use them at night before I go to sleep.HOW THIS COMESThis comes in a glass jar and is well packed.FULL?The jar in the photo was taken after I only took two scoops of product.  The fill line is about where the top of the yellow label is.  It really should be a bit fuller than it was.EASY TO TAKE?This is not difficult to take.  It is warm water to activate and then add cool water to drink it.FLAVOR?I did not find the flavor offensive.  Some of the magnesium drinks have lots of stevia which makes me gag.  This one was not like that for me at all.  It is actually pleasant to take uncluttered with sweetners.DOES IT HELPThis is really helpful to relax me at night.THE BOTTOM LINEThis powder is pleasant to take.  It is not cluttered with stevia or other additives.MY RATINGFIVE STARS. I am thrilled to have this without lots of extra flavors and enhancers added.  I only wish it was a little fuller.
I have been taking Carnitine capsules to help with Fibro pain.  Let's see how these worked.HOW THESE COMEThese come in an orange plastic bottle with an orange childproof cap.  The pills inside are pressed white powder.ARE THEY HARD TO SWALLOW?These tablets are a bit on the long side, but they are not too big to swallow, if you are sure to have a lot of water in your mouth.ANY BAD REACTIONS?I have not had any burping, or bad digestive reactions to these.DO THEY HELP?I find that taking these does help with fibro pain and energy about as well as the powder in gel caps that I normally take.  They do help take a bit of the edge off of the pain.THE BOTTOM LINEThese tablets are not the same as the powder in capsules I usually take but they seem to work as well to help with fibro pain and energy levels.  The orange bottle is great to help me find it quickly.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I am glad that I got these.  I was not sure when I first saw them, but after taking them, I think they work pretty well.
I have had some serious stress this past year (in addition to everything else we all have experienced).  It has taken a toll on my body.  I decided to start working out slowly to regain muscle mass and strength again.  I figured that this would help avoid some of the pain involved.JARThe jar is a decent size.  It is not oversized like so many of them.  It is filled up completely and comes with a scoop.DOSAGEI scoop is recommended daily first thing in the morning and then post workout if you work out that day.  The scoop looks to be about a teaspoon.FLAVORThere is no flavor at all to this.  Stirring it in water does not add anything in flavor to the water in my experience.DOES IT MIX IN WELL?This mixes in very well.  I did not get any problems with lumping or anything left undissolved in the glass.DOES IT HELP?I have not experienced extreme pain while taking this.  I have not had any remarkable results, however either.  Usually I would be in a lot of pain when working out, but this seems to take the edge off.  I am not a body builder, however, so my progress is slow on purpose more for rehab type of muscle building.DIGESTIVE ISSUES?I have had no issues while taking this so far.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is easy to take, has not flavor, seems to help take the edge off and comes in a decently small jar.MY RATINGFIVE STARS. I give it five stars because it seems to help some, is flavorless as stated, and it does not have any additives either.  It is a bit pricey, but then again, you are not paying for fillers either.
I love fresh wheatgrass juice.  Sometimes, however, I can not get the wheatgrass so I am limited to what I can find that is available like this.  Let's take a look.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This is a WHEATGRASS JUICE powder.  That is important because you are not getting all of the fiber like wheatgrass powder has which tastes awful.  It is a bright green and needs to be kept sealed in the foil bag it came in.HOW TO USE IT?I have found the best way to use wheatgrass is alone.  In absolute dire necessity fresh apple juice will go with it, but anything else tends to give an upset stomach.  I put a tsp of powder in a small glass of water, put it in my tiny cordless blender, blend it up and drink it.HOW DOES IT TASTE?As much as I prefer fresh wheatgrass juice, this is a decent substitute.  I did not find it repulsive or difficult to drink and it is a pretty green color too.  Some might find the flavor a bit over whelming, but I like it.DOES IT HELP?Believe it or not, it does help some.  Not as much as fresh juice, but it still does perk me up a bit.OTHER USE?I use a tiny bit of juice in our cat's homemade food on the winter time.  That way she is getting some greens but not in an overwhelming amount.  She loves it.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is a great way to get wheatgrass juice if you don't have any way to get fresh.  It should be kept sealed and consumed regularly until gone and kept in the refrigerator once opened to keep it fresher.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I am glad to have this and am surprised at how good it is compared to others I have had which I did not like.  I would buy it again.
I have always had sensitive teeth since I was a kid.  Finding toothpaste that is good for sensitive teeth, tastes good, and cleans well is not always easy.  This time, I think I found a winner!WHAT IS THIS TOOTHPASTE LIKE?This toothpaste is not a white paste more of a paste gel.  It has a really nice mojito flavor that is not sweet but still tastes good at the same time.  There is a flip top on it and the tube is plastic.HOW DOES THIS PERFORM?I have used it for half the tube now and it seems to help with sensitive teeth.  I also feel that it cleans the teeth well too.THE BOTTOM LINEI like this toothpastegel.  It tastes good, is unusual, but seems to work well for my sensitive teeth.MY RATINGFIVE STARS so far.  This is a nice product.  I would probably buy again if it continues to perform well over time.  I have two more tubes to go through.  I will update if anything changes.
It has been a tough winter.  We have barely seen the sun for weeks at a time.  That has a tendency to make a person cranky and feeling more tired than normal.  I have been trying to get more fresh, raw, and green into my body to help counteract this winter problem.  Let's take a look at this..WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This is a pretty large foil sealed bag of barley juice powder.  Notice it says JUICE.  That is essential when you are taking barely green.  Some people think that buying ground up barlely greens is just as good- it isn't.  This is very bright green and smells VERY fresh.HOW DO I USE THIS?I do not put this into things, but I prefer to get some refrigerator cold water, put it in my tiny cordless blender, and put a teaspoon of this powder in.  I run it for one cycle which is barely a minute, and then I have the most luscious fresh green drink you can get without fresh greens.  There is a lovely layer of foam on it and it tastes heavenly.DOES IT REALLY TASTE THAT GOOD?I must preface this by saying that I have had varieties of green powders, fresh green drinks including fresh wheatgrass and kale smoothies.  I know what fresh juice from many greens tastes like as I have made them from time to time.  This powder is one of the best I have had since the days when I used to take Green Magma from Japan, which was one of the original barley juice powders.HOW DOES THIS COMPARE TO WHEATGRASS?This has a sweetness that is not quite as intense as wheatgrass juice is.  It is easier to drink in my opinion than wheatgrass.DOES IT MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE?I will say that using barley juice powder helps a lot to add energy to my day, helps me to sleep better and it does tend to detox.  I would recommend you start with a half teaspoon at first if you are not used to this kind of product.  Work up to a teaspoon.  It also does keep me regular and not feeling quite so wiped out in times of stress.DID I GET A DETOX REACTION?I eat really healthy, do I did not get a detox reaction, but I also made sure to start with half a teaspoon and work up to a teaspoon.  It is important to go slowly with this as it can be a bit much if you are not used to it.THE BOTTOM LINEThis has given me energy, a more positive outlook, helped me feel supplemented, and definitely is helping me through winter very well compared to not having it  This tastes fresh and makes a wonderful drink.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I will be buying this again.  I stopped getting barley juice powder because I just could not find a really good quality one.. until now.  (grins).
I have been trying to build up my system with minerals in my water, but not too long ago, I had a bout with the runs- the kind that leave you feeling rather exhausted after a day of running to the bathroom.  I noticed that I was feeling very ill and weak the next day or two, then it dawned on me.  I thought I would try this..WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This stuff is thickened in a bottle which has a twist of raspberry flavoring added.  It is not sweet, just has a raspberry essence.  There is no sweetener, and the dropper has measuring lines on it.HOW TO USE THIS?I was so run down when I got thinking about it, I remembered- you can easily get dehydrated when having "the runs".  I immediately got out this electrolyte mixture and put a small amount of this (like.25) into a very large glass of water.  I drank it down as gradually as I could and then through the day I added more water.By the end of the morning, I was feeling TONS better.  This really did help me rehydrate and feel better after being wiped out.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is not hard to take, has just a bit of raspberry flavor, but does help me to rehydrate when I really need help.  I experienced relief greatly after having a bout with "the runs"  I plan to use a little bit now and then to continue to rehydrate this winter.MY RATINGFOUR STARS.  I love that this helped me through a rough patch when I needed hydration.  I am torn between five and four stars for review.  I am VERY glad there is not heavy sweetener in this like so many things have.  I also am kind of unclear on ingredients or this company.  I also experienced good from it so far, so I am leaving it at FOUR STARS, but REALLY IT IS FOUR AND A HALF.
In my house we have a sock monster- who eats only one sock of every pair.  Then there is the mess monster.  He leaves a mess that no one knows anything about.  We also have another monster which has been frustrating me - the dustpan monster.  This monster not only makes dustpans disappear for months at a time, but when they come back, they have bites out of them or corners missing.  When I saw this, I was ecstatic.  Let's take a look.WHAT IS THIS SET LIKE?This set comes in a box of parts.  You have to put them together, but the instructions are easy to follow and loaded with pictures for those who are visual learners.  Once the set is assembled, you end up with a broom and a dustpan that clip together when not in use.HOW DOES THIS PERFORM?I have to say many brooms have left me wanting more.  This one, however, works just right.  It is not the BEST broom I have ever used, but it is definitely way better than many of them.  The cleaning feature of the dustpan is fantastic.  It really works.DOES THE DUSTPAN LEAVE DIRT ON THE FLOOR?If I press down the dustpan lightly, I find that 95% of the dirt goes in the first time.  I might have to press down with my foot for very fine dirt, but for the most part, it works well.DOES THE DUSTPAN LOCK?The dustpan locks into place, but it also is not hard to press down to use either.  There is no release button, it is pressure activated.IS THERE A HOLE TO HANG THIS FROM?No, there is not a hole to hang this from.  You will have to use a clip broom hanger style to put this on the wall.DOES THIS STAND UP?When this is put together and the dustpan is up, the counterbalance of the broom causes this to stand up pretty well.THE BOTTOM LINEI am very happy to have this set.  I love the dustpan which seems to work quite well and also has the great cleaning feature for the broom bristles.  It definitely does clean off pet fur and dust.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I LOVE THIS SET.  I have looked for a long time for a set like this- but the best part is that it stores well and stands up nicely too- It is compact.
When it comes to winter, sometimes we don't always have access to the vegetables that we want to have.  I love to have juice, but sometimes it just is not possible to get fresh vegetables at times.  Having this powder is a great alternative.WHAT IS THIS POWDER LIKE?This powder comes in a great packaging which seems to keep the powder dry very nicely.  It is cut open and then you can reseal it.  The powder is raw beets, but is freeze dried so you HAVE to keep this closed at all times, before and after you access it.HOW DO I USE IT?I either put this in my vegetable juice that I make fresh and blend it in my hand blender, or if desperate, I add it to cold water and drink it in my mini blender.  I also have used it to make a Keto version of red forest cake which is OUT OF THIS WORLD, by the way.  You just have to add more liquid to counteract the powder.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a great way to get beet juice into your diet when vegetables are not handy, this is an excellent alternative.  The powder is easy to use, tastes fresh and mixes well either in fresh juice or water, or you can use it in recipes too.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I LOVE how versatile it is and between the juice and red forest keto cake, I am most likely going to keep this in my cupboard when I run out- I will buy more.
I am used to using a variety of different spirulina powders.  Let's take a look at this one.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This comes in a bag which is pretty good at insulating against moisture and air, if you open it correctly.  Just cutting below the plastic seal allows for enough room to re-zip the bag shut.THE POWDERThe powder inside is very fresh smelling.  I have had spirulina which tastes overwhelming and others which tastes almost gaggy.  This one, however, is not unpleasant like some I have had.SCOOPThis comes with a small scoop inside to measure for smoothies.TASTEI am not minding this one.  The last spirulina powder I had was a bit overwhelming for me.  This one does not take over the smoothies in the same way.  It is earthy in flavor but not repulsive.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a good raw source of spirulina for shakes, smoothies, baking, or supplementation this seems to be a bit nicer than some.  It does not taste bad and it comes with a measure scoop.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  One of my favorite spirulina powders so far that I have tried.  It is very fresh smelling.
I try to make a regular habit of having wheatgrass juice on a regular basis, but sometimes when I can not get fresh wheatgrass, it is nice to have alternatives.  Let's see how this measures up.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This wheatgrass powder is freeze dried.  It comes in a re-sealable bag which has a measuring cup inside.  It is a nice green color and smells nice, not as awful as some wheatgrass that I have used in the past in powder form.HOW DO I USE THIS?I have a little cordless blender which is a handheld one for one serving.  I put a cup of cold water in my blender and a scoop full of powder in with it.  I blend one or two cycles to make sure the lumps are gone and then I drink it.FLAVOR?This is not as good as fresh wheatgrass juice, but it is helpful to get fresh green juice into my diet.  It is not like dried grass like some other wheatgrass powders I have used which don't taste too great.  This one tastes a bit greener, if that makes sense.HOW SOON TO USE IT UP?Because this is freeze dried, I opt to put it into a glass jar with oxygen absorbers to seal it when not in use.  Freeze dried powder is important to either use up quickly (like a month or two) or seal it up as I have explained.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a good substitute for fresh wheatgrass if you have not got that option, this powder is handy.  I find it helpful to use in my personal cordless blender to boost energy and get green juice into my diet when fresh is not available.MY RATINGFive stars.  One of the better wheatgrass powders I have tried over the years.  I would buy it again.
When it comes to stress, I think everyone is looking for a way to try to make those stressful times easier to deal with.  Ashwagandha has been a good way for many people to help deal with stress.  Let's see how this supplement has helped with that.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This powder comes in a resealable container with a measure scoop.  The powder is raw powdered herb.  The package says that this is often used for managing stress and supporting virility.  Let's see how this performed.HOW DID WE USE THIS?I put this in my smoothie a few times a week when I make them in the morning.  I have to say that I did see an increased ability to handle stress and also it did seem to boost virility too.IS IT EFFECTIVE?So far I am seeing a definite improvement in both things as laid out on the package.TASTESMELL?The smell and taste are not bad at all.  The taste is slightly bitter but not bad at all.  I find that it does not ruin smoothie flavor or leave awful aftertaste.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a well packaged powder that comes with a scoop, is great to add to sauces, food, smoothies, etc, this product seems to do what is says.MY RATINGFive stars.  I would definitely buy this again.  I like having it handy.  I plan to get my husband to start taking it daily too.  I will try it out in capsules too, but remember to drink plenty of water if you try that.
I am always looking for new natural supplements to put in my green smoothies.  We tend to eat more healthy around my house, so this looked really intriguing to me.  Let's see how it performed..WHAT IS THIS POWDER LIKE?This powder is green and comes in a foil re-sealed package.  It also comes with a little scoop to measure with.ODOR?This has very little odor.TASTE?This does taste like gooseberries without the severe tart twist that our bushes of gooseberries have.HOW DOES IT PERFORM IN SMOOTHIES?I find that using a scoop in a Vitamix sized smoothie is not enough to alter the taste so much that people won't drink it.  This powder ads a bit of a twist to the smoothie that I find refreshing.  It is not that bad and if I dip my finger in the powder and eat it, it is almost a buttery slightly tart feeling.ANY REACTIONS?We have had no bad reactions to this.  As for vitamin C, in the winter, I love having this available to put in smoothies as Vitamin C tends to be REALLY sour in nature.  This is far nicer to have.  Keep in mind it is only a tiny bit of Vitamin C and not therapeutic amounts.  This is not for battling sickness.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a nice natural additive to smoothies or other foods that increase nutritional content but don't overwhelm taste, this is a nice powder.  I have enjoyed using it for quite a few weeks now.MY RATINGI am giving this four stars.  It is pleasant tasting and not overwhelming and I like including it in smoothies.
Sometimes you get a pair of shoes that just is not comfortable.  The base of the shoe where the ball of the foot is, can be too thin and it can be hard on the feet.  These pads do seem to help, but let's take a closer look.WHAT ARE THESE PADS LIKE?These pads are for the ball of the foot.  They have a place for the area under the toes so you know where to put them.  The backing is a type which will hold into place pretty well.  It can be washed and reused.  The cushion has some flock on it which keeps it soft instead of overly rubbery.HOW DO THESE PERFORM?So far, I have a pair on one of my shoes.  The pad did make the shoe slightly tighter, but that pair had the room.  If the shoes are really fitted, they could make it too tight.  The pad did not seem to slide around that much and so far they have been good. If I am not careful, however, they will slide.FUTURE UPDATES?I will continue to test them in other shoes, however and update my review if I have anything to add.THE BOTTOM LINEFor reusable pads for the ball of the foot in some shoes that just are too hard, these are nice.  They will make the shoes tighter, so you need to have room for them.MY RATINGSo far four stars. They stay pretty well in place, but can shift a bit if you are not careful.
It worked for me while cutting down hedges! Has a pleasant smell and is very creamy. I love it!
I ordered the 'Dental Duty Teeth Whitening Kit With 14 Non-Slip Whitestrips & Whitening Accelerator Light' for review.  I have had the opportunity to review several other whitening kits recently and this one by far has given my wife the best results.  She has completed six 20-minute sessions and already has had significant results.  Her additional thoughts:• Compared to whitening pens or other trays, these are much easier to use.  You simply open the strips, place the larger strip on your top teeth and the smaller strip on your bottom teeth.  Be sure to get all the way down to your gums and press the strip to adhere closely to your teeth.  Then insert the light into the mouth tray and turn it on.• The light has an automatic shut off at 10 minutes.  Just turn it back on once or twice dependent on the time you want to continue whitening.  I would not recommend nor does the instructions recommend any longer than a half hour.• You do need to open the battery compartment to remove the paper between the two batteries to use it.• The photos show her before pic along with after the first use and then after 6 uses.  The pictures were taken in the same spot in the house at the same time of day without a flash.• Because these are strips versus a gel, you do not have anything draining into your mouth while you are whitening.  Once you turn off the light and remove the tray there is some saliva mixed with white foam.  She did not gag as much as with the gels.• It may be too early to tell but, at this point this product has not caused any additional sensitivity to her teeth.• This kit is less expensive then many other less comparable whitening kits.Overall, my wife is happy with the results she has seen already.  She is looking forward to finishing a complete week. Once she does I will update my review with new after pictures.
I had the opportunity to review the Sytmhoe Sleep Mask for Men Women.  My wife travels to Alaska for work and she can have a difficult time sleeping during the summer when it does not get dark.  Plus, purple is her favorite color.  She took them recently on a trip and these were her thoughts:• The mask will block out the light if you get it adjusted on your face correctly.  However, when I had full coverage, the elastic band was folded uncomfortably behind my ears.  When I would move it for better comfort, the light would shine through.• They are well padded and comfortable on the face.• The stitching is well done.  The adjustable band is reinforced to keep it secured and lessen the change of it tearing off.• It is contoured so it does not sit flat on her eyes.  She does not wake up with mangled eyelashes.• The elastic band has Velcro to adjust its length for a better fit.Overall, this is a well-made sleep mask for the price.  My wife will use it when she needs to, but not on a regular basis at night of how the band fits too close to her ear.
I ordered this set of Pill Case - 2 Pack Portable Travel Medicine and Vitamins Organizers. for review as my wife travels for work.  They are very well made.  The purple and pink are very pretty light colors.  It is compact enough to throw into her carry on bag or purse.  The main downfall to this case is that because it is compact 4 of the slots are 12 slots and don't always hold a full days supplements.  The compartments each have their own lids, which snap down tightly.  This is a plus in my book, because some of the compact pill carriers we have used,  are at times segmented but only have one snap lid over all the compartments.  Making it difficult to just get one day's dose from them.  My wife will have to take both of these when she travels in order to hold both her night and morning medications and supplements.  Overall, well made, just a little too compact for my wife.  Which may not be a bad thing for others.
I'm giving this product three stars, primarily due to the fact it is a knee scooter. And the pad where you put your knee is not very much padding at all in fact it's a willful attempted being a good pad and the covering that covers that is even worse. With very little use my wife having had foot surgery, the pad felt inadequate to begin and degrades very rapidly, and the fake leather whatever the covering is on it is made of is like starting to crack and maybe as durable as a wet paper towel maybe.That's the bad stuff now the good stuff is in terms of mobility and functionality this thing offers quick release adjustment on the handlebars which is far far superior to most of the other brands which you have to take the pin all the way out unscrew it all the way take it all the way out adjust the handlebars and then you have to store it somewhere not very Mobile in my opinion so this one's light years ahead of all of those.  Overall I have to say compared to what else is on the market this thing is a pretty good value for the money but it still leaves a lot to be desired. Having said that it is the one that we finally purchased. Similar to how we vote in the United States, sadly we had to choose between the better piece of garbage.
Yeah it works. Not much to it, I enjoy it; and it’s actually kind of soothing.Good price, easy to clean. You get 2
I have allergies to long haired dogs and evergreens. This is a natural allergy medicine that works wonders. I have been dog sitting at my friends house who has a long haired dog and Nettle has made it possible to still breathe. Thank you Nature’s Way!
Nature's Benadryl with no side effects! Gotta love it! It just works
Used it for less than two months and it died!DO NOT BUY!!!
I did not like the curler, and had difficulty with it, however the Customer Service of the company was spectacular.  I believe more people have  had good success with it and if it looks appealing try it.
This is an edited review that includes my most recent experiences with these really very good insoles.  My rating  remains the same.  It would be 5 stars with increased forefoot cushioning.1.  First a note about sizing.I wear size 10 extra wide sneakers.  I purchased a pair L - Women's 11-12.5 | Men's 10-11.5.  These were too long and too wide.  I cut them down to size.  In cutting them down to size, I had to assure that I cut them down to be no bigger than other insoles that I knew fit well in my shoes.2.  FunctionThe RooRuns insoles are functioning better than all other brands of arch support insoles I have used and continue to use. Every other insole I've used, besides RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles, has the apex of the arch support hitting the forward part of my heal bone.  I've seen an image from an insole manufacturer indicating that that is by design.  I believe I would be much more comfortable if the apex were about a quarter inch further forward.  And, that's where the cut-down-to-size RooRuns insoles have the arch apex!I also bought a two pairs of  size M - Women's 9-10.5 | Men's 8-9.5.  These fit my shoes without need for cutting for size.  The arch apex of the size M insoles are significantly more forward of all the non-RooRuns insoles , but just short of the position of the RooRuns size L insoles.  I've done three 4+ mile runs and several long walks with RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles, with the size M and the size L insoles, and my feet felt much much more comfortable than when I've used insoles from other manufacturers.  And, so have my knees.  The size L insoles are slightly more comfortable than the size M insoles.All the RooRuns Plantar Fasciitis Arch Support Insoles could use more cushioning for the forefoot.  Thus, my rating is below 5 stars.
I've been using probiotics for some time, they definitely offer benefits to digestion. These gummies are a tasty and effective way to improve your gut health. 5 billion cfus. Recommended.
Trying to find a way to incorporate apple cider vinegar into our diets, what could be easier than gummies? They taste good and they're effective.
Solid construction and efficient. This ear and nose trimmer does a nice job of trimming without any pulling or risk of injury. It's not terribly loud, either. Recommended.
Nice bath brush has brush and scrungie thing. Sturdy plastic handle makes it fully waterproof and easy to reach where it needs to.
All natural formula. Each "serving" contains 40 billion cfu (a serving is 2 capsules) - they promise a minimum potency of 20 billion could by the expiration date. Theres 60 capsules in the bottle. The probiotics strains listed (there are 4 of them) seem to be similar to others with names like bifidobacterium andclactobacillus, etc. The difference in this product being the "Macktrek bi-pass technology", which appears to refer to the specific blend and how it survives into your system. The capsules are easy to swallow gel caps and they're defined as "shelf stable", the bottle i got has an expiration date approximately 5 months from when I received them.
CoQ10 is an anti-oxident that's produced by your body, but that decrease as we age. Taking suppliments is supposed to help maintain heart health as well as blood pressure, among other things. This formula touts itself as being water dissolvable and therefore has 3 times the absorption, so the 100 mg gel caps should be more effective than comparable brands. So far, it appears to be exactly as described, though sometimes it's difficult to tell with suppliments such as these. They're considered safe and have health benefits beyond even the heart health (which is enough).
This powder is a natural herb that touts benefits to your liver, including detoxification. In addition, it's supposed to contain lots of antioxidants, and antiinflamatort agents. It's a fine brown powder with a very slight earthy taste. I tried mixing it with some iced tea and ended up with lots of clumps... I think a better way to use this might be to sprinkle it on a salad, or if you were actually blending a drink like a smoothie.
Well we had to return it because it was horribly painful to place my shin on and then in pain, very hard to operate. A walker is easier!
Didn't seem to do anything for me.
Hate that I assumed by the reviews these would actually be a quality product... But the lint left after wiping and the weak quality of the Parent's choice line has left me disappointed. Equate, Pampers and Huggies are a far better value.
I found that this traction device is of the utmost highest quality than all the rest. Also if you have any questions you can contact the company and they will assist you.  My surgery liked it so good the he was going to recommend it to his other patients.  It is easy to adjust up and down and very comfortable as much as traction can be. I have tried several others and this is by far the best for a soft traction device.
Cheap flimsy plastic. I threw them away.
This was fine except for two things:1.  It's thicker than I thought.  It would not fit in the side pocket of my purse.2.  The one I received, the top open too easily.  Just a baby bump against the closure and out popped all of my pills.So I returned this item.
Smells nice but total ripoff $7.99 for a 2.5oz....when you can get a 7oz bottle for a dollar more. My fault should've read teh description. PLUS the picture with all the bottles is misleading, you would think you were getting 6-7 mini cans for $7.99.. But again my fault..
I like this product but when these arrived all of them sprayed out of the side of the nozzle rather than where it’s meant to spray out of. I didn’t realize until it was too late that it was spraying into my automatic sprayer and both of them broke because of it.Amazon was great about it and gave me my money back, though.
Exactly as described. Both table cloths were thin plastic but they held up just fine throughout the party. Worked out great!
Along with an autoimmune diet this probiotic is really helping me treatreverse my autoimmune disease.
This works better than the more expensive drops, I don't know why it just does...I only add these drops per serving of whatever I am eatdrinking right then.For myself, there is a certain number of drops per cup in coffee in a serving of that it will &#34;cancel&#34; out the caffeine, I don't go over 3 drops per 32 oz cup coffee in morning coffee. I can not taste these drops in anything-hot beverages, silk milk, ice tea (grnblk), fruit juices, waters, soups, stews- it &#34;smooths out&#34; alka seltzer plus, soda pop and mixed drinksliquor; there is still a good amount of the fizz...just removes the harshness- the &#34;edge.&#34; I keep this squeeze bottle on my kitchen counter.There is much info that comes with this purchase on the box, etc.
These pads work well for general face cleaning.  They are a bit too harsh for my eyes.
It's ok.  If you are a senior and have Medicare, you can get a script and go and get it done by a professional therapist.
Not for me. Stomach upset.
This products works as the most effective pre-soaking stain removal for me.  I have tried many and this wins hands down
Great product for the price. Works great.
i feel like this is the perfect contour pillow, because it lowers your heads and provide perfect support to your neck. i love the design of it, i wake up feeling alot more active while using this pillow. The only bad thing about this pillow is, it has a very strong chemical smell, it wont go away for a good 24 hours. i would highly recommend if you order this particular pillow please dont sleep on the night it arrive, let it air out for at least 2 days.Hope this helps :)
Its not bad...I needed something for my shoulders and back when my husband wasn't home to rub them :)I get pain in my upper back and shoulders and this does seem to help a little bit.
Lots of neck pain is eased with this friend.
exactly what I needed and the week box was an added bonus!  Thanks
My favorite artificial sweetener since I found it in Hong Kong 35 years ago. Convenient and easy and 1200 tablets seem to last forever. Although it contains saccharin, no nasty bitter aftertaste.
These files are the best for keeping your nails smooth and well groomed.  These I bought as a gift for my sister. Be careful not to drop them on a hard surface--glass breaks!
Delicious and nutritious. These help me feel better and taste fantastic. Pineapple flavor. But not overpowering.
My washing machine is sparkling clean now! Fantastic product!
These are our family favorite for bathroom wipes. Happy with the 12 pack we got.
Fast results that are clear. No dye run issues.
My husband bought me a pair of these I had saved to our list. As some other reviewers have said, they fit phenomenally. I have small ears and have a difficult time finding earplugs or earbuds that fit. Usually they will pop out or hurt my ears. These for just right and I can wear them for hours without any problems. I liked mine so much I ordered these for my mom. She has the same issues with earplugs and earbuds, but adores these. Thanks so much!
I like the idea that it's natural, I'm able to stave off hunger with only 3 per day!! And I'm eating healthier!
After one month, I started to feel more energized and better appetite as well.
This works very well.
I like this product. Works well.
Great product.
Very good product.
This is a repeat purchase, It seems to work well for me.
Helps with my wife reaching the shower head.
It keeps me fresh and clean no matter where I decide to go
I use this and nonstick pads instead of Band-Aids. I have bad reactions to the adhesives on Band-Aids and this tape saves me everytime. Easy to cut the shape you need.
The toe straighteners are thickly padded and large for my feet anyway. I had to trim them because they stick out beyond my toes and I cannot get my socks on. You definitely have to have wide shoes to wear these. Not sure I would purchase them again.
Does the Job.
Great, soft brush! My skin is very sensitive, I can't use abrasive soaps and brushes. This brush is just perfect, and it creates a really nice lather, too! I haven't had it long, but it seems to be sturdy and hopefully it will be long lasting.
spring cleaning, major cleaning, this will hold up to 2 of the of other one. Personally a better deal. Still not sure it will handle the mold too well but there are cleaners for that lol I'm impressed I've given some to neighbors
I apologize for not saying so sooner.. My fibromyalgia has good days and bad. It is also extremely hot down here so I try not to be on Amazon too long because I spent too much money lol But truly it is a beautifully crafted piece. I use t for head piece during full moon rites but I do love it. I plan to take a peek around your shop soon. TY
Really great size. Because there are 4 sections,  even if you take LOTS caps, there is so much room
People always comment on how good it smells.
I've heard a lot about the benefits of apple cider vinegar so I decided to give these a try. They taste good and are very easy to chew. I haven't noticed any ill effects from taking them, and they do seem to help suppress appetite (not majorly so, but less cravings). However, these gummies are very tacky to the touch and very difficult to get out of the bottle as they stick together and are very soft. I've tried hitting it against something to try to shake them out, but that doesn't work very well. Digging them out can present a challenge since they're so soft.
All right, these are rather pricey for only 14 days worth of probiotics, hence the not perfect review. But then again, you should only need them when you have some sort of stomach upsettake antibioticsspecial circumstances. Overcoming a nasty case of bronchitis, I decided to give these a try when I came off the meds. They seemed to work, they're easy to swallow and they don't need to be put in the fridge (but keep from extreme heat).
The quality of tea from this sellerbrand, Starwest is really good (having tried it from friends in the past and a brew made at one hotel). But how much product I received was very disappointing.For the record, this is my first & ONLY time order from the sellerbrand directly because they basically ripped me off in such a way. I love love LOVE their Lemon Balm tea, since my friends buy from Starwest and had me try it one time! This tea during the pandemic has awesome anti-bacterical properties so I had to stock up on some since some things seem to be scarce now & days.However, for the $14+ I was charged for this, you can see from my pictures that the packaging was never opened and look on how much tea product I was given. And this is a BIG BAG. What is the point of having it in a big bag when you will barely fill it or package it right.Please buy Lemon Balm tea elsewhere. While the taste and quality matters, so should the quantity you pay for.
Works great for aches and pains
Mostly baking soda with almost no mint flavor. But they don’t dissolve. You could just travel with a baggie of baking soda for the same experience.  Very disappointing.
It’s Biz. Works great
I hate cardboard Emery boards and I don't like the way the glasscrystal boards feel either. This is a great alternative to those and I find this much easier to clean as well. Feels comfortable in my hand and gets the job done on my nails. Definitely my favorite nail file.
When growing up, we often had a battery bag, which contained batteries of various sizes and makes which had been pulled from electronics or opened battery packages and were "still good" in one way or another. I am a creature of order, however, and such slap-dash methods are no longer satisfactory to me, especially since there is the possibility of a circuit being created in there between cells of various sizes and charges.This is a far more elegant solution. I have these sorts of holders for every kind of battery I own, and they are all neatly stored in a ziplock bag in a box. I always know exactly how many batteries I have and thus when I need to order more. The cells are kept isolated from one-another and in tight formation. I even keep a couple in my hiking pack - no digging around the bottom of the bag for a stray AAA attempting an escape.If I am giving someone a gift which requires batteries, I will usually include a holder like this with it, filled with the appropriate type of lithium cells. The presentation is on-point and it ensure that not only can they use the gift immediately, but can continue to use it for the next couple years or so.The build quality is good, the batteries are easy to insert and remove, and the clear plastic leaves no question as to how many cells are in the holder and what sort of cells they are.Would recommend.
I like to keep a few of these on hand to through in my backpack as backups for my flashlight. When I give flashlights as gifts, I will also typically include a full caddy of replacement batteries; it looks neat and orderly and will keep the recipient at full power for a year or two. The caddies are nice even for basic storage since they prevent the batteries from wandering all over the place and protect them from coming into accidental contact with metal or each other.I've been using these for about five years now and will continue to use them moving forward. Would recommend.
Excellent poduct, very good delivery time.
Works well.
They help me get the lint off of my husband & my clothes. I can't find the lint filter on my washing machine so we have a lot of lint.
 Seems like a good size pill - I don’t think it would be too hard to swallow and it does appear smaller than other vitamin pills I’ve seen beforeBenefits should be reviewed with your doctor and you should check with them to make sure that these are going to benefit youOverall I think these are nice. Hopefully they’re beneficial to you
 Seems like a nice toothbrush setI like the design and felt it was easy to holdSeems to be a pretty standard Toothbrush and I’d say is comparable to others I’ve used beforeOverall I think this is adequate and would meet expectations
Seems easy to use.  red light therapy was recommended to me by a friend because I have back pain.  Trying this out to see how it worksThe design seems simple and I think it’s simple to operate.  Time will tell how fast the pain is reduced but I’m willing to give it a shot and seeOverall I think it’s nice and pretty easy to use
 This is a nice set.  each little ball comes individually wrapped which makes it much safer to use and handle.I got them for my garage.  Trying to make sure any rodent stays out.  Also got the ultrasonic rodent repellent which works nicely in conjunction
This is a really nice unit for back pain!  I was in a car accident a few years ago.  I’ve bought tons of back braces over the years, massage tools, and other items to help back pain.  I’d definitely put this in the top three of the items that have provided pain relief.It’s very easy to use.  Set the base up, put the device on top of it.  Then just turn it on.  I let it go on automatic mode and was happy with that.  My wife like the heat too.  Said it felt really good.We are very happy with this overall
For the price, I thought this was the big tube. It was tiny and expensive.  Look for a different brand
I had an expensive TENS unit the Dr prescribed via a medical supply company for years. I wasn't sure how well this would measure up after that one finally gave up after years and years of use but this one is AMAZING and even better!!
Love it! Easy to use; tastes & smells great! ❤️
 Personally,  I hate seeing a review for a supplement from someone who has only used it a couple of times.  It's not long enough to determine if it really works or if there are significant side effects.  I actually took these for a full month before recording my experience.  Overall,  it was a positive one.I  have a spinal cord injury and like many wheelchair users, I have a problem with muscle spasms.  Using a magnesium supplement has worked better than muscle relaxers and without all of the nasty side effects.  This is a lower dosage than I usually use,  but the absorption is better apparently because it works just as well.  It's also a good choice if you are starting out.  It's not a high enough dose to cause digestive problems.
I bought these for a pair of dressy shoes.  I usually wear the smart,  but old looking orthopedic shoes, but these were too darn cute to pass up.  I really needed some more support, but I honestly didn't expect a lot from these.  Even though they look simple, they actually help a lot.  They are very easy to use.  Simply stick them wherever you need them on the sole of the shoe with the preapplied adhesive.  The set includes 3 different colors,  but I really like the clear ones.  You can barely even see them.
Before I became disabled,  I was a massage therapist.  Since I have to wear splints on my fingers, I needed something that could help me with trigger points and acupressure.  This is the perfect solution.  It's strong,  but the edges are smooth so it doesn't dig in or scratch the skin.  If you are into the healing power of crystals, you might be happy to learn that rose quartz is great for self love and beauty which makes it perfect for a self care pampering routine.
 I bought these for my sister who is a practicing Wiccan.  She likes to use crystals in her craft, but I thought these would be good for spell jars.  They are presorted into little glass bottles so you don't have to pick through the lot to get to what you need.  The jars are labeled and have a cute little cork as a stopper.  The gems themselves are small enough chips for even tiny spell jars.  They are polished so you don't have to worry about  sharp edges.
I have used sea moss Gummies before,  but I must admit that I was a little scared to try the real thing.  Since I like to keep my diet in the raw as much as possible,  I decided to give this a shot.  Honestly,  it's basically tasteless.  It has a very faint oceany flavor that I barely notice.  If I put it in a smoothie,  I don't notice it at all.  The texture reminds me of chia seed jam.  It works really well as a thickener in smoothie bowls and pudding. If you are gluten free,  it's a good way to thicken soups as well.  The serving size is very low so this bag should last a long time.
I have a brain injury which has effected my short term memory.  I thought this might help and so far it has.  I feel like it is easier to concentrate and my memory has improved.  I haven't noticed any side effects.
Probiotics are important for digestion and immune health,  but they can get pricey.  These are reasonably priced and seem to work the same as my regular brand.
I was a little concerned about this because I have never used this brand before.  I am so glad I gave it a shot,  because  it works really well.  It's strong and easy to shape around my bowls.  I will buy more soon.
I love baths so I was excited to try this.  It's so cool to see it dissolve and make a bunch of bubbles.  I really like the scent.  It smells so fresh and clean because of the essential oils.
I like the convenience of gummies since my son can't swallow pills.  He likes the flavor.
I bought this for my son who is on the autism spectrum.  I was concerned that he wasn't getting is teeth completely clean everywhere.  Unfortunately,  this doesn't really work.  It barely moves and feels awkward.  I feel like it was a huge waste of money.
I am a big believer in aromatherapy so I decided to try this one out.  It smells amazing and it has helped me relax into a deep sleep.  It's very convenient to just spray it on my sheets before bedtime.  I will definitely order again soon.
They aren't exactly bad tasting,  but they are very strange.  It's like eating peas that have the same texture of matzo crackers.  It's messing with my mind and taste buds because I keep expecting to taste chips, not peas.  Maybe they will grow on me.
My hubby said &quot;wow my back feels incredible &quot; &quot;it feels so clean&quot; . I suppose it is safe to assume he really liked these back scrubbies. I like the size and you can easily stretch them to clean and then they go back. They don't take up a lot room. Hang easy on a suction cup hook. Fast to dry. Tight weave but not stiff. Knotted on both ends with loops to hold onto. Great quality. We usually buy the regular bath poufs but these easily fold to use all over the body. My toddler thinks they are hilarious and tries to wash with them. They are gentle enough for his skin even though they clean well. No funky smell when I opened them. 6 pack is very economical and these will store fine under the sink until needed. If you find it hard to lean down trying to wash feet you can use these also with the loops. Just stand on one end and rub bottom of foot on it. My hubby has a bad knee so this works for one leg. I received this item free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I receive no other offer or deal or compensation.  Thanks.
These filters are small must only be for kids masks
Stay's heated all day long, I wear it almost everyday, great product! No more store brought disposal heating padspatches. Wish it came in larger sizes.
After weighing 250 pounds for the last six years--including during periods when I ate less andor increased my exercise and lost NO weight, I have dropped to 230 in only three months using MCG. I eat whatever I want--although I am dramatically less hungry than I ever used to be and I have virtually no cravings for sweets (unheard-of for me) and I am not exercising at all. Just as a matter of documentation, I'm 46 and 6'4.I have 30 more pounds to lose, and the only reason this is a four-star review instead of a 5-star review is that my weight loss does appear to have stopped. It's been difficult to find clear guidance on whether it's safe to take more of the supplement, and if so, how much more, and that, too, is frustrating. I don't know anything about other brands of this stuff, although I saw a Consumer something or other report in which a couple of the other &#34;top&#34; brands were found by laboratory analysis to have either less or NONE of the active ingredient in them. This particular brand was not included in that study at all.I'm not brand loyal by any means--I don't give a darn who makes it and am more than happy to switch if I find a cheaper manufacturer--but I have stuck with Miracle because it worked at least this far (and I still have three bottles left).To those who tried this and had no benefit, I don't know what to say other than that I am sorry for your lack of results. I regularly eat steak, chicken, salmon and halibut, rice, homemade pasta, quality cheese, organic fresh fruits and veggies, dry roast almonds, homemade ice cream and homemade cherry pie (a no sugar added recipe for the latter) and I drink about 2 cups of Twining's Green Tea every day. As I said about, I find I'm hungry for (and thus just comfortably eat) much less of these foods at eat sitting than ever before, and have been happy to do so. The supplement is expensive, but I have saved a ton of money taking dinner leftovers to work for lunch the next day.Assuming I continue to have curbed cravings and reduced appetite, and assuming my weight loss resumes soon, I really couldn't be happier. It's hard for me to imagine that this is just a fluke, after trying to budge my weight unsuccessfully for six years and then lose 20 pounds in 90 days. Will it all come back ifwhen I stop taking the supplement? Is the supplement safe to take long-term to keep my weight down, if the cravings return? As far as I can tell, nobody knows yet.If anybody cares, I'll be happy to post an update as time continues to pass. Today is May 25, 2014.
Each mint is about 7mg of caffeine, but it feels much more powerful than that! I'm not sure which flavor I like more, they are all very good.
These make great gifts! Love the lavender scent and the bombs are a nice size too. They last a bit and make your bath a relaxing spa. The tops have little lavender buds which is a nice touch.
I love these silicone face scrubbers. These are larger than other ones I've used so they're great for cleaning your face easily. Gentle and effective, I suggest giving them a try if you've never used them before.
I've never used a water flosser before but wanted to try one. So glad I did. This flosser has a good size reservoir for one cleaning. Has all the attachments you need for various purposes. Works great and happy with this particular product. It's also easy to charge and can be transportable.
The four pack of bamboo bath sponges are a great deal. I go through a few every year and this four-pack will keep me stocked. Soft mesh and shower gel foams up nicely when using. They have a nice ribbon to hook them for draining.
I'm stocking up on all immune boosters from here on out! Elderberry gummies are at the top of my list and these gummies have echinacea as well to boost immunity. Love the gummies since they taste good and are super easy to chew for the kids as well. I am convinced after using them through cold and flu season that they really do help.
I love elderberry products and these gummies seem to help with fighting off colds and illness. My family takes them at the first sign of a cold and it really helps to keep the symptoms at bay. They also include vitamin C and zinc so you get a nice dose of protection. Easy to chew and tastes good too.
I just use a fully filled dropper in bottom of my larger piece. Works well! Can't complain :)
This is awesome! It plugs in so it has great power!
This item arrived on time and everything seems to be intact. The lid was a little hard to get off though. Trying to get a grip on the lid to unscrew it was a pain, I needed to get my rubber gripper out.
Baby wipes sure have improved since I used them on my daughter who is now an adult.  Many options are available now and there are noticeable differences among the offerings in the marketplace.  I prefer the  because I like the unscented variety, but these are very similar in form and function.  Having a powdery like scent, I imagine that these would remove lingering odors from the wiped body part and that's a good thing in many cases.  The wipe texture is similar but I think the  are a little moister than the Natural Clear wipes.  In any case, both of these Pampers products are outstanding and I'm sold on replacing the generic and store brands I've been buying for many years.  Wipes are usable for so many purposes other than baby's bottoms.  I use them for removing makeup in a professional setting and use them daily for my dog's face and legs.  I tend to use the unscented variety for people with sensitivities but doubt that these will react with most people.  Nevertheless, it's nice to have both options available right now.  As with the other Pampers wipes, these are packaged in an attractive and lightweight plastic with a sturdy heavier plastic cap that's easy to open and close.  It seals very well and I expect especially in this variety that the wipes will remain moist unless they are uncapped or kept in heat for an extended period of time.Despite Amazon's image showing a package labeled as containing 192 wipes and packages of 72 wipes each, these do indeed contain 64 nice sized wipes in each package.  I like these, too, and look forward to having a baby around here soon on which to use these as well.
The lamp works great, I've had no problems in nearly a year.  It is not heavy to move, as I do transport it from room to room, depending on where I'm going to do the needlework that benefits from this wonderful light.  For reading, it's terrific, too, but I really use it for delicate counted cross stitch projects which may incorporate as many as a hundred different colored threads, many of which are nearly impossible to distinguish from one another in any other light.  Between this and a magnifying glass which hangs from my neck, I'm all set and this even has the extra bonus of the little tray which holds eyeglasses, little scissors and a beverage.  I'd buy it again!
Batteries leaked within package.  Put in new Dracells.  Motor doesn't work.
Stem unscrews from bowl allowing for easy cleaning out of residue.
Fantastic sprayer! Fine mist and perfect amount. Great for travel. A+++++++!
I have used this product for the last 15 years. I mix 1 tsp with my fiber 2x daily for nutrients I may miss in food intake. Very pleased with this product.
I really love these sponges. I hope they never stop making them.
Love these.  I am a nurse and my arms get cold, but I am too hot with a full shirt.  These r perfect.  Look really nice and well made.  Highly recommended!!
Velcro failing already during couple of weeks use, Polyester material sticks to velcro and does not hold. Failing both sides. Comes off easy and can not wear any longer. I am not regular user, at an average once in a two days
I have athletes foot that appears without me going to a public place, and want to kill the fungi off of all my shoes.  I think this is a good step and good product.  We will see.  I am using this in my shoes regularly.  I don't spray them and then put them on, but wait until the next day.  I have also purchased "Ting" to put on my feet and other areas.  Fungi spores can live for a long time so this product is good for shoes, I think.  I say I think because it's not like I have done a scientific study or anything like that.
My wife said it smells like &#34;old man.&#34;  Not a great fragrance and rather strong.  But good at preventing body odor.
We used to wash our yoga mats in the bathtub.  It's not the easiest thing to do since they are long and one of them is super thick.  We used to then drape it over the bathtub to let it dry, which took a few hours.  I had no idea there was a yoga mat cleaner out there.  I was ordering a bar of soap from this company and when I added it to my cart, it showed suggestions for other products and this was one of them.  I decided to take a chance and order it since the reviews were good and it seemed to have non-chemical ingredients.  I would never use a traditional cleaner on the mat since our skin directly touches it and I didn't want the material of the yoga mat to deteriorate.  So when I got this, I tried it out on one section of the mat and it seemed to work great.  I got the non scented one since my husband would not be thrilled with his yoga mat smelling &#34;fruity&#34; or &#34;florally&#34;. I have now used it several times on both of our mats and this works great and is a much easier process than our original method of getting them clean.  I love that this comes with a cleaning cloth so I can just throw both of them in the workout bag instead of having to pack an extra towel.  This cleaner is amazing and has made our process so much easier!  Next time I might have to try one of the scented ones and just see if hubby notices.
We both likes this product, but, for us it was not thick enough.
you have to read the ingredients. i have been drinking this tea for three days. it has little if any  taste.  in respiratory distress, because i am allergic to oranges. i have hives in my throat, choking.from now on i will read the ingredients.
I was initially skeptical about this, thinking that it might leave white marks on my body or make my towel oily. But turns out it's super easy to apply after shower because of all the moisture still left on the skin. And it turns clear on the skin after applying and doesn't stain my towel either. I like how smooth it feels and how fast and easy to apply. Will toss out my regular lotion and use this one from now on.
Very cheesy and crunchy. The biggest problem is that I couldn't stop eating once I started.
I have several microfiber towels as they are easy to fit into bags when packing for a trip. There have been several camping trips where these have been a lifesaver in terms of not taking up a lot of precious space in backpacks. This towel, however, is much thinner and not as absorbent as the other, admittedly more expensive, ones that I’ve purchased.  It feels cheaper and not as soft and velvety as others.  The Velcro works fine and the length is good.  I would not recommend this for a larger person or a person with a wide chest as I don’t think it would be comfortable—too tight.
brilliant idea, works perfectly. The stickers on two of the boxes were incorrect. Customer service offered a new set, fantastic service. A must buy for tablet takers everywhere.
very cheaply made. turned out to far and the handles were extremely uncomfortable. the arm cuff is really small .
still have cat probs, didn't work too good
I bought this because I have arthritis in my right thumb, and it hurts to use a regular fingernail clipper.  I can effortlessly cup my nails.  It's such a relief!  The only thing I didn't like is the size of the cutting mechanism.  It's a little large.  It's better suited  for clipping toenails than fingernails.
These are great! I got 160 wipes two years ago, and just now need more, and oh, no, the company that makes them is no more. I'll try Kimwipes, but oh my heart, I never knew I could love disposable microfiber wipes so much. They were phenomenal for cleaning my glasses.
I bought this for pooping in the woods because I like a clean bootay and I don't want to leave lots of TP and wipes in the woods, even if buried. But you know what, I use this at home and I love it. Clean as a whistle.
I found these in my local grocer's, used them, and fell in love. I understand the negative reviews, since in today's society faster and simpler is deemed better, but I believe in working at least a little harder if you want the best results in any area of our lives. The glue flap requires attention and care to close it properly, and the results are excellent. I just bought out one supplier here at Amazon, and I'll be looking for more. I love this Quickasteam product, and I thank the inventors and manufacturers who have made my dinnertimes much faster, safer, and more delicious.
Initially I used this lemon oil to get sticky adhesive off some clothes and it worked great. I made some sugar lemon scrub and it smells wonderful. I ran out it and used a different brand. What a mistake. Fabulous Frannie’s lemon smelled stronger, better and I used less than the other brand. Going to purchase the largest bottle available.
The instructions are not very explicit basically consisting of photographs.I found the straps tended to chafe under the arms. However it is better than other ones that I tried
Very useful when I steam veggies for more than one person. Three minute shot and done.  Very quick ..and easy to clean.  I choose ceramicsas a healthy and attractive choice....preserving nutrients and making us think, at least, that the food is appealing  An alternative to overcooked,boiled and tasteless vegetables. ( I also steam yams - it's very quick and the result is moist and so tasty.)
Doesn't work nearly as well as Heliocare.  It's cheaper, but I guess that's why.  I get burned whereas I don't when I use Heliocare
Doesn't seem to be as good quality as the higher priced brands I've tried, but I guess you get what you pay for...........or don't.
Durable, beautiful and sturdy for small gift packaging
Works fine as advertised.
I cant believe the difference between this product and other Vitamin C supplements Ive been taking. I had issues with my gums and an infection. Nothing was working to help heal. After taking this Liposomal Vitamin C for over a week now the infection is gone! I am so thankful.
I'm so glad I found these! I know apple cider vinegar is good for you but I love the gummies much better. Easier for oral consumption.  Excellent detox.
Love krill oil and this brand is great!
It does what is suppose to.
did nothing ....
Unfortunately these mouth tapes are worthless junk. They don't stay on, they don't breathe, so it makes you sweat and eventually you will have a blowout early in the morning ruining your sleep cycle.
I purchased this for my sister and she loves it.  The animal covers make this such a cute and practical gift.
I bought these to replace some from an old hanging lamp.  They are pretty sturdy and I think they will last a long time.
Excellent value for money, stretches well, very comfortable to use during day or night.
SelectSocial CBD products are great. They are third party tested for accuracy. And the little extras like the herbals in their capsules are a nice added bonus.
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter...she loves it and says it works great!!!
I have bought a lot of different cricket powdersflours before, this is the first time I have bought this product and ran into this issue. There are hard black small pieces of something, if I had to guess it would be the cricket "crap", which should not be there. Normally crickets will be fasted for a few days so that all clears up, this step either did not happen or somehow missed. I will upload photos of what I am seeing a bit later. Definitely have to throw away the entire bag, that is an expensive lesson to got with a different vendor..
Lightweight and breathable.
WOW these are amazing.
I'm either getting used to sugar substitutes or this product really is outstanding. Great for a post dinner treat (with my brandy).
Love, love these scales! Quick and accurate. Makes weighing a pleasure.
Used for our class Reunion infot-shirt bags...held up well!
I am soooo thrilled to have healthy skin around my ears & certain places on my scalp, after &#62;decades&#60; of painfulmessy seborric dermatitis!!!!! I'm no longer tied to my &#34;small part time job&#34; of applying meds 2-4 times a day & having to wash my long, thick hair daily, when other brands & levels of this special pine bark did nothing...I am so so very impressed & grateful!!
Good stuff. Useful when you need it.
Comfortable fit but not much help with sweating under the mask
There was no curve to this eyelash curler and didn’t grip eyelashes. Would not recommend!
Very cheap and it’s shows, but get the job done
I have two GSD and one mixed breed medium size dog . She wasn’t too crazy about it , probably due to her size and age but two GSD loved it and treats disappeared in a few days ;-)Would definitely buy it again.
It's working so far :-) I purchased one a while ago ( I think about 5 months ago ) and plug it in not far from litter box . It works , maybe not whisper quiet ( I can hear it working , not too loud but identifiable :-) , so I bought second one for my bathroom .
To be honest, I have never seen such a large bottle of sandalwood oil before. Most of the time I've had to make due with a diluted product because santalum album is dreadfully expensive most of the time.This sandalwood oil has a nice warmth to it and you can diffuse it alone or with some vanilla essential oil for a very relaxing fragrance.This arrives in a nice box with a solid lid on it so it doesn't spill and it also has a dropper which I immediately installed for ease of use.I feel lucky to have found this as I use sandalwood quite a bit in my diffuser to help me relax in the evenings.~The Rebecca Review
This lemon balm supplement liquid tastes a little like an herbal coffee. I took it at around 9 pm and by 9:30 I was feeling very emotionally calm. The easy-to-use single serving tubes are also handy. You just snap off the lid and drink the contents. So if you are looking for something to help you relax this might work for you. Of course consult with your doctor before taking any supplements.~The Rebecca Review
B vitamins are needed when you are on a vegetarian diet or when you are just stressed out by life's challenges. These easy-to-use tubes are portable and travel well. They save you from having to swallow more pills. These are pleasantly strawberry flavored and provide B3, B6, B7, B9 and B12. The other ingredients include distilled water, vegetable glycerin, citric acid, potassium sorbate and natural flavorings. They taste great. To your health...please consult with a doctor before taking supplements. Personally these make me feel calmer and less anxious.~The Rebecca Review
Creatine Monohydrate is the most affordable form of creatine. This is also micronized creatine so it dissolves better. This dissolves almost instantly in water - I stir it a bit with a spoon. The taste of this creatine is almost completely neutral so it blends into any drink. The recommendation is to stir this into water, non acidic juice or a carbohydrate drink. The benefits of drinking creatine is that it helps you increase your energy so you can have more strength and endurance when lifting weights.~The Rebecca Review
A month ago my blood pressure was 14080. I had atrial flutter issues and my heart was acting bizarre. I started taking a Potassium and Magnesium product and saw some results. Then I read The Magnesium Miracle by Dr. Carolyn Dean and stated taking this liquid magnesium. I noticed good results with magnesium and now my blood pressure went down to 11060. So my nurse practitioner has halved my blood pressure medication and I have an appointment in a month to check it again.If you do take this liquid magnesium and have high blood pressure make sure you are working with your doctor or nurse because your medication may need to be adjusted. They also did an EKG on me and said my heart was normal and I told them: "Well I'm taking magnesium." They also did blood tests and said they were normal. I'm not sure my nurse actually realized that the magnesium had lowered my blood pressure. Here are some of my experiences day by day at the start:Day 1: I took 14 teaspoon in 16.9 fluid ounces water. It made me feel relaxed and I slept well.Day 2: I got ambitious and took 12 teaspoon in a large container of iced tea and it only tasted a bit salty.Sipped over a couple of hours and it seemed to relax me and take the edge off my anxiety. I thought it was giving me a lot of energy and made my heart beats really strong.Day 3: Backed off a bit and took 14 teaspoon in a small amount of cranberry juice. Tasted salty and a bit bitter so didn't want to do that again. Decided it needed more liquid to make it palatable.Day 4: Took 14 teaspoon in a pint (2 cups) of coconut water. My anxious thoughts stopped and my mind felt calm and almost as if my thoughts were not as loud.Day 5: Took 14 teaspoon in 2 cups bottled water. Felt as if my system was detoxing and cleaning out.Day 6: Felt like toxins were being released so drank more water.Day 7: Decided to try taking the magnesium liquid in capsules. That way you can't taste and salty or bitter flavor.Day 8: While waiting to get capsules, took 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in iced tea.Day 9: Put 14 teaspoon magnesium in 3 veggie capsules. Swallowed them down with no issues.Since then I've been taking 12 teaspoon magnesium liquid in five veggie capsules. I fill them up with a syringe and take them right away, not letting them sit around to dissolve. It is a little extra effort but it keeps my atrial flutter under control and I feel better in general. You may want to wipe the capsules off a bit after filling. I just use a napkin. That way you don't taste any of the liquid. That is my best solution and how I'm going to continue to take this magnesium.My cautions are to start slow with drops or 14 teaspoon and work up slowly to 12 teaspoon a day. Also read The Magnesium Miracle to understand all the reasons to take this product and how to take it. I would not recommend taking it straight, always dilute it in at least 2 or more cups of water to make it palatable. I will say this magnesium does NOT have laxative effects like other magnesium products do. That is a good thing if you want to leave the house!So my experience has been positive. Please consult with your doctor before taking any supplements as your medications may need to be adjusted.~The Rebecca Review
During the cold months of winter it is nice to use a furniture polish which shines up all your wood desks, bookcases and tables. I love Endust because it makes wood glow with natural beauty and keeps dust at bay for at least a while until you can dust again. I like that this leaves no greasy or oily residue. It wipes off clean. The scent is pleasant too and that makes cleaning more fun. I find it works best to spray the cleaner onto a clean rag, that way there is not over spraying.~The Rebecca Review
If you read a lot and your eyes get bloodshot these eye drops really help. I notice that a few drops in each eye gets the red out in a matter of minutes. I don't use these a lot, just occasionally when I read too much. The warning on the back says too much use can have the opposite effect so it is advised you use this product sparingly and only when needed. Please see your doctor if redness continues or if you have eye pain.~The Rebecca Review
Vitamin E Oil is great for helping to prevent scars. I've used this oil on my face and on my arm. It seems to help cat scratches heal faster. It is thinner than a straight E oil from a capsule. It is more liquid because it has coconut oil and jojoba oil in it. It is easy to apply with the dropper that is included. This bottle will last you a long time! It is nice to know this is organic and healthy for your skin.~The Rebecca Review
Klip Pro's Electric Callus Remover has more power than most rechargeable units. I felt this removed dry skin quicker and more effectively than other tools I've used in the past and I've tried quite a few. The callus remover is also ergonomically designed so it fits comfortably in your hand while using it. This is not for people with poor blood circulation or diabetes. This also comes with good safety information.~The Rebecca ReviewI received one free unit for review purposes.
For the past couple of years I've hardly been sick at all. I take my vitamin C daily and I think that helps. But recently I was around someone who was coughing and touching everything and spreading their cold everywhere. It was very frustrating to realize that I was probably going to get sick.Well I had one day of feeling like I was getting a cold and I took this four times a day as prescribed. Wow I'm not sick. This stuff really must work. I found the taste inconsequential. In a glass of water I could not taste it at all. One dropper full in water is the recommended dose. It is about 25 drops of liquid. I counted it to be sure.Buying this may seem expensive but how much is your health worth? To me it was well worth the cost and this bottle will last a long time as you use so little. When they say you will be well in a day they really mean it.I was very impressed with this remedy and will keep it on hand at all times. It works better than anything I've tried before. I even told my nurse practitioner about it and she thought it was good.Who wants to be sick for a week or more. I just don't have the time. As with all herbal remedies do consult with your doctor before taking.~The Rebecca Review
When my generic Ambien doesn't work I get out of bed and take these pills. Then I'm able to get to sleep in the next fifteen to thirty minutes. Some nights I just take this along with my sleeping pills to give me a deeper sleep. When taking these natural sleep pills I find that I sleep through the night better. No waking up at odd hours of the night. I also notice I'm less anxious about sleeping when I take two pills. You are not supposed to take more than two. These do contain maltodextrin if that concerns you. The herbsplants in this formula include lemon balm and passionflower.~The Rebecca ReviewI received one free bottle for review purposes. This review is my honest opinion.
Acai is great if you want to reduce your appetite. If you eat for pleasure then it might not work as well. I found that in two months of taking this supplement I didn't lose a great deal of weight (as reported in some reviews) but I did see dramatic results in the clarity and radiance of my skin. This supplement contains powerful antioxidants which protect the cells from free radicals. So if you are interested in skin health then I can recommend this to you. For me it hasn't helped me lose weight in a dramatic way as advertised in many blogs.~The Rebecca Review
The Verilux HappyEyes Floor lamp is an especially versatile light with numerous applications. It will brighten your entire desk while typing and is perfect to use while reading on the couch, in your favorite chair or basically anywhere you choose. Even while working on projects like knitting, puzzles or crafts, this light is very helpful. I bought this for my husband for Christmas and keep stealing it while I'm reviewing.This makes a perfect gift for anyone who loves to read. My husband loves it because it makes maps look especially bright and clear. He says the colors stand out more and I love the way it brings out the text in books. If you don't want to move this from room to room (although it is not too heavy), buy two or one for each desk or one for the office and even the bedroom.I could use at least three of these around the house because I rarely stay in one room for very long. Some of the ways I've used this lamp is to see when reading, but you can also brighten a room by pointing the lamp at the ceiling. The super flexible arm allows the light to point in any direction. There are also two brightness levels so you can decide on the brightness you prefer. The advantages of this light include:Reduced EyestrainLess Glare - the light has a special glare reducing Parabolic grid that coversthe light bulbEnergy EfficientLong lasting 27 Watt bulb - Flicker free bright white light that simulates natural daylight.A free utility tray was included and can be attached and removed very easily. Perfect if you want to leave your reading glasses or a pen and paper by the lamp. I wasn't sure how this style of lamp would fit into my home, but it actually looks good in every room.~The Rebecca Review
Sweetening your tea with Stevia produces results so similar to sugar, you won't miss sugar in your tea. Before trying the tea bags, I always used to buy the little packets of stevia and still intend to use them in the future. My thought was that this would be an easy way to sweeten my tea along with the other tea bags I was already using and that would save time.Well, there are some interesting aspects to stevia tea that I had not considered. Firstly, when adding a stevia tea bag, the results are "super sweet" if you leave the tea bag in the cup or teapot for the entire time you are steeping the tea. The result is a bit overwhelming and seems to produce a very earthy tea.For the best results - if you enjoy a mildly sweet tea - is to add the tea bag at the end or when you are adding in milk or milk powder. By stirring in one of these stevia tea bags, you can sweeten the tea to taste.The Stevia in these tea bags is from Paraguay. If you want to use this as a regular tea, it is very sweet and you may want to add other ingredients like lemon juice or mint.~The Rebecca Review
More delicious than a lip gloss, warming and tingly, you may find interesting uses for this edible massage oil. You can use it as a massage oil although it is slightly more sticky and sweet. It warms slightly on the skin, but mostly when tasted. Surprise the one you love with a chocolate kiss by using this as a lip gloss. The oil looks like a cherry gloss vanilla syrup and comes in a corked glass bottle you'd imagine finding on the beach. When empty you can refill with regular massage oils. I can almost guarantee if you try this flavor, you will want to try the rest. I thought the flavor was rather sweet, minty and delicious.~The Rebecca Review
Husband wanted this for his wool socks. They are like new again.
I am surprised that this is still available.  Not a surprise that is comes from England.  Sometimes I want to clear my passages without the use of drying medications.  This temporarily clears nasal passages.
As a vaper, I find myself having to change my coils at the worst possible times, usually halfway through a full tank. For me, these blunt tipped syringes are a perfect way to drain out a tank of vape juice before removing the coil, without having to waste any juice. I can't speak of other uses for them, but they do what they're supposed to. They suck up liquid, and they shoot it back out, what more could you ask for.
Run smaller than ad photo but works.
Minnie Ears from Disney... what is there not to love!
I really like these. They work well. When I ordered them, they were priced at $39 and change. Now the prices have risen beyond $100 for the same product. I'm disappointed in that.  I probably won't purchase them again.  They do seem to work well in a house with two dogs and forced air heating, I have noticed a difference.
Makes my glasses cleaner than other products I've used. Small bottles make it easy to take in purse or keep in desk.
First time user. It took me a while a find out how to assemble them. After some adjustments I find a way to use it. And it does helps relieve my neck pain.
I’ve had infections (8) for more than 2 yrs. In worst case sinusitis. All but one left now in and it’s in my lungs. As I’ve been taking this, my symptoms are helped for certain and it’s immediate. I just put two dropper fulls in water & drink it. Three times a day. Try it, it works.
My sister has incredible peripheral neuropathy in her feet. They burn & then go numb. This was sent to her, I really don’t know if she’s using it.  In 71 years she’s never taken my advice on anything but she’s in so much pain she actually asked me for ideas. Fingers crossed.
These are VERY tasty!
Here’s the thing:These will NOT last you like a regular sponge. So I had to get over that fact.Here’s what they WILLLIAMSON do ~ they’ll get in the tight spots, clean the crappy chrome around your faucets better than anything in the market with less effor. They get into nooks and crannies. It’s their “thing!” Also good on mirrors . I keep them in the bathrooms and kitchen. Stainless steel rims, etc. look like new now.
This is my FAVOITE organic Barley Grass on the market. It’s fresher, it’s felt in a smoothie immediately, it’s easy to use and it’s detoxing. Add some dulse while you’re at it (dulse flakes are cheap), a banana, 2 cups organic blueberries , 3 oranges (or 3 cups organic orange juice). Oh, yum. Compliments of Medical Medium.
Product as described. I have straight super Fine long hair, it takes a while to detangle, even with this brush.. I wouldn't say it's a miracle but it's better than yanking through with a traditional brush
Nice sturdy cases to hold pills and supplements for traveling. The inside dividers snap shut securely and each section will hold several pills or capsules. . There are six of these sections. The outside lid latches down to further insure that nothing will  spill out. A nice small case for travel or the bedside table.
Black cumin seed oil is a supplement which has many health benefits. This particular one is of high quality, packaged in the US, and the company is owned by women. I have taken black seed oil in various forms for over a year. Taking the oil directly is difficult due to the taste, it is much easier to use in capsule form. I am happy to have this capsule  extract since it may be the purest form. I do believe that my health has improved since taking black seed oil, and am very pleased to have this product to review.
First off, the print is nice and pretty. The mask is lightweight and comfortable, even though it is 2 layers plus a filter pocket. It has the nose metal piece and not much fogging of glasses. The  mask is not clingy and is breathable, ear loops are adjustable. Good value and nice masks.
I know this is a cream but I really didn’t expect it to be so thick. Normally hyaluronic acid that I am used to is a light weight gel type cream. I might repurchase depending if I absolutely need it because it’s not something I would care to have. I use another hyaluronic acid cream right now. This is quite thick and the way that dermatologists recommend you apply a hyaluronic acid is on wet skin after cleanser, essence or toner whichever way your skincare routine goes. However, I felt as if I couldn’t apply anything more after this. I have a minimal skincare routine due to having sensitive skin and using Retin-A. This also has fragrance, it is a great value however. So for now my skincare in the morning goes:  cleanse,  hyaluronic acid and moisturizer. Typically I would have wanted to apply a vitamin C but cant on top of hyaluronic acid as it doesn’t sink in all the way.
These masks are comfortable, fit well, and have a nice neutral appearance, but dang they come out of the package with a potent plastic-like odor. They've been out of the package 2-3 hours now and are sitting on my desk as I write this and the smell is still making me wheeze. I just hope it does wash out!
This item was purchased as a gift for my insomniac Mother-In-Law.She absolutely loved the feature of stars on the ceiling.She said that it reminded her of camping as a young girl, out under the stars.The soothing tones and sparkling stars have put this Grandma to sleep !!!
Got to use my friends, and love it, sadly my order arrived empty box. Didn't realize how big this version is though so it was better lol
I thoguht allegra was working, but i am suffering allergies and its not working... added the nasacort as a last ditch... and its  not doing anything sigh
So our pup is still too chewy to be left alone in the house without being crated. well at night (especially when it is windy), she gets nervous, she is a scaredy cat! So we got this for her, to help drown out the noises that creep up on her. It has helped, and made it a nice calm and not whiny night! Works well, easy to use, good sound.**updates** we went about a month month a half, of nearly 7 hours of cricket sounds every night before we had to re charge for the first time. We did not utilize timer or light, just the noise, but that is pretty darn impressive.Pup is having some back slides in night barking and loneliness in her crate so We are now trying light, and a little louder music, so will see how long battery lasts this time
These masks are super cute and comfortable, the stretchy band could be just a hair larger, or even adjustable, but other then that, they are great! I love there is a pocket for the gel pack. i get migraines often so these are so helpful!
I used this for like an hour today alone on different spots. it isnt too rough, or too slow (well the slowest speed it a tad slow so i went with medium speed) my neck and upper back feel so nice right now! it is pretty light weight so you can carry it around in your car, and it comes with a car adapter too which is neat. The heat, really is not warm at all, i can tell it is there, but only if i walk away and come back with it on, it didnt do much though. But, i really like this and will definitely be using it a TON.**update** please be careful how you use it, do not really lean on it too hard, i actually got bruised twice using it. i still use it because it does feel good, just have to be careful how i use it lol
I cannot wait to gift this, it is cool!  I am not sure how well it smokes yet, but it looks and feels really well made!. My husband will be so excited to open it!
He likes the flavor, and loves to chew gum, so it was good for him lol
these work in a pinch, but honestly, not nearly enough of the water beads to keep them cool long enough! no idea about heat wise, i leave them in freezer for migraines. they do help a little, but my cheap $3 one i bought from target last year works so much better....
The awesome and perfect cloth mask. Here’s my longest review ever and why this is the awesome PPE for me.We have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. I must tell everyone these masks rock!Seriously, this mask is soft. Soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft t-shirt that feels so good I can’t wait for it to be washed.Made in the USA by Americans look up their website!I don’t know them but I know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..The mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.The mask is so comfortable. But, here are more reasons why I will wear this mask every time I can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so I can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. No longer having to put it In the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. Period. I don’t have to look for it when I get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because I simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if it’s loose. Double layer full coverage mask. From bridge of my nose to under my chin. Comfortable all day! I don’t use the carbon filters. If needed, I would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.I don’t think I have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. Just kidding; since my iPhone.These comes in two different sizes. I wear the XL. I have wide cheek bones and I’m chubby. My spouse wears the Large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.  They make them for kids to the big faces.Thank you Buttonsmith for your part in helping with Covid-19 by producing more comfortable PPE. It’s hard enough as it isMy only dislike is I wasted money on others before finding these.
The awesome and perfect cloth mask. Here’s my longest review ever and why this is the awesome PPE for me.We have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. I must tell everyone these masks rock!Seriously, this mask is soft. Soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft t-shirt that feels so good I can’t wait for it to be washed.Made in the USA by Americans look up their website!I don’t know them but I know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..The mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.The mask is so comfortable. But, here are more reasons why I will wear this mask every time I can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so I can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. No longer having to put it In the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. Period. I don’t have to look for it when I get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because I simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if it’s loose. Double layer full coverage mask. From bridge of my nose to under my chin. Comfortable all day! I don’t use the carbon filters. If needed, I would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.I don’t think I have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. Just kidding; since my iPhone.These comes in two different sizes. I wear the XL. I have wide cheek bones and I’m chubby. My spouse wears the Large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.Thank you Buttonsmith for your part in helping with Covid-19 by producing more comfortable PPE. It’s hard enough as it is.Lastly, mine were shipped out a bit faster than expected.I ordered more
I have tried the Biosmooth for many months and I have had no results. My condition is getting worst.
the insole cushions are great. i love that you get so many different kinds not just for your heels or ball of the feet you get different ones to try and bonus you are able to clean these and reuse them. i like that you can reuse them in other shoes this will save you money and make your shoes more comfortable.
great product thanks
Having sensitive teeth and gums can make good oral health a struggle.  Most of the time I just skip using toothpaste, defaulting to baking soda, but I so miss the fresh feeling that a good toothpaste leaves in my mouth.  Mouthwash is nice, but just not the same.I have tried many toothpaste brands that promise and fail to deliver a more comfortable brushing experience, so it was a certain of low expectation that accompanied my order of the Spotlight brand.I was delighted at the mild taste of this toothpaste.  No burning gums or tongue.  No sparks of pain in my teeth.  I am thrilled to have a toothpaste that properly cleans my teeth and so nicely protects my teeth and gums without discomfort.
I needed some 2.5 diopter glasses to use while reading and writingtaking notes and combining that with using my computer and laptop, and I want them to have a wider lens than my strictly for-reading glasses, and these four pairs of Aiklly glasses are entirely suitable.They are very comfortable to wear, and reside permanently along side my devices on my desk.  I love the shape and frame designs, which I chose to be different that the other glasses I have.  I received three pair of tortoiseshell frames and one black frame.  I keep the black frame pair in my laptop case.Outstandingly well made and comfortable glasses at an outstanding price.  All around win.
They are way smaller that pictured hand cramps while using them. Hard to keep a grip on it
Bought 2 sets, comes with some disposable files, the actual tools work well in the properly trained hands to use them. This set is not for those who do not know how to use those tools properly and SAFELY.  In short, unless you absolutely know how to use these tools, they can really tear some stuff up. Implements and tools work great, but could be damaging in unskilled hands.
Don’t let the subtitles put you off - my dad hates them, but started watching with me and we were both in tears laughing
Truly speaking; this is my favorite scent of all.  Thank you Glade, this scent is amazingly refreshing in my flat.  Highly recommend 👌 😊
Nice product to have to accommodate bedside commode.
Works great.  Suggestion by skin care specialist.  Cleans great and leaves skin feeling like I've scrubbed all impurities out of skin.
My grandmother used to buy these and they really work and don’t smell like the thing you’re trying to cover up and food like most other sprays do.  I don’t want to smell something yummy and bathroom smells mixed together it’s disturbing. That’s why I like this stuff it does a good job of masking the smell and not being gross. I have yet to get tired of it either.  Not sickly sweet or too floral. It is a strong smell but not overpowering.  Very well balanced.
This shaker bottle is perfect for my pre and BCAAs. I used to refill my shaker bottle in the gym and never felt good about using that chlorinated water.  Also, very happy with the quality.
Perfect size. Great to travel with. Works well
Don't have to take 3 naps before bed.
Worked exceptionally well for my family. We noticed our gut flora improve quickly.  Helps with exzema flares.
Love this eyelash curler ! It’s so easy to use !
I can not describe the immense pain I am in after using this contraption, it seems to have all great reviews but I am here to tell you I can barely sit much less stand after using this.
I dont think it works
thumbs up
Nice on nose
Is it strange that I like my weight information being sent to the internet?  Probably.I have had this scale for abotu a year and it has been great.  The battery has lasted beyond the manufacturer 6 months and still going strong.Your weight data goes to your fitbit account, so it is great if you are using the fitbit.  Having a running log of your weight is a great tool for gaining insight into your habits and their effects on you.  When you add in the food tracking, step counts, and sleep data, the resulting trends you can find is definitely interesting and can be used to drive effective change.Example, when I don't sleep well for an extended period (usually because I stay up late and need to be up earlier than normal), I see my weight rise that week.  I mean, we all know that there are certain trends that tend to occur, but it is different when you have the evidence and can actually see how your habits impact your body!
Only cotton swabs I can use due to cauliflower ear, and they work very well
When my baby is congested I rub this on her feet and the next morning she is all better!
Cannot tell any difference in the odor or in the smell I would have to say to me a waste of money honest opinion
Great purchase
Great product used in our rv. The granule very messing when putting in commode.
I had high hopes for the spray hoping it would take care of the problem in the window wells with baby ants. There is a lot of greenery outside my back windows and I was hoping that this would eradicate the issue…It did not do the job that I had hoped it would do and I had a spray 3-4 times a day to get fair results…Animal fairness I cannot recommend purchasing this because it really does not do the job he claims he can do.
Because everyone is hoarding everything and apparently decided Vicks will cure Covid-19 (it wont) my poor little immunocompromised kiddo was suffering with a chest cold.I searched Amazon and got the idea to type in "chest rub" and this little gem came up. And while it doesn't smell like traditional vicks (it smells amazing actually) she LOVES IT!!It leaves her skin soft. I rubbit on her heart surgery scar and it is softer now. We also put it on her back and feet. Ive barely made a dent in the jar. When it wears off she brings it to me knowing it will make her feel better.We will 100% be buying again.
This brand was used on the feather.The entire feather swelled up and I lost layers of skin.As you can see the black (which is another brand) had no issues.Stay far away from this brand. Unless expensive scars are a good time to you
Had this for almost a month and is holding up great, its stays put, and has little ridges that help you not slip. Would be great for someone who is elderly for that reason, and it looks very spa-like as well!
works well, nice good deal
These capsules are not as large as some of the other brands.  These work great for me because they fit in my pillbox with my other pills.
The aroma is really great.  Have tried the spring time one and this is much better.
These worked great and are super comfortable.
I have Endometriosis and have terrible cramps and vaginal pain during my cycle. A friend in my support group recommended to give these a try so I bought them. They are wonderful! They don’t fully make cramps go away but they do ease them especially the vaginal pain. They smell very nice but are lightly dented. I’m very sensitive and they have not given me any issues. The cooling feeling was a bit more than I expected when I first used them but it is very refreshing and great for pain. I also have a few of their cleansing products and I love everything I have tried from honey pot!
Nice small and powerful
These stated shirt boxes.  There is no way a regular mens shirt will fit in this small box.Truly misleading.
Disappointed did not stay on
Incorrect heading info. I could not find a place to click to tell Amazon. These are totally for the polar opposite condition! and are for a HIGH arch foot and not flat footno arch. Which is awful info.from Aetrex own website for this model insert "Men's Casual Comfort MedHigh Arch OrthoticSKU : L600M" and the L2420M is for flat feet which my mom got for my son.
WASH many times to get black coloring OUT. Al.so socks waay too small.
An ounce of protection will save thousands of dollars in DUIs.and possibly lives I am not a drinker, but I do occasionally imbibe on special occasions. I like that this Oasser Breathalyzer Breath Tester comes with a window punch, so it's good to keep in your car. Just in case.
I often find myself using my less accurate no-touch forehead thermometer to avoid dealing with the sterilization process following the use of an oral thermometer These digital thermometer sleeves work great and about the only issue I have encountered was removing it from its protective packaging without dealing with extra pieces of plastic.
This is one of the more sleek and attractive BP monitors for home use and the readings aren't too far off from my expensive Omron BP monitor. Usually the failure is in the cuff and even though I didn't readjust it during four readings it occasionally overinflated, which will give you a drastically higher measurement. It talks, which it nice, but it is a bit too chatty.
This Hibiclens Hand Pump took a ridiculously long time to arrive and the straw does not reach the bottom of the bottle. While I was waiting for this to arrive I purchased two clear  pump dispenser bottles which arrived the following day. They take up less space than a 32oz bottle, cost less, and are a more attractive option. Save your money!
This portable bidet is perfect for staying fresh in between showers. I keep one in each bathroom for those times when personal cleansing is needed, but showering is inconvenient. As much as I would love to have a bidet installed in my home, it's just not possible, and this is the next best thing. They come with a carry pouch, but the containers are  somewhat large for a purse, and i couldn't imagine traveling with them, but they are ideal for the home.
The Exrebon Ankle Compression Sleeve offers adequate compression around my ankles, but they are just not long enough to be comfortable or useful  I am 5'3' with a size 7 women's foot and ordered a size medium. The ankle height is ideal, but the coverage on my foot barely reaches the halfway point of my arch.
I was hoping this would be a handy multifunction trimmer and chose it because of the large assortment of attachments. The trimmer works well with the preinstalled attachment and the blade is sharp enough for a relatively close shave without bloodshed. However, trying to remove it is impossible.  According to the instructions you need to grasp the unprotected blade head with your finger to release it and then pull it out by the sides.  Whilst I was trying to position my hand so as not to engage the large power button that is literally the entire upper half of the shaver's body, I felt the blade bending on my third attempt and gave up. Also included in these kits was an empty USB power block casing. In addition to some major design flaws. where is the quality control?
I prefer the Nasopure System Kit for sinus irrigation because I can control the flow and the nozzle tip forms a better seal with my nostril than traditional ceramic Neti Pots. The buffered salt solution is less likely to cause any irritation and it's pre-measured. Easy peasy, just mix and apply a light squeazy.The Neti pot has been around for hundreds of years, and when used properly it is the safest and most effective remedy to clear my stuffy sinuses and help relieve postnasal drip. I cannot use the over the counter sinus meds because some make me drowsy and others give me palpitations.PLEASE READ:1. The most important RULE to remember, and this is not optional, is to NEVER USE TAP WATER UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. IF you MUST use tap water let it boil for just over a minute or san and allow it to cool to room temperature before using.  Distilled sterile water is recommended and you can buy it in the grocery store.2. If you are unfamiliar with the proper technique for using a Neti Pot there are many instructional videos on YouTube. This should be a safe and relatively comfortable experience.3. Clean the NetiPot after every use. and let air dry.Please follow ollow the instructions and read recommendations on the FDA's website to ensure safe use and you're good to go.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
The pharmacy recently changed my mom's prescription from an easy to break caplet to a rock hard tablet, and we have tested no less than five pill splitters to cut her meds into a precise dosage. I kid you not, this is the very first time I have successfully split an aspirin sized pill into an exact half. I think the problem with many pill cutters is the plastic blade guard. This one does not have one, so the cut is clean. No more crumbs and two-third cuts. I highly recommend it.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
There is a molded plastic button on top which would indicate it may be in on switch, but this does not have a motor and does not vibrate. The bristles are short and ineffective on thick hair. It includes a cut comb, but does not work as advertised.**  If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
I am truly impressed with the Sui Song, Sacroiliac Support Belt because it is is one of the most versatile and adjustable support braces I have tried. Over the years, I have had many sports injuries and the issues that occur naturally with age. This belt can be used for comforting support of any number of areas from the lower back, sciatic nerve to hip injuries, including the sacroiliac, which is a very difficult area to support.  The velcro is covered with a protective fleece strip, so be sure to remove it, or you will think it's the worst Velcro ever. LOL. Yes, it took me a minute to discover that because most manufacturers don't bother to protect the Velcro. The overall quality is excellent, and this belt can be adjusted to find the sweet spot of soothing relief. With all of my injuries, I would consider myself the queen of pain, and this is one of the best support belts I have found so far, There is nothing else like it, and I highly recommend it for those difficult to treat areas. Now, if I could only find something this good for my shoulder, I would be in heaven!** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
This two-pack glove set is well made, comfortable and durable. The blue pair has a thin flocked lining that feels soft against my skin and the unlined gloves are very durable. I feared they may be too short to reach the bottom of a 5-gallon bucket, but they are plenty long and end about 3" below my elbow. The size medium was a perfect fit and even though they are thicker gloves they are still flexible and tactile. I recommend these!
 I love journaling and I am a stickler for paper feel. I was hoping the pages of this nicely bound hardcover journal would have a smoother and softer feel, but it is more like sketchbook or book paper with a rough and scratchy feel. It's just okay, but not my favorite.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
The one positive feature of this Lens Cleaning Product is that the wipe does clean..  The smell is unsatisfactory, very strong ammonia.  The package that holds the individual wipe is difficult to open.  I can't recommend.
One was broken but the other one was great
Did nothing for me
Beautifully packed, great for gifting, high quality soft brush. One for you, one for a friend?.. Very nice.
This will scrub shine off of gold!!Great gets into corners too..
These work great!
I use it daily. I have used it for over 10 years now
Price gouge much?
I don't tolerate all peppermint well.  I have both acid reflux and a hiatal hernia, so somethings help, some make it worse.I tried these and they have a "soft" taste, you get the peppermint, but it doesn't irritate going down.Recommended for those who want a SMOOOOOTH peppermint to just ease a tummy issue, like upset, nausea.Will keep these as a staple in my medicine chest and kitchen cupboard!  OH and I LIKE the tin :-)
This is great. I am going to physical therapy right now for knee pain. The physical therapist uses one of these on my thighs and calves. Now I can do it from home (or have my husband help). I like the grips on this. They are very comfortable. The rollers are very smooth and don't balk. It's a perfect size for me to use on myself or for someone else to use on me. Disclaimer: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
These things can clean almost anything.
Gift for grandma! She loved it!
Great Glasses and Price !
Works well in dishwasher and leaves dishes and glassware clean and sparkly. Have used this product for years.
The upside is that this is a very well made little lamp.it's easy to start and produces a hot and steady flame.If you need a light duty flame hot enough to heat a test tube or sterilize inoculation needle it's just fine.If you need a bigger flame as standard wick based lamp is better.I use everclear as fuel as I needed non toxic vapors.Over all a well made product.
This scale is a liar.
Works great. Easy plug in.
The scale is a little piece of art, just beautiful. It's lightweight. Unfortunately, the batteries that come with it were DOA. I've written to the company for another battery package.The scale sets up very easily. The LED screen takes some getting used to, though. When you weigh yourself, you can't read your weight  until you step off the screen since the scale needs to calculate it. The numbers are a little fuzzy but readable. My old one weighed me about 19 oz. lighter. It remains to be seen how consistent this one is.It gets dirty easily, so I put a square of Stretch-Tite across it to keep it in good shape. You might want to do this. It lost a star due to the batteries, and another one due to the fuzzy screen.  I'll keep it due to its accuracy.
Arrived fast. Tried once and it worked well. Easy to clean and each part is good. Still, I give it only three star, 2.5, I wish, since the product obviously looks like a used one. The print on the button is scratched and blurred. How do I add my picture to the review? I just hope the shaving head has not been used on other people. Is it Amazon or the seller’s problem?——————————Update,After 6 months of use, at the frequency of twice per week, one shaving petal fell off while I was cleaning it carefully. Poor quality; had to buy another one of a different brand.
I can never find this sugar free Twizzlers anywhere in my local stores. They are perfect for diabetics are people trying to watch their sugar intake. These Twizzlers almost taste like the real ones and have Zero sugar. ( Does have 14g sugar alcohols). They are still a bit carby at 20g per 4 pieces. But still better than eating the regular ones. Glad to have them available ( sometimes ) on amazon.
Great way to be safe while still enjoying a night out.This Breath Alcohol Tester is a highly portable Breathalyzer that you can take easily take it wherever you want. Keep one in your purse or jacket and you can test yourself or others before driving. Or, keep one in your car glovebox !The tester features an awesome LCD display where you can read the values of the test result quickly and accurately. Very useful this time of year. Gives you the peace of mind about whether or not you should be driving. Uses standard AAA batteries.ProsLight and easy to carry aroundHas accurate resultsGood for self-checking and analysisHighly sensitive and pretty good qualityCons:I have none at this time, but I am sure there are more expensive or better ones out there with more bells & whistles.
This convenient pill case  keychain keeps my medications safe & secure.I take pills daily and put them in my pocket & sometimes forget to take them out,  or they get dirty. Now I have this wonderful gadget that not only protects my medication by being waterproof & dust-proof, but reminds me to take them by being visible on my keychain at all times.  The compartment is easily accessed by simply unscrewing the cap at the top of the tube. Comes also with some  handy freebies as well. Will buy again.
These provide some support for my bad knee but ultimately they don't have any side support to stabilize my knee. These are probably better for light walking and some gentle exercise. Though they have compression support, it doesn't prevent side twisting motion which is how I can hurt my knee. I don't really think there is anything special to copper infused compression sleeves. It kind of reminds me of the magnetic bracelets they sell that boast claims but have no real science behind it.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
Helpful supplement that I will be adding to my daily regimen. As with all supplements, check with your doctor first. For me, with continued use I see improvements and will continue to take it. It arrived with a quality control seal, and inner protective seal. They seem to help me, I hope they will help you as well.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
Pure Science Supplements Licorice supplement is among the best licorice supplements on the market. Licorice supplements are used for a large variety of reasons from muscle relaxing to immune system support to even increasing fertility and sexual stamina.I like pure science licorice supplement because it is a nice strong smelling licorice so I assume that it is packed full of good licorice. The supplements in my hand that it is a nice easy to manage and swallow sized capsule. Did I mention how nice they smell? I would definitely recommend Pure science supplements licorice supplement to anyone who is looking for a licorice supplement. I have stopped using omeprazole due to the recently discovered side effects and I'll be going with these supplements from now on.I would recommend them.I received this product for at a discounted rate in exchange for product testing and a fair and unbiased review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and received no incentives or rewards for doing so. My goal is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer to increase sales. My remarks are sincere and true. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My goal is ensure that these reviews are helpful to others. My opinions are my own and I thoroughly believe in keeping the integrity of Amazon reviews legitimate to help the community make the best choices. It is just my own opinion and experience with the product, your own opinion and experience may vary. I received no monetary compensation and I am not required to give a good review. Just looking at my public profile and you will see I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. They need to be earned for me to recommend a product regardless of the price I paid.Kindly click 'Yes' below if you found my review helpful.
I tried using these in some new work boots. While the back is fairly tacky, they just don't feel very good and don't do a good job at keeping my foot in place. After only a few hours of use, they became loose and started to roll onto itself. Once it does that, they are very difficult to get it to unstick from itself without tearing the pad. I would have returned them but frankly it just wasn't worth the effort.
Better then 3.00 dollars a box
Purchased for my wife. It is kind of a pain to fill and lug around but once she uses it her feet feel 100% better. Heat and massage are perfect and work exactly as advertised. Draining the unit is pretty simple with the attached drain hose.
Read all the reviews and even with the negative comments decided to try it. My wife put it in the tub, tried to get it to stay down using the suction cups. Every time you turn on the jets it pops up and wraps around your legs. Very uncomfortable and impractical. Will be returning it tomorrow. PS we have a smooth finish tub and it will not stay down in it.
These are fantastic! I take 9 pills a day—three different times of the day. I also have neuropathy in my hands due to past chem infusions. It was difficult to open that many pill bottles throughout the day. These are super easy to open and easy to fill.  I also recently took them on a cruise with me, and they were wonderful and traveled well. I highly recommend these!
Please don’t waste your money on this it doesn’t work
They are vary good to use
I prefer another brand but they stopped making this one is good nothing bad about it.  Nice replacement.
I read tons of descriptions and reviews before I decided to give this product a try. It’s been a while since I’ve had a pedicure. My feet are in love! The foot file did a pretty good job of removing rough skin without harm. Works much faster than a pumas stone. I did my husband's feet and he likes a result too.
Mr. Clean Magic Eraser is my go to product when the mess is tough. I wouldn't even think about cleaning my bath tub with out a magic eraser, it cuts right through soap scum!
Bought to clean the bottoms of my pool. Works great!
Bought these for blessings bags. They were perfect.
This is much bigger than I thought it would be.  It has held up pretty well.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. The low star rating is due to the fact the black sponges ...one 1 came with the set and two are shown in the pictures. Not sure how long only one will last and then the main sponge will not be useful anymore.
Unfortunately these aren't thick enough for my arches so they don't touch the floor or shoe sole when I wear them thus offering no support. I noticed zero difference too with the plantar fasciitis. They also rubbed terribly on the tops of my feet with or without socks & by the end of my shift I could not wait to take them off. I also noticed my "bad knee" was worse that day too. Could be unrelated but thought it was worth mentioning. I would definitely not reorder & I'd only recommend if your arches aren't that high
Don't Look or Fit Good at All and I checked the measurements against my Foster Grant Reading Glasses. These are very poor quality and are extremely uncomfortable.
Not 2.50 Power Reading Glasses, don't know what they are because someone has taken the size off the arm, should be printed like the first pair I bought but isn't. No wonder the shipment was late.  I purchased these before and love them, but this time they are defective, scratched, late, and wrong power. Seller's quality control is very very bad.
Great product, only issue is getting it on the walker so it's stable and also I suggest having a two sided rubber trivit (like a jar opener) to reduce anything sliding on the tray when you walk.
Doesn't work as well as it used to.
Melted in autoclave
DMSO is a carrier product, to be applied on clean skin away from cut sores and only to be used externally.Apply a little with sterile cotton, let dry and apply I.e. Icy hot or pain medicine, may give a licorice taste in mouth.This should only used for severe pain, check with your health care provider.
I really like this. I'll buy it again when the time comes.
Problem with this belt is, you warm up the packet and it can get lava hot. BUT, you cannot feel it through the too thick super synthetic material of the pouch. So once the super hot gel pack is inserted into the pouch, you barely feel it.:- I was looking for one with cotton pouch and clay beads, but they were too $$,& had bad ratings. This would be great if the pouch was different to transfer the heat from the gel pouch. Plus, after a few times in the microwave, the gel seems to be burning through the lining of the gel pack. So it might not have great longevity, as well.
But it's actually a good mixture of soft, but not linty, and no chemicals to irritate my bum. The price from some vendors varies greatly so watch out for that.
Is it just me? Or has the company started using less LOTION in their product.  It’s just the same as using regular puffs of Kleenex.
I have small ears and this type of earphone is the only type that stays in and is comfortable. I lost my $60 pair, so I tried these as a replacement. I am very happy with my purchase. They are easy to pair and easy to use.
These are comfortable to sleep in, and I like the ones that are connected, so I don't lose them.
A well positioned pillow works better. This doesn’t really make sense with my anatomy because my neck is attached to my shoulders.
Best so far to get stains out of clothing.
Best stain remover ever.  When my dog lifted his leg on the floor, it also hit the drapes.  I sprayed with Dreft and it didn't leave a stain. This also happened on my bedspread.  I use it on all stains including coffetea that gets splashed on the furniture.  PS.  Got rid of the dog.
Removes stains better than Oxyclean.
My dad loved it ) I bought this for him
Soft.. yes.  A bit of a scam or just visually deceiving.  This is toilet paper not on a roll just rolled up. I could not believe that I spent my hard earned money 10.99 on 6 tiny baby rolls that it's more like a luxury gag gift.  First if I put this in my bathroom it would look like I have extra money to spend which I don't. Not sure of what the seller is doing especially during this pandemic other than trying to get the most money from other humans. Very very dissatisfied.
These are the best. Removed mildew from golf cart seat! Scratch off basement wall. You name it!
My husband has a goatee and mustache, so regular masks don't work well for him. They tend to creep down as he talks, uncovering his nose, which is problematic. I decided to order this mask for him and it seems to work. It's larger and the long attached string keeps lets it hang around his neck when he pulls the mask itself down. He likes it a lot. Thanks!
I will use this coffee mix and mix it with a mug of coffee for the benefits. If I need to add creamer, I will do that too. With me mixing it with my coffee, this should also cut down the taste of the instant.
This is a liquid. You use this to strengthen your bones and it can also be used to improve your nails, hair, skin and joints. If you only want to strengthen the bones, use 6 drops in a liquid once daily. To improve everything else, you would use 6 drops twice daily.
I will be putting this in one of my diffusers tomorrow. It smells good. I have a nice collection of oils and this makes a great addition.
This set has all the basic scents to get you started. You can use the different scents and blend them to make your own scent to have in your home. Many people use these in the humidity type diffuser and others use the diffuser that does not use water. I don't use water and I get some times scents in my home.
I was expecting a three pack from the picture....note to self: always read what is included, especially since this indicated 90 capsules and that is what I got. I got to this review too late in the day to try it. But tomorrow morning...watch out. I am back and it is the next day. I took the diet capsule and now waiting to see if it curbs my appetite.
and the nanoglass files are great. I also use the nanoglass foot rasps too. They just work better than other products and last much longer. You can wash them off as needed and they can work with or without some water on them. I especially like that I don't have to clip my nails. I can shape them up and clean up any rips or tears, unless it is the entire part of the nail that doesn't sit on your finger
This is an all natural product and it is recommended to purchase the gum massager too. I didn't get that. I will use a soft toothbrush to apply to my gums and that way, the gums will be healthier and that is always a good thing for a person.
This will help restore your ph and will help get your gut and urinary probiotics and prebiotics in check. This will help keep your vaginal health balanced and help to  prevent bacterial vaginosis. This, in turn, will help reduce yeast by balancing vaginal pH and support overall intimate health by using this probiotic for 7-14 days. In women, the urinary tract is not really in a good place and we tend to get more infections than men. But this will help keep them at bay.
I am wearing masks everywhere I go. I have been searching for the holy grail of masks. I have used the pieces inside the mask that are supposed to make it more comfortable and cooler (doesn't work).  I have tried the K95 masks (even one that gives you a daffy duck look) and other K95 that are more comfortable. I have used home made, cloth masks and none keep me from fogging up my glasses or allow me some coolness when I talk. I think I am claustrophobic.
Tonight, I will be using it again before I go to bed. The very first time I used it, I could hear my neck crack-a-lackin. I have such bad neck issues that I get bad headaches and dizziness. I am hoping this solves both issues. Otherwise, I will need to go to the doctor on the dizziness issue.
This supplement has the usual suspects for hair growth. Biotin is the big one of course. The other vitamins are just good vitamins to take and the minerals are general good minerals for health.
This is a UV-C for heating and air conditioning. It is installed in the area where the ductwork goes before it gets into your home. I have been using the smaller UV portable units but I have to be careful to not run it with the animals around or humans. This will prevent me having to do the getting everyone out of the house for a while and running the other ones.
and it really needed a squeeze bottle so that you can cleanse your bits and pieces off. This works wonderfully. When I am all done, I can dry everything or let everything air dry for the next use. If you have hemorrhoids, this will help you alot.
I have been taking apple cider vinegar with mother gummies for years. This brand has more than just apple cider vinegar. It also comes with B vitamins and other ingredients.
In the description, you get "Easy to USE: It has two fixing clips on both sides, and you can hang the 3D bracket on the face cover to prevent sliding. Then put on the face cover as usual." No, you can't. Further down you will see that they recommend either sewing it in place or using double sided tape. I was able to wear mine without any complications.
If your mask hurts your ears, or is too tight, this is for you. It is an earsaver package of silicone extenders and ear savers. I like that they are adjustable. For those of us with really long hair, it is nice to put the strap along the back of our neck.
I have started using this and will continue using it until I can see a difference in my loose skin and wrinkles. The technology is supposed to help both issues. Can't guarantee it does either. One way or the other, it does a good job applying your facial products, including masks.
I had given her mom one previously but she said she had never seen it because mommy keeps everything for herself. That is a 12 year old's opinion. So, I got her this one and if she can't get those blackheads our of her face with the machine, then she use the tools that are included.
I got the Mojito flavor because of the healthy teeth and gums. The taste was okay but left an aftertaste. That went away quickly. My mouth feels clean and fresh. I am thinking of getting the other flavor too that is for the freshest mouth.
You will do good to use spirulina. It is nutrient dense food and is good for you. It may also help with allergies. It helps remove metals. It also is very high in chlorophyll. Good stuff.
except in price, They taste alike, they look alike and they have about the same nutrient information and ingredients. So why pay more for what you need. This is normally given to people who need the nutrition from the shake. For me, the carbohydrates are too high. But for others, it is what keeps them going,
The man can't eat without spilling his food on his shirt. At home, in restaurants, you name it. And, I have been known to have a few stains too. I am going to spray this on our nicer clothing that I would like to keep stain free. I like that it repels liquids too
Not to mention myself. I have spilled mugs of coffee on my couch. The dogs have dribbled all over and Lord only knows what my husband has done. I sprayed the sofa with this to prevent stains. I haven't seen a stain yet.
The biggest thing, is that BHB salts are produced in the body when free fatty acids are broken down in the liver.It helps to produce energy in the absence of glucose. It also increases ketone production. This helps increase fat loss while improving lean muscle. BHB salts have a beneficial high absorption rate and act as a diuretic. Make sure you keep hydrated. And don't count on this to get you back in ketosis when you have not been on your diet properly. That can cause you to not lose weight. You get used to the flavor.
This is a rechargeable face sprayer that is easily used. You put your water in. Then you charge via the USB charging cord. Charging two hours will give you approximately 1000 PPB that will do wonders for your skin.
This is an okay straightener and curler. I personally did not find it better than the one I have been using. I think my granddaughter took it home with her and she has been using it just fine. She has a thick head of hair but the strands are fine like mine, so it is easy to work with our hair
I like the taste of this one. I like the clove and mint taste. And it really cleans your teeth well.
They aren't terrible. With such a small amount, I can gulp it down quickly. I actually had to go to look up what predigested hydrolyzed protein was. It is protein that has been reduced to the amino level. At that level, it is considered predigested and more easily absorbed.
At birthdays and Christmas, you always can use a box to put a gift in and the easier it works, the better. These are fine for that purpose. The folding instructions are on the sale page so you can easily find how to fold. The boxes are nice.
At birthdays and Christmas, you always can use a box to put a gift in and the easier it works, the better. These are fine for that purpose. The folding instructions are on the sale page so you can easily find how to fold. The boxes are nice.
When the puppy has an oops, I usually use a product with enzymes in it to break down the odors and any oops that needs to be removed. This I have been putting on the patio, where both go to potty to remove that odor, too. I have been using this all over the place. It takes a while to dry,  but it works.
I use superfood supplements all the time. Frankly, I think that is the only reason that I have yet to have the flu or any major illness in years. I take these, which are good for the gut.
I find that this helps with digestion, gas and many other gastric issues that you might have, including diarrhea and constipation.
I use a lot of stain removers. I have a puppy, an older dog and older husband and myself. We are all stain collectors. For me, just fixing a mug of coffee will result in coffee on my clothing. A nice amount. And if we go out to eat, I will surely get something that falls on me from the transportation with a spoon or fork. My husband always spills his food. The dogs leave stains all over the furniture and the floor - especially the puppy. He is about all done with going in the house, but I don't trust him to always go in the back to go potty. So, we have stain removers and use them darn near every wash.
This system can whiten your teeth. It does it gradually. Follow all the directions and use only as instructed. Do not use more than recommended. Keep in mind that if you don't follow the directions, you could cause sensitivity in your teeth, gum irritation, sore throat and uneven whitening.
I have issues with my feet. A chiropractor showed me how to relieve the pain by using a golf ball and rolling it around with the area of my foot that happens. These inserts help prevent that from happening and I can do without the golf ball.
when I make a mug of coffee, if I don't use powdered MCT oil, then I use this handy dandy convenient single serve MCT oil. I still get my kick for my coffee. It is an oil, and it doesn't emulsify that easily, but I just stir and drink and ignore any oil sitting on the top of my coffee.
Drink a bottle of this for recovery. It will hydrate your body and also restore minerals that you have lost from exercising. Your body will thank you for the coconut water based recovery drink. It has the BCAA's to help with glucose uptake in your muscles. It has taurine to up your workout game. Collagen peptides are in to help rebuild muscle. And then you have the other vitamins, minerals and salts to rehydrate your body and get you going again.
This is a huge urinal for women. Nothing discreet about this thing. I am not going to take it with me at all - I would rather go in the great outdoors instead.
Lots of room for morning and evening medications. Easy to open and stays closed. The cover is good for hiding your pills when you are on vacation. The cover is pretty but I expect it to eventually peel due to being PU leather
Make sure you don't poke your eye out though. It is nice to have a curl to your lashes and this will do the job, just be careful. Follow all directions carefully and you will pleased with the outcome.
When you have eye fatigue, headaches, sinus pressure that makes your eyes hurt, this little compress that puts steam and heat on your eyes can help. There are times that my sinuses get so bad, I have sharp pain right behind my eyeball. This seems to help
My daughter came over, saw it and told me to put this away, she has a feeling we will need it. Two vibes for the same item. So, even though I don't need it right now, I am keeping it until either me or someone in my family needs this. It is better to have this and not need it than to need it and not have it.
But it isn't waterproof, so your medication could melt away if you get caught in rain. It will work and most of us aren't caught in the rain all day everyday, so they can work. You could also put little mouth fresheners or gum in them too. When open, you also have a mirror bright interior lid to look in for fast fix ups.
After cleansing, spray some of this in the palm of your hand and spread on your face, neck and décolletage. After it has dried, you are ready to put on your moisturizing creams, lotions and serums. This is a good product and you will like it.
You will love this sonic cleaner. It is waterproof and it is soft. It does a great job cleaning. Oh, the purple version is a special edition which is no longer available and you can get it now in black or pink only.
The girl loves bath bombs and is usually the only one who gets them. This set, I had her mom take with her and they get to share them. They love them. It is so nice to give a gift that someone absolutely loves.
I would love to be able to say that this helped me with stress. But I can't. I couldn't tell a difference. I even tried some on my dog to see if it would make a difference. No, it did not. But it didn't harm either of us. Maybe this isn't strong enough for me. Or maybe I couldn't tell a difference because of my meds.
Or ear muffs. I find them both impossible to use at night, especially with my cpap. This is an item that I will be donating to charity. I am sure they will find someone who needs the warmth of the ear muffs and likes the sleep mask. Just not for me.
If you buy empty capsules, you can make your own capsules to swallow and save yourself the bitterness of this powder. I do not plan on purchasing capsules, so I will mix with my Manuka honey and water and drink it down. This is supposed to be great and I am going to believe in that as I drink each glass.
If you ever have suffered from constipation, then you already know that there are a lot of products available to make your bowels work easier the next morning. This is the stuff that is in many of them. If you need fiber, you psyllium husk, if you need to ease constipation, you use senna.
I get anxiety and lavender essential oil helps with calming. I also have the dogs smell me so that they can be relaxed during times when it is crazy around here. Like on the holidays when the neighbors light up fireworks for  a couple of weeks every single night.
If you are going out and sweating or working. You add the liquid to your water and this will help replenish electrolyte drops. If you have issues with leg cramps, this can help with that too.
anyone who feels like they need a nap after eating. This will stop the blood spikes and replace the chromium and amino acids that your body has lost during the day. You will have a more balanced blood sugar level if you drink one of these with each meal. Of course, I am still drinking my coffee, haven't had any meals and it is going on 4pm. I will definitely need one of these in a couple of hours when I eat.
It wasn't a pleasant experience for him or me. He had been doing Keto with me and didn't eat anything other than meat. Of course he got gout. Because I eat a lot of protein rich foods, I like to have this to break down the uric acid. I haven't had gout and don't intend to get it. So I keep well hydrated and use supplements like this. The minerals are great for you and you will feel better.
I need the natural skin healing for my eczema spots that will itch and be noticeable if I didn't have clothes over them, but then you have to itch through your clothing. I can use this on my face for the scales and also on my body. Double duty! Smells good too.
I started drinking my coffee with this mix in it to give me the bullet coffee effect. This will give you more energy and curb your appetite. You will need a blender to get this blended well. A spoon will not cut it.
It doesn't do diddly squat. The rasp is great - it has a coarse grind and a fine grind and it will do the job instead. The nail brush is like any other. It cleans your nails easily.
perfect portions for brushing teeth, rinsing with mouth wash and a handy spray container for freshening up your breath as needed.
These work great. The are long enough to wash dishes and do other household cleaning. You get 2 pair in different  colors so you won't get the ones for the bathroom mixed up with kitchen gloves. They keep your hands clean and do a wonderful job.
I don't have an iPhone X yet, but when I do get one, this is going on it. The rainbow colors are nice as are the the stars with holographic look and the glitter case. This makes a pretty interesting phone case. I like it.
I have seen others use these and they seem quite happy with them. So I needed one because I am so uncomfortable on planes. I am looking forward to using this. When you take a plane for over just a few hours, you really would like to sleep. This should help me. Especially since it also has an eye mask and noise plugs.
Started with the spinach and kale chips, the lipo3 spray and the supergreens with beneful. I usually don't eat anything when I am fasting, but I have been having difficulty getting back on track and this should help. After this is out, my South Beach supplies should be here and I can continue eating healthy and lose the weight I wish to lose. By the way, the supergreens are just how I like them. No yucky flavorings to hide the natural grass and chlorella taste.
But I don't get a lot of support from it. For your knee, you need more support than what this brace offers. The side supports are not metal, they are a plastic and bend easily enough. I don't fight the fit to be very good and am disappointed in this knee brace.
Start taking these before it gets to the point where you have to be put on antibiotics to cure the infection. Go with natural products when you can. Cranberries are great for getting the urine going and the milk thistle is good for your liver.
This blend is vitamins, minerals and other supplements, like chondroitin and more. This is aimed to provide you with flexibility, a good vitaminmineral supplement and herbal supplements.
You will find that as you get older, your eyesight needs help to maintain your vision. I have degenerative retinal disease and I take Vision Support to keep my eyes from getting worse. I have taken other brand names of the same formulation and so far, my disease has not gotten worse in the five or six years since being diagnosed. If you are diabetic, this is imperative to keep from getting diabetic retinopathy, glaucoma and cataracts.
This product has a lot of B vitamins and caffeine that will surely keep you awake. If you have one of those days where you really need to be awake at night, this most definitely will be beneficial. And after taking, if you feel a heated flush on your face, that is from the niacinamide and is a normal side effect and goes away in minutes.
I don't like putting this on my showerhose. It adds extra weight, and that would seem to be detrimental to the shower hose. I like the ones that are built inside the shower head. To me, this is less strain on the hose. But, I like the job they do in the shower.
Maca Powder is a superfood from Peru. You can mix some of the powder in your smoothies and you can also add some to your baking. It is good for giving you endurance. It is very nutritious but also has 20 grams of carbohydrates per serving.
I tend to get sinus headaches. When I take allergy and decongest medications to clear up my sinuses, they get dry, tender and this helps to moisturize that nose. I use a cpap at night, and that also tends to be drying, especially during the winter. I don't like using the water the humidify my sinuses, and this gives me a good start.
I am not a vegetarian, but I do use the vegan protein powder, as well as non-vegan. One generally mixes better than the other and there are usually less carbs in the non-vegan. I use them equally and have at least one protein powder serving each day. I typically mix it with my cottage cheese or with raisin bran. I like that this one has stevia in it. I have used stevia for so long that sometimes the one without stevia is too sweet.
I have been doing a lot of physical work and I get sore from the heavy lifting, this helps. This also replenishes my endurance so I can do more work. The taste isn't bad and you will need to blend to get the best mix. I mix up a glass and take a nice sip throughout the working.
First thing I did was look up what capsimax is. It is a proprietary blend with most likely black pepper, caffeine, niacin and capsicum extracts. It is not known exactly what is in the blend. It is a secret. Like the colonel's. Green tea, of course is a stimulant, like caffeine. The other ingredients are a laxative, garcinia cambogia, glucomannan - a fiber, and turmeric. Nothing bad is listed but because you don't know exactly what is in capsimax, it makes it difficult to know what you are taking. You should get hunger control and thermal benefits.
Turmeric is good for digestion, cholesterol, anti-inflammatory  and possibly diabetes. This one comes as a pure powder. Turmeric also has manganese and iron, which is good for your blood and your bones. The powder form is easy to use. Use it as a spice to your dishes or use it in smoothies.
I have wished I had these so many times in the past. Depending on how high the heels are, the more the ball of your foot hurts. You can't wait to get those babies off your feet. These will help your feet feel so much better. Rather than wearing sensible low heeled shoes, I will now be able to wear my pretty higher heels. They make my feet feel better about being on high heels. And my feet aren't aching like they usually would.
I like the probiotics for kids. It gives support to ear, nose and throat as well as the tummy. There are three strains of probiotics. Each container has 30 tablets that can be dissolved in the mouth. They are not to be swallowed. These are supposed to be orange burst flavor and I tried one and it wasn't so good. I don't know if most people are going to be able to get their children to let these dissolve. Besides the Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Streptococcus salivarius K12, there is also xylitol, inulin, sorbitol, natural orange flavor, magnesium stearate, silica, vegetable juice color, natural vanilla flavor, citric acid and ascorbic acid.
I have been using these reusable pads all week long. One lasts me all day long - I use them for slight incontinence - and they keep me feeling fresh. I will wash them in a gentle wash in a mesh bag and dry them flat. They should keep me in business for some time.
The Lemon Lime Sport Go Electrolyte powder is very high in carbs....36 of them in fact! For athletes, marathoners and long distance bikers, this is an excellent choice to rehydrate and get that extra burst of energy from carbs. For the rest of us who are not into sports, it works darn well when you have the flu or some other illness that depletes your hydration and energy. I generally will have my hubby get me Powerade, Gatorade or any of the other replenishing brands, when I am sick, not eating and having gastric issues. This could literally help you through the rough times. Same thing when you are out in the hot sun and need to keep hydrated. I am keeping this handy as one of my go to's when I am having issues.
I ordered the wrong size so I cannot tell you how well they work or don't work. I will have to wait to get a new grandbaby to find out. I will update when I can test them.
I like the Toniiq hydration vitamin. It is easier for me to take this to get hydrated and vitamins all in one. With diabetes II, after I take my medication, I tend to get dehydrated, no matter how much water I drink. Then I start feeling yucky. So I take Toniiq to rehydrate and feel better.
I like these bath bombs they actually smell like cotton candy  really beautiful coloring in the bath water🙂
Instant relief when putting these on. I am glad I purchased this as the amount of money a solution like this provides is substantial! (Dermatologists aren't cheap!)
Fit perfectly in my ears and i got the best night sleep as i did not have to listening to my husbands loud snoring!!! Have not gotten to use the other ear plugs in the set yet but i am sure they are just as great :) thumbs up ear joy
I work in the yard a lot, esp this time of year and my feet would start aching. Started using Blue Emu Foot Therapy cream and I now have no issues.  Also, this cream smooths out the slight cracks in my heels.
Good for removal of the oldest blackheads on soft skin, does not work well on thicker skin.
They work okay but my ear canals are super sensitive to the pressure which makes them hard to wear during sleep which is why I bought him.
Great tissues. A bit expensive
These pants waist extenders did work. One time only. They stretched like cheap ink pen springs. Don't waist your time even considering buying these.
The advertisement says five pack per box I received a Ziploc bag sealed with for only four I tried it on their comfortable there nice nice color but there’s not side there’s four
Did nothing at all for my milk supply.  Stick with straight Fenugreek!
It works great and the aloe makes it easier on the skin.  Be sure you wash your hands after applying it.
This is the first diffuser I've purchased and it does not disappoint.  The fragrance is powerful yet not overwhelming. It has a clean, soft scent and I can smell it throughout my room. This makes an excellent gift for men or women. I'll be buying more, this Soleil scent is hard to find.
I discovered this at my local gymspa. I love it, just wish it was not sooooooo expensive!  I don't understand why it is so expensive, it's only coconut extract. I'd love to find something less expensive...anyone know of something similar?
I ordered this on a Thursday afternoon and it was delivered about 18 hours later!!!  However, I couldn't keep this on because my arm would sweat and the band slipped off!!  I found it uncomfortable, the velcro rubbed against my upper arm whenever I bent my arm.  I am really surprised that no one has mentioned the sweating!  The inside of the strap is rubber!!  I will be sending this back for a refund.
Not great compression. Unfortunately I wasn't able to return these, so I'm stuck with them now. I wouldn't purchase them if you need tighter (20-30mmhg) compression as they fit more like sort of snug socks.
Use this to soak all white clothes, especially little league white sliding pants. Takes out every kind of stain.
Truly the best..tried megsorb and all..this wins it all..
- UPDATE - After 6 months of on and off usage (I would guess about 125 wearings) the main band hook-and-loop (Velcro is one brand of hook-and-loop) type closure is shot!  The 2 straps start separating as soon as they are attached. One good cough or bending over and SCRITCH!...it pops open.  I am most certainly not a big person so I am not stressing the connection in that respect. ALL hook-and loop does wear out. The hooks start to get straightened out with repeated pulls of the loop side and subsequently they stop grabbing and holding the loop.  The highest quality products have thick, stout hooks that last a very long time.  I feel that should you plan on wearing this item everyday you may be buying 2 or 3 a year.  Aside from this issue rendering the brace unwearable I still feel this is a fantastic brace.*ORIGINAL POST*This is not the first posture corrector I  have purchased through Amazon but it will be the last.  This is a very well engineered and constructed product and I commend the sellermanufacturer on delivering a corrector that actually works!I had been going through progressive slouching, shoulder slump, and FHP (Forward Head Position)...to the layman like me that just means not looking straight ahead but down to differing degrees.  I had been told that I was looking down all the time.  In actively assessing myself I found that to be true.  This observation of slumping over and head position led me to understand why I was going through progressive upper back, shoulder, and neck pain.  Every morning and evening I was on an acetaminophen and ibuprofen regimen.My previous posture corrector experience was awful.  Poorly engineered, uncomfortable, and one size fits all seems to be the norm.In receiving this product box I was a bit apprehensive;  I didn't want further disappointment.  I gave this purchase a 4 star review for two reasons.  I really want to give a 5 star review because the product ACTUALLY WORKS AS ADVERTISED but there are a couple of issues. If I could give a 4.5 star review I would. For better or worse positive change occurs on Amazon through the process of accurate and honest reviews.My first reason for not rating my experience as a 5 may seem petty to some but I feel it has importance.  On opening the box and removing the brace there was not a single stitch of product literature included.  In my humble opinion, basic information regarding the product itself, guarantee explanation with returnrefund information, and some basic seller contact information should have been included.  There were none of the pages that can be seen on the Amazon website that are just great.  Copies of the photos and fitting instructions should also have been with the product. I was going back and forth between my computer and my bathroom mirror to assure proper fitment. When I first put this on it did not feel right and I found that I was wearing it too low by looking at the photo of the model.  For future reference, when not logged on to the computer, having package inserts would be fantastic.Now to the corrector. Once I was properly fitted it was immediately obvious that this device was going to prove beneficial.  When I first strapped it on it seemed that I would only receive moderate correction.  I realized that I was not holding my shoulders, neck, and head up straight and in proper alignment before stretching and attaching the shoulder straps to the belly band.  Upon doing this correctly, a significant amount of support was felt.  By pulling pretty tight on the straps while in proper posture before attachment of the bands, my alignment is now perfect. My posture without the corrector was poor...but not as bad as I have seen with other people. In order to retain proper alignment with the corrector I had to give the straps a pretty good stretch.  I am 5'11&#34; tall and 190 pounds.  It is only reasonable that the device straps will have to be pulled tighter for a bulkier person; there is just going to be more physical resistance to correction. If you are smaller than me such tension may not be required.This is where my second issue is keeping me from a 5 star review comes up.  For those of use requiring extra tension on the straps to maintain proper spinal alignment, the straps can &#34;cut&#34; into the armpits to an uncomfortable degree.  Some sort of well designed underarm cushioning would be greatly appreciated.Lastly, I can only wear this brace for about 2 hours before my back muscles start aching.  I do not consider this to be a negative in any way...actually it is quite the opposite.  This lets me know the brace is working as advertised.  Those muscles in my back have been stretching and stretching over the years and are at the heart of my poor posture.  They are not enjoying being &#34;re-compressed&#34;.  Tough!  Over time muscle fibers begin to grow together.  This corrector, I feel, will facilitate just that. Take tension off the brace as soon as you begin to feel any of the aching I have described above.  Continued use after that point will cause discomfort for some time after the brace is removed.  For some people I imagine this period of initial correction may be as short as 45 minutes to an hour (perhaps even less for the elderly...I am going to get one for my 70 year old mother if she gives in to trying it. It takes time to gain new muscle memory.  The longer you use the device every day the length of time you will be able to wear it comfortably will most likely extend. In using this corrector, these aching muscles will begin to calm down over time.  The support is not just holding things in place, it is forcing the body to improve itself.  I fully believe that actual POSTURAL HEALING will take place and down the road I will only need the support as a  reminder rather than a maintainer.I wear a T-shirt every day and even when tightly tucked in the corrector is virtually invisible underneath it.  From when I first put the corrector on in the morning I do not take it off until bedtime.  I simply go through comfortable cycles of tensioning the main strap and releasing it when I feel it is needed...the device is lightweight and unobtrusive.  Only the tightest or sheerest of clothing would give away it's presence.Bravo Tigoof!  You really have a winner here and I highly recommend this product to anyone experiencing postural issues such as mine (slouching, Forward Head Position, and shoulder slumping) and suffering from the chronic neck and shoulder pain that I was.  As an aside, my working at the computer for any extended period of time would get to feeling fiery in the upper back. I don't do computer work now without the brace,  and no longer experience that discomfort. I HIGHLY recommend this support to long duration computer users.This is a fantastic product you should feel very secure in purchasing.  The few negative things I mentioned are more than likely issues specific to me (or perhaps to other people my size or larger).  I am confident that if you order the correct size and find the just-right fit for you this corrector will prove itself to be quite an asset.  If you don't feel just that way, contact the seller.  They are fantastic to work with.  I can't wait for my few issues to be dealt with in some fashion for all future purchasers so I can I can come back and give this product a SOLID 5 STAR RATING! I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.Good Day & Good Back,STLaffoon
I do not like the boxes the tissues are in.  Who designs these things?? they're terrible.  But the tissues are the softest I have found, therefore I purchase them, yucky boxes and all.
Who knew Mr Clean could clean up everything!
Better than I expected
I really like this. great concept.
Reliable over the years, long lasting, wash cloth of choice. 4 Stars.
Decent socks, surprisingly so, and they look good in the process.
I have been searching for a protein powder that tastes good when mixed with water ... this is awesome!  No, it isn't like drinking fresh juice, and it IS VERY heavy on the coconut flavor, but I love coconut and this Caribbean Cooler is just perfect for me!  I have 6 more flavors to try from Syntrax ... I hope they are all this good!
My grandma used Biz forever. When I found it on Amazon, I thought, why not give a try. The results were unparalleled.I use it all the time.
This eyelash curler was already charged but failed to get hot after 10 min of being on. After trying it on my eyelashes, as I pressed on it, the plastic cracked. I can not recommend. Shipping was okay.
Well made flexible insert, if that fits your need!
Great replacement for current unit, easy to install.
It works but hard to get out of tube
I have been taking Flexoplex on and off for several years to combat degenerative OA in both knees (I purchase it directly from the manufacturer's website).  It works.That being said, I'm not a fan of the 'other ingredients' used in this product so I'm going to look for something else that contains some of the same ingredients but without magnesium stearate, silicon dioxide and shellac.
Not just this one but others that I tried just do not work when training a puppy.  On this one.  I cleaned the pee spot and sprayed it on.  Puppy went back to the spot and peed next to it.  It would be funny if I wasn't peeved.
Awesome product, super quick shipping!
Awesome product, super quick shipping!
A bit pricey but Cascade powder is what I wanted and the quality is great. Clean and sparkle dishes when done.
These are too wide for between toes.  They were so uncomfortable I couldn’t wear them.  Returned.
I work out and always looking for a protein bar to use as a snack.  These bars tasted great. I bought the variety pack. Ignore the negative reviews.... I have read most all the negative feedback and I disagree. I am enjoying my bars and will buy again from this company. Eating healthy is a lifestyle!
Arrived today, happy with purchase.
This is so cheap. Looks like a toy. Didn’t even turn on.
I was using white vinegar to clean my dishwasher. Cheaper right? Vinegar is used for a lot of other good things, but it can cause damage & void your warranty. These tablets do what they are intended to do. Clean a dishwasher with excellent results while leaving a pleasant odor, which vinegar does not. I use these tablets when the dishwasher is empty as recommended. Other brands state that their tablets can be added to a full load of dishes while being cleaned.
Not Recommended
Super easy way to really clean between your toes. It would be 10 times more effective if the handle were 15 inches longer
fit the WP-100 and works great thanks for making the replacement as our hose cracked at the handle.  Getting more use out of the unit.  TX&#62;&#62;
I didn't really see any difference when I was taking these. I was hoping I would actually see a difference, but I still had low milk production.
My elderly disabled mother (5' 225 lbs.)  has no issues using this.  It is sturdy and very helpful for her getting in and out of her bed.
Absolutely great product. It cleans even things that are really stuck, without scratching the surface. These last for a long time and don't fall apart for months. I have not found great sponges like these since I used to buy them in israel. It's the real deal, just like the ones from israel. It feels like home !
What can I say - it does the job
UPDATE : 41619 I ended up sending both bottles back for a refund. I honestly think this is just a hype or maybe the quality of this one isn’t the greatest? I didn’t notice any difference in healing the cuts on my hands. Everyone spoke about this like it’s “magic in a bottle” my experience wasn’t like others. Maybe everyone’s body reacts to this stuff differently? A lot of “ maybe’s”I also tried this in a DIY hyaluronic acidserum. Let’s just say it looked DISGUSTING! I’ve been making this serum for a very long time and I have never had another product I added in, make it look like this. If you can imagine what it looked like ladies...... let’s just say it didn’t mix well no matter what I did, it left yucky red specs all over my face, it just looked nasty in the jar and eye dropper.Either way, I wasn’t a fan.I might try a different brand or form of it in the future. I’ll have to continue with my research. To each of their own. You may need to try it, maybe you’ll have a better outcome then I did. It’s not that expensive, around $10 a bottle.****************************************************Besides My bottles being squished really bad when delivered, I’m still not sure about this product or dragon blood in general. This is the first time I’ve ever bought it. I’m not sure what the hype is about it either. It Makes me wonder if the reviews are fake?Although Ill admit, I haven’t been using it long. About a week or so. I’m going to continue to use the first bottle and see what the results are after using it longer. I had bought two but won’t open the 2nd one just yet.I bought it for two reasons, healing cuts, eczema on my hands and wrinkles under my eyes. (I’m 35 so the wrinkles aren’t that bad)The day I received it in the mail, my cat scratched me wicked bad on my Hand. ( he fights me when I give his medicine sometimes)I put this stuff on my scratches for the last 5 days, I honestly don’t see any difference in the healing process. Everyone claims it heals wounds, cuts and scratches fast. Well mine aren’t healed yet or any differently if I had not used it. I made sure to put it on at night so it will stay on throughout the nights. It stayed on too and wouldn’t come off until I washed my hands with water. It came off better with soap.I’m not doubting this Is fake. It’s definitely the consistency that it should be. I researched it a lot before buying it. It’s very bright red and will STAIN anything that it touches. So be careful. Once you start to rub it in, it turns a white color but still stains your skin red.I put this on my face under my eyes different ways. First I tried it alone. The next few nights I added it to my retinol serum, then I tried it mixed with my face lotion. I know it’s only been a week and facial products do take time to work but I haven’t noticed any difference in the appearance of wrinkles or skin texture.  I’ll continue to put it on for 4-6 weeks since that’s how long it usually takes for that stuff to work. I think I’ll go back to just using the dragons blood only. This way I’ll know if it’s that, that’s working and not my serums and lotions. I also make my own DIY serums and lotions, I wasn’t able to find any recipes online with dragons blood in the ingredients. Maybe I’ll play around with it...I’ve swapped out my prescription ointment for the eczema on my hands, and put the dragons blood on it and just that. again, at night so it’s on all night. Once I stopped my regular regiment, my hands got bad immediately. Blisters started forming and the dryness came back. Because I don’t want to risk it getting bad again since it’s a pain to clear up, I’m no longer going to continue to use it for that. I’m going back to the ointment.This doesn’t have much of a scent. It’s very light. And same for the taste. I only put a drop on my tongue.I don’t know about consuming it. Although I don’t have a reason to.I want to mentioned that there’s really isn’t too much on the internet about dragons blood. I mean I found some stuff but not all that much. There’s some stuff on YouTube but it’s mostly silly stuff about “ potions and spells” nonsense lolI’ll come back to update my review once I’m done with the first bottle, maybe the second if I decide to keep it and use it. I might try the resin instead. The one that comes in a rock form. Maybe I’ll have different effects with that?
Normally, I dislike anything that has a strong odor, whether it be detergent, fabric softener, or dryer sheets.  But these have a different sort of fragrance to them which isn't all that offensive, and they've left my clothing with a fragrance that isn't strong.  I would buy these again.
My kids asked me to buy this and I am pleasantly surprised at how well it works!  You position it over your bug bite, pull the plunger a few times and allow it to "suck" the bite and then presto, the itch is gone!
Apparently there is no return option for “probably tastes like whatever my dog tried to roll in”. This is unfortunate, because I’m pretty sure this stuff tastes like … feet, a**, something equally nasty… whatever it is, it’s not the mint flavor I ordered, nor the citrus-mint flavor I received. Awful stuff, wish I could return it.
These are really cute, just sturdy enough to stuff, not so tough the kids can’t get into them.
You are paying for the design but its great mat overall
Cheap quality
I purchased these to replace discolored nose pads on my old glasses. (Nose pads absorb oil from your skin and yellow with age.) These are great -- very soft and easy to install. You will need a tiny screwdriver to install them. For 2 pairs of glasses it took about 10 minutes to remove the old pads and replace them with these.
These work awesome on everything listed on package. You don’t need cleaner with it , great for anyone with allergies!
Works great
While I do like the fabreze brand I wasn’t impressed with this item.  It doesn’t remotely smell of pine and I’m not exactly sure just what it does smell like.  Besides being an unrecognizable fragrance it’s also very strong smelling and that’s not a good thing!  I wouldn’t buy this scent again.
It is a great  buy and at an excellent price- except for the shipping cost. The packaging was OK, except that it could easily have gotten damaged; but it did not get damaged. It was fine. I gave the tip in the  credit card purchase along with the shipping cost and, of course, the tax.
WOW You get 30 rolls of the best toilet paper I have found and a box of sturdy 30 gallon trash bags it doesn't get any better than that
This does what it’s supposed to . It holds my mask in place securely without hurting my ears.
I was happy to find this product . It was accurate with my known allergies and I discovered an allergy I was unaware of . I like that you can do this from home amd so t have to go to, or call a dr to order . It’s a good value . It is easy to use and comes with everything you need.
These are easy to use, strong and convenient! I like these much better than floss. They are convenient to take traveling . They fit in an empty medicine container and my husband keeps them in that for easy transport and storage.
This works like it’s major competition. It smells nice and does it’s job eliminating odor before you go. It is a good value with the two pack .
Works great. This product works great for cleaning my daughters face. She has acne and wanted a item like this so this was great for her. She likes the vibrating feature it really helps get her pores clean. It is soft and gentle on her skin but does a good job in cleaning it thoroughly. Charges fairly quickly and hold a charge for several uses.
I wish this product  was available years ago. This is the most amazing product for mosquito bites. I’m the one that’s bit  in my family I’m always getting bit and scratch like crazy. If you use this right away you too will be  amazed that it worked so well. The itching will be gone. There was still swelling but it did not itch. It’s so simple to use. I actually have the original namebrand one and I prefer this one better because the finger loops make it easier to use. I cannot say enough positive things about this product! The price is excellent , especially since you get three of them. I keep one on my purse and one in the car and another in the first aid kit. This is one purchase you will not regret!!
Good quality balloons and banner. The balloons are helium quality so they will stay up for several hours with helium.
Good fit, well made. These are easy to cut if you need to customize them to your shoes. They are soft and comfortable and help support my arches. This is a good value as it comes with two sets.
These are thick and comfortable and fit well in my shoes. These are well-made.
I couldn’t get this to spray nicely. It started to spray in a stream, not a mist.
This product looks cool and I thought I would like it. However it’s a bit difficult to open, and there have been several times where I’ve opened it and the meds have spilled out.
I love the style of these glasses. The lenses are larger than some so I have a larger reading area. These are lightweight and mostly comfortable but are a little tight on my head. They won’t slip off so that’s nice , maybe they will loosen up with breaking them in, I will update my review if they get a little looser upon use . I like that they come in blue and red so they go with several different outfits. The 2.25 reading level is perfect for me to use my phone. I like that they block the blue light because I do use my phone before bed. Although they are lightweight they are strong.
These are now something you may need if wearing a mask for  many hours a day, several days a week.  The silicone doesn't pull on your hair so its comfortable. It can be a bit small depending on the size of your head. My husband has a big head and it can be tight depending on the mask straps.  They worked fine for me and they have saved my ears from chafing.  The ear loops hook easily over the button thingy on the extender.  Th extender has a small amount  of stretch so you can adjust your mask for the comfort level you prefer.
This is a great product To keep the mask off your face. It has helped keep my acne at bay since the fabric stays off my chin. It also helps by preventing the mask from messing up my lipstick. It is comfortable and makes it easier to breathe in the mask by keeping fabric from my face. The pieces that go behind your head to prevent the earloops from hurting is also good but its a bit tricky to put on. You have to put the mask on your head first and then apply the piece. It fits well with the multiple parts for adjusting it to a great fit.
These soft earplugs worked great on my last airplane flight. It blocked out the sound from the engine and a crying baby! I like these better than the kind you squish and push in your ear. The comfort is better and they remove so easily with the tab for removal. The carrying  case is nice to keep them secure and from being lost.
This is an easy and effective way to ice an injured area. I use it on my leg where I was injured and also  it works greats on leg cramps at night. The roller part stays in the freezer for when you need it . You just pop on the roller to the handle and it’s ready to go. It rolls easily and smoothly and then when you are done it cleans up easily. The roller stays icy cold for plenty of time - I have yet to run out of cold while using . The handle fits my hand nice and it it comfortable to hold and use. The roller rolls smooth. This also works great when I have neck pain or a migraine.
comfortable and absorbent
Don't Go without it!
It pulls really bad! Like it’s been run through  “dulling” machine 😬😖
Did not work.  I returned this item
This TENS unit is by far the best! I have terrible chronic pain and not much at all has helped me, this helps me relax so much and gives me relief. Thank you so much for making this product! I HIGHLY recommend it. If you are looking for great quality and pain relief then this is your device!
....Why I didn't purchase one of these till now is beyond me. Seriously. This is definitely a purchase I'm proud of and anyone blowing up a bunch of balloons the old fashion way needs to just take the leap and get one. i still haven't figured out how to use the balloon tie plastic finger thing, but i'm sure there is a youtube video out there...
Works fine
I am really enjoying having a foot soak again. While I often add my own warm water to start, this model is true to it's feature of being able to heat water (to a warm but safe temperature), as well, it maintains the warmth. I have seem others complain about the plastic "massage" pieces being to hard but did not find that to be the case and for those who have more sensitive feet, these parts are removable. Personally, I find the added round pumice stone and other changeable parts not to be as effective as my preference for full size equivalents but those "bonus" parts are not why I purchased this modelbrand.  Overall, I am very satisfied and would recommend this foot soak to others.
I was skeptical about buying this but I'm so glad I did. It absolutely works. No more itchy mosquito bites. Instantly gets rid of symptoms right after use.
My husband really likes this beard balm. I had gotten him the starter sample set initially and he liked it enough to purchase the full size balm. I like that the scent is mild and light. A little pricey for what it is, but it lasts a very long time so it's worth it overall. The guitar pick included for scooping out the product is a nice touch.
I love this works great
Use this in my bubble bars and it works great!
This has truly saved my life! I use this twice a day to clean my eyes and eyelids, and it truly has been a lifesaver. I was struggling terrifically with dry eye syndrome until my doctors advice nurse suggested I try this. I can’t live without it!
I have been buying these little guys for quite some time! I love them because they are unscented and they are not huge. This time when I bought them the packages are different… They do not have the same plastic lid and the biggest difference is the wipes are not layered within one another so that when you pull one out the next when it’s ready. There is no way little hands or fingers of little children are going to be able to figure out how to get the wipes out. I end up pulling out wads of them! I am not sure why this changed and I do not like it and I will not buy these again until I can be assured that they are layered so they come out of the container easy.
I love these earplugs. They are great for sleeping and for swimming. Best earplugs on the market right now.
Same as I was using
Strange and a little stinky(like vinyl or chemical smell), but I guess it does stretch my neck and hold my head in place.
This is an excellent blood pressure monitor. There are only a few minor quibbles that doesn't take away from how good the unit performs.Pluses- Very well made- Attractive shape and appearance- Large, easy to read display- Well written & informative user guide- Voice prompts provide start status and read out of results- 2 user memory function- Cuff has instructions that provide guidance on proper fit- Micro USB power option- Results were accurate (in line with results received during annual physical exam)Minuses- 3 AAA batteries not included- USB cable & charger are also not includedIn a lot of cases with devices that take batteries, you normally get really cheap no-name batteries. I don't mind that they're not included, as I'd rather spend the money on good quality alkalines or rechargeables. But I can see where not having batteries to get you started would be a bummer. Likewise, I'm not really disappointed that a charger isn't included, especially at this price point.Those little inconveniences aside, the unit works incredibly well. It's easy to know the direction when placing the cuff on. The user guide is well written; it was easy to follow the step by step instructions. Even though I could see the results on the large LCD screen, it was to have the voice prompts let me know my results. I see this as a great benefit to elderly people who may have a little trouble reading the screen. And you can save your results to memory, for 2 separate users, to recall at a later date. Nice.
They did the job and they are nice, not cheap at all. Tho the price is high for stickers.
This roll on smells like menthol and goes on icy cold. I get a cooling, soothing sensation for about 15-20 mins then nada. It’s nice to use after a workout or long day so it’s been great for me, but you will need to constantly reapply for lingering aches.
I’ve never Used this type of mouthwash but am attracted to the concept and simple ingredients. I took a gulp of water, then took two droppers, then swished. It Tastes fresh and minty without the burn. Seems effective for eliminating bacteria and odor. Per volume of prepared product, I think this concentrate is a good value, maybe a slight premium for a higher quality product.
I used this after the cake foaming cleanser. The powder doesn’t come out as easily as I would like. I had to rub the blobs into my toy. I feel my toy is left clean and soft. The ingredients are nothing more than cornstarch so it’s pretty overpriced, but it works.
This supplement has a pleasant, sweet taste. I took the recommended dosage but had no noticeable results. It claims to be fast acting, combating anxiety and aiding with relaxation. I have never used kava products, and Sadly this didn’t work for me :(
 This fish oil comes in well packaged and sealed as well as clear in its 50-day quantity as well as expiration date and various other contents. The fish oil capsule slowly melts in the mouth and it tastes delicious.
Great to have on hand
Very little product. Not worth what I paid.
The lining makes a big difference!
My husband loves these!
Worked great keeping mosquitoes away
Love it and it's safe!
They are smaller than expected. I had to attach the two together to go around my leg. Doesn't seem to be  a lot  of compression.
I wish I knew how these worked. I had a really old shower that was stained and just plain ugly. I gave up on all other products and tried the Magic Eraser. It took all the old stains off the shower.
As stated above. Does work or jean material, not on cloth furniture. Do NOT recommend.
Surgery on my smallest finger. This worked perfect to help keep the bagade secure and clean. It’s a lot of product so I’m using it to cover my embroidery 🧵 spools of thread too!  I will keep it on hand for other uses. Might go cat fishing. Lol!
I miss living on the beach so this brought the scent to the Midwest for me. It’s bright, salty and fresh. It’s also a little too strong with windows closed, so dialing the warmer down is a must.
I had to purchase these migrasticks cuz a friend let me use hers for my headache and it really helped. Plus it smells amazing. Just don’t put too close to the eyes, when putting on temples.
love and will buy again!
I picked up a bottle at a teacher's training in upstate NY and I thoroughly enjoyed the drink! So much so that I saved the bottle to buy on Amazon once I return home to Boston. Little did I know that what I scanned into Amazon came up a different looking bottle. Same product, different look.I'm the sure the 2 reviews before me had a horrible experience, but I really REALLY liked the taste of the mineral greens. My bottle of the drink tasted similar to golden milk aka Tumeric Milk with a touch of greens.It seems that the different bottles taste different. I sure hope that someone on Amazon will choose to sell the Mineral Greens that come in the bottle that I was introduced to.
Love these!
I was not compensated in any way for the review of this product. I suffer from joint damage in both knees therefore I need a rise in my toilet seat so I can easily get up and down. Guests to my home that do not have bad knees also state how much they like having the extra boost on the toilet. I had a different brand of toilet seat booster prior to this that had a much more comfortable seating portion,it was wider and was made of a better feeling plastic however after about two years of use the locking mechanism on that seat failed. This new seat is made of a  harder plastic that is not as comfortable and the width is not as generous  however the side screw is on the backside rather than the front side and the seat is much more secure, there is no wobble once that seat is fully screwed in. The screws are very easy to adjust with large wing nut typed screws that are also me made of plastic. That being said I do believe it will give me a good two years of use. I would recommend this product one star deducted for for the narrowness of the seat.
Very sturdy, easy to use and you can pick up a dime with it
I love the scent and the calming feeling it gives.
Great cleaner! Took marks off my white walls that I couldn't get off with other cleaners, and I tried a lot!
Absolutely love this!
We are big fans of this flavor and the coconut. Wish they were less expensive but they aren’t.
I rubber my legs with various amounts of pressure before and after a shower and not a single hair came off.
this just plain didn't work. didn't spin, didn't clean.
Helped painful feet.
Update 21921- so the green one is good. We found the orange one in a sheet in the closet. It had only been used a few times. My husband forgets to look good when we wash sheets. I found the orange one and for some reason it's dried out. The green one isn't dried and I've used it a lot. I'll stick to ordering the ones from Walmart. My husband said that's how it looked the day he took it out of washer and dryer. The pic I took doesn't really do justice but it's dark, cracked and dried. Feels like a dog biscuit in my hand. I've used the green one more and it's still green, sticky and works well.Old review-These really work at getting the hair off. Only thing I can say is that it is hard to collect the hair off of it before you want to throw them into a new load of dirty clothes because it's so tackysticky. Wet it and pull off the hair or get a hair roller to collect any debris off them while dry. It also will stick to the wall of washinging machine or dryer. I'm not sure if they really get a chance to tumble through the clothes before it clings on to the walls of machine. No instructions came with or the usual packaging. The ones I have been using can be put in washer and dryer. So far I can do the same with these.
Was dubious when I bought these but quickly saw that I have been wasting good money buying the brand name replacements; these fit perfectly and are of the same quality as the ones that cost much, much more. Will definitely order again and buy myself something nice with the money I saved!
Exactly what I was looking for. Just wish it were bigger.  Works great with oil and easy to hold when doing someone's back.
Overall for $11 is okay.We didn’t use the adhesive that comes with it because it was obvious it was not going to work so we use normal double side tape 3MMFaster and less complicated.
First off, I've been working with technology for literally 20 years and in that time I have set up and troubleshooted wireless networks and even with all of that experience I could not get this thing to set up. Why? Because they don't tell you it ONLY SUPPORTS 802.11b!!! This is literally 1999 technology, folks. Unless you have an antique router or a rotuer that expressly supports this antiquated standard that you would normally want to have turned off because it slows your network down, don't even bother.Terrible experience. Who would have thought a wifi scale would be a bad idea. &#62;:-P
This tobelife CW001 Mini Ozone Generator O3 Air Purifier works really well in small spaces.  It doesn't generate too much ozone as a lot of them do. It's rechargeable and the battery last a good long time.  It works great for my car and gym bag but has trouble with a mid sized room.  My only real complaint is they say to mount it high for best results in the instructions but only give you a very short USB cord.  Where I mounted it is hard to get to so I had to run a USB extension cable.Regardless, it's much better portable and in the car so I will be ordering a couple more for my locker, gym bag and car.  This is perfect for those uses.  I still want to see if it does anything in my workshop where it's mounted in the pictures.  I highly recommend this for the uses I mentioned and we'll see about a mid sized room but I'm afraid it just isn't designed for that use.
I think the use of noise cancelling is a little lost in translation but otherwise these were great and came in really handy.  When I travel and am in a secured place it's nice to be able to block out all the noise and get some good rest.  These did an excellent job.  I also used them when going to the shooting range and they worked great there also.  Having the different sizes meant I had an extra pair to give to someone that didn't have proper ear protection at the range. The hard carrying case is great to have as well or I would've lost them a long time ago.To be noise cancelling they would have to produce a counter noise, so the use of that term is incorrect but they do block out a good amount of sound.  I was very happy with them and had no problems with them at all.
They are okay but I need more of an arch support
Used for a few years but I switched to a new product
Used to rebuild my spine.
This is all new to me, what a wonderful extract I have used it for a week or so and I feel more energy and overall well being. I purchased this for a discount for my honest opinion.
I love the chance to try different items. Thanks
I like keeping these in the office for those mid afternoon hunger cravings.
There's not much to describe. It is a simple product and I received exactly what I wanted.
I love Derma Nu products in general and I have used many of their items. This toner is no exception to their quality products. First of all, it smells divine. A very soft natural rose smell;not in the old fashioned sense but soft and natural. It is more like a fresh blossom on the vine. It is very gentle to the skin and works well to cleanse as well as tone the skin when just sprayed lightly over your skin.I would highly recommend this toner especially if you have dry or sensitive skin. It's really a perfect toner for these skin types. I have used everything from high end to drug store and I have found Derma Nu products to be among the very best available and they are also very affordable here on Amazon. I hope this helps :)If this review is helpful to you, please click yes so it can be helpful to others as well. Thank you so much for reading!
I love this for trigger points on my neck. If you don't want deep pressure, it's not for you.
Very cheaply constructed and did not hold together for my elbow-- would not recommend it
These boxes are perfect for gifting baby outfits or shirts. I love that they come with the bows too so it's really easy and convenient to wrap a gift in a stylish way. I received these at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
Very good product. Expecting the maker keeps its integrity. It does help with a variety of health issues, with reliability. I highly recommend this product. The reason for the only four stars is because the seller has increased considerably the price of it. I will be searching for other options, although I trust this specific brand. I appreciate the seller's delivery, also.
Perfect for the window in my foyer.
I'm a small guy at 165lbs, so it took some breaking in for this cushion to finally give my hamstrings some relief...but now, I can't drive without it. If you're a truck driver and you're looking for a cushion, this is the one you want to get as all others WON'T cover the dimensions of the factory truck seat.
(original review)It's ok.Nothing really special.  Certainly not worth the $99(Update Review 33115)The razor has now fallen apart after NO more than a dozen uses since purchasing last September.  I typically use a razor to shave my head, but on occasion, I just felt like being lazy and use this electric razor.One of the blades fell off last week and I thought nothing of it. Just put it back on, easy-peasy, and kept on shaving.The next day I used it again, and the (presumably) blade fell out again.  This time it wouldn't go back into place. A plastic clip had broken, and was not fixable.Waste of $100.
A great collection of Ingredients in one mix ... I'm a 330 lb Male and 1 dose Gives me a good (non-jittery) energy boost, and even if I'm hungry I won't want to eat_ I don't workout, I just  take this at work about mid-shift since I have a Physically fast paced job and it keeps me going goodTHE TASTE:Rotten Raspberry - Lemon RindYeah, it's bad....However - with a simple trick you can get it tasting actually good....REMEDY For Bad Taste:When I mix me a concoction of this stuff I use an 18.5 OZ PLASTIC BOTTLE and fill it 60% full of FILTERED WATER_I use a KITCHEN FUNNEL and scoop into the bottle 1-12 scoops of the ROOTZ MIX and shake well_Get some POWDERED WELCH'S GRAPE DRINK MIX (it's actually low sugar per scoop), and scoop about only 12 - 34 a Scoop (provided in container) into the bottle via Funnel_ Shake well, fill up with Filtered Water, shake well again_This will neutralize the awful bitterness & tartness without making it sweet or loading it with sugar_If you prefer it sweet you can add a little more Grape Mix_As for a Remedy for the graininess .... If it's annoying then get a small Marble Mocaljete and pummel the powder finer_ I haven't done this yet but it's a logical solutionI only gave it 4 *'s because it seems that the makers could easily remedy the terrible taste & graininess pretty easily so for lack of a little effort I couldn't rate it 5*
Great Product.
These patches really do relieve the pain. They can be cut to whatever size you need.They stick extremely well.
Nice snug fit. Does give me knee pain relief. Seems better than my T Copper sleeve.
Couldn’t sit in at office chair all day without it. So comfortable, I could sit on it 247!
The package was difficult to access and a very limited amount for the price. They did give me a refund.
Meh. It does the job ok, but you have to clean it after every swipe and it gets tedious
Does a FANTASTIC JOB!! Used Cascade for 3 years. Worth every penny!!
These have the texture of the peppermint but not the power. I was expecting a strong flavor like the peppermint version but they fell short. A good mint but not what I want.
I am a woman who wears a size 812-9 in shoes, but a 3X in clothes and have larger calves.  These are too small for my calves. I could not quite get them pulled all the way up, and they slide down.  They *almost* fit- but not quite.That said, the fabric is fantastic, lightweight, comfortable. The grey and white stripes are fun.  I wear compression socks mainly for traveling, and the lighter fabric would be so much more comfortable in the tropical regions I've traveled. I like them very much, and they probably do fit most people with wider calves.
So far i have used it about 6 times and it has given me great results. I bought this no discounts no anything free like most others in these reviews most of these days. Usually it takes me about and hour and a half to do my entire head i have a lot. With this it cuts down to about 30 minutes or so. It heats up in about 3-5 minutes and it can get very hot depending on what you want.
 Some people just can't sleep with total silence. I can. My wife cannot. And, we have a hard time finding something that we can both accept. She wants the TV on. It keeps me awake. I like soft music. It keeps her awake. This Tabiger white noise machine has so many options, we found something that works for both of us, the sound of waves gently lapping on the shore. If you don't like that, there's air conditioner, train sounds, rain, frogs, crickets, a crackling fire, birds, soft piano music, instrumental lullaby, and more. Even just simple white noise. The quality of the sound is very good. And, the multi-mode night light is a nice touch. If you need sound to sleep soundly, I recommend this device. Five stars.
Absolute worthless garbage. Cup keeps coming off.  Just plain junk.
I bought these for giving my baked goods to friends. They are just the right size, sturdy, and even more beautiful in person than in the photos. Instead of light pink ribbons shown in the ad, mine are a hot pink, which makes the boxes pop to life. The thank you cards are a lovely ecru color and are packaged in clear resealable plastic (2 packages of 6). The cards have matching envelopes and are the quality you would expect to find in high end boutiques. This set really deserves 10 stars. They can be used for so many things--trinkets, birthdays, Valentine's Day, wedding showers. The boxes are the perfect size and the price is very affordable for such luxury. Thank you Amazon for this great set!
I read the reviews and was scared it might break when installing so I called Drive Medical and a tech walked me through each step. Not only that but he took the model number and installed one with me while we were on the phone. That way he was able to give more detailed instructions when the upper washer seemed to not fit. Well it got installed in about 5 minutes with no tools and is perfect for me. There are more expensive models but this has all the features recommended by my occupational therapist. In fact, she installed it with me. She thought it important for me to have an onoff switch in the handle and the ability to divert water into the regular shower head as needed. It's the perfect length, color and very easy for me to handle. Plus, it came in 24 hours and I didn't pay extra!
Our cleaning lady loves these.  IShe4 uses it to keep our toilets shining  Arrived fast and great product with the handle on it
I wouldn’t use the word softness to describe these. They are great go exfoliating, which is what they are designed for. I’m very happy with this product
Sounded TOO good to be true and it is! NOT very compatible with my Oral B toothbrush as each refill lasts maximum six uses before just stopping! Electric toothbrush is on but replacement head stops! Down to last brush head, NOT GOOD!
I am happy with the way this clipper cuts and the feature to be able to store clippings and emptyHoweverI thought that I was getting two different size clippers one for finger nails and one for toe nails that would be a larger size butThey are both the same size.I haven't tried yet to see if they can cut toe nails easily or not.There weren't any directions on how to empty but I figured it out just pull off the purple plastic covering.Easy
Complete waste of money does nothing just like wearing a regular pair of socks
Cured the stinky feet! Love this. Will buy again.
I  had lost two of my leads when we moved. I purchased these and they fit and work great
Handy and usefulHolds up well
Wow. Love this little battery powered lighter!  My candles get lit easily. Handy little item!
Outstanding! Comfortable, affordable, fast delivery. Order included a carrying case and cleaning cloth.I would give them 10 ☆s if possible!
First, they come in a Ziploc storage bag. A very thoughtful feature. They are perfect sleeping gloves. Soft, lightweight, not tight and cotton! And washable! Definitely Five Stars!
Perfect for keeping produce fresh. I wouldn't be without them!
ok but not all that powerfull like the old wahl i had
This has been a great help for me. Rolls nice. Its a little sketchy using it as a wheelchair. The person tends to be ejected forward often. Its held up well, I've been very happy with this purchase.
Good Dog P Pads, but getting too expensive with every order the price goes up.
Unfortunately iron tabs & some of my other meds can cause some constipation. THIS IS NOT A LAXATIVE!! Instead it makes the stool softer. Thats all, it helps with a laxative to move you along with less discomfort.
Took care of arm pain (nerves) that was result of shingles.  Was able to go to sleep.
Pregnenolone is a steroidal hormone with several powerful nootropic benefits. It is used as a focus booster, mood enhancer and energy pill. Recent studies have found it effective for improving memory, comprehension, and information processing and critical analysis.Pure Encapsulations Pregnenolone was suggested by my doctor who offers complimentary holistic medicine, when I was put on bio-identical hormones for menopause. They have improved my memory and my mood considerably since I have been taking them and are are great compliment to my other hormones.
This was a fun little toy. There is the potential to shallowly puncture the skin but you'd have to be pressing really hard. Otherwise, it's sensations galore and so worth the money!
This is a great back brace.  The only issue is that I bought it for my 80-year old father and it is difficult for him to put it on himself.  Well constructed and comfortable even when pulled quite tight.  Definitely helps with posture.
This backnobber works great!  I like that it comes apart.  The different sized curves let you cover most areas of your back with ease and it allows for good leverage and a firm application.
This isn't moisturizing but just runny. DOn't waste your money and get the simple vaseline that we all know..
Put out a foggy cloud of albuterol,  you can see by my picture the medicine flows quickly and fine fine mist.I put in 2 double a batteries and it was ready to go. This will be so easy to take with me when I go on vacation, this handheld little machine makes me happy. The big nebulizer I have is such a pain to drag out and use. I will probably never use it again. This comes with a USB  cord so you can plug in if you dont have batteries.
They're a little big, but because it is a capsules it's still easy to take. The daily dose is 2 capsules to equal 350 mg. These are made in the USA that means a lot to me. Magnesium is very important to me I take it every day. When you take omeprazole you have to supplement with magnesium which gets depleted by it.
I like this better than my mia.Cleans great. Get the makeup off completely, livens up your face .
They are soft
Includes a bottle brush for cleaning,  has a comfortable rubber seal that makes a good seal. This is great for an emergency.
These gloves have been the best to use, comfortable my hands dont sweat. I used one pair to stain my stairs. I used one pair when washing my pots and pans with pure hot water.. no heat on my hands. One pair when cleaning the bathroom. They are great multi use gloves. Its also great to wear when spray painting . I usually end up with paint all over my fingers and its hard to remove so smart to wear these.
It's just as good as the name brand. It's  petroleum jelly. 7.5 oz.
feels nice and blocks the light fits a little close to the eyeballs , but I am using nightly and I like it.
I tried to wear but they hurt my feet so bad that I could hardly stand up. Then it cost me more to send them back than I paid for them
Works flawlessly
This is my favorite scent.
Great price, perfect fit for all masks with filter inserts, best tyle and materials for extra protection. Highly recommend.
Sumptuous, thick and creamy. Feels amazing. Smells Heavenly. I like to put this on some rough skin on my feet. Works very well to moisture dry skin. Very neat jar, also, thick glass with a plastic lid. I've never seen better skin cream.
Fantastic cafe latte flavor, mixes up smoothly, tastes incredible! I was disappointed to find that this contains Sucralose, better known as Splenda, which I do not prefer to consume. But this tastes so good and packs enough of a nutritional punch I might overlook that! Very satisfying.---An hour later: woke up from a nap with a horrible taste in my mouth. Brushing my teeth won't get rid of it. Gaaah. The artificial sweetener in this otherwise tasty product is just not acceptable, which is really unfortunate. I wish they'd either left it unsweetened or used plain sugar.
I bought this oil for many reasons,it smells great in my diffuser and also helps me with my skin problems.. i mix it with a few drops of carrier oil and rub it on my stretch marks and fine lines on my face as franckincense is known to reduce stretch marks and wrinkles!! And if thats not great enough it also helps you when you are sick and have a cold!! Im so happy i discovered essential oils a few months ago, will order from brooklyn botany again!!
Shipping was incredibly fast and I actually received three. Thank goodness because one broke as I was learning to use it and the other got deformed when I finally got it in. It makes a gorgeous bun, but the product is not sturdy enough for multiple uses.
works great since my charging port quit working, it was a lifesaver
Gets everything out of my little one's nose my hubby even uses it
Lost my old one and ordered this one. I wanted an electric corded one and THOUGHT they sent me the wrong one. They sent me another one and then I realized DUH that the first one was exactly what I wanted! Was told to keep the second one as a gift! Wow!This product works GREAT! I use it every night on my rough feet because I go barefoot all the time. Have used this brand for years and will continue to do so
This is smaller than I expected but works nicely. It did have some weird discoloration on them but didn’t seem to cause any alarms.
I get these for my daughter bevy as it’s the only way I can get her in the bath. She was lightly scented and didn’t stain my fiberglass tub. They melted like any normal bath bomb and has cute presentation.
This product was very easy to put together and I love that I can use my own floor product. It sprayed nicely and evenly and didn’t leak. The pad secured nicely to the base with Velcro and you can throw the pads in the wash. It is as pictured and does a nice job.
This is a fun way to curl your eyelashes! Just be careful!
These are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. The colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. They do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. Check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. They come in a nice box that is a great gift.
These are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. The colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. They do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. Check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. They come in a nice box that is a great gift.
These makeup remover pads are nice because they have a white side and a black side. The black side is best for removing makeup and the white side is best for applying toner or whatever you use. I have other white ones that are totally stained with makeup even after being washed a dozen times. They are made of 70% bamboo and 30% cotton and come with a bag to wash. Make sure you tie that bag tight before machine washing or you will be spilling cotton pads everywhere. I did notice that the panda on the front of the packaging is the exact same logo as the WWF panda named “Chi Chi” and I’m sure that panda logo has a copyright.
These nail clippers work as expected and are strong. They come in a tin case with a protective foam.
I am loving this facial brush! I use it in the shower with face wash and so far, so good! I’m glad I could get rid of using a washcloth. It is made of a soft silicone so not damaging to my skin. It also suctions to the shower wall! I washed it in the dishwashing machine without any issues.
I am always looking to make regular meals healthier. I like to replace rice with cauliflower rice, replace white sugar with Stevia and use beans where ever I can. I used this sugar to replace half the sugar in a healthier homemade brownie pie recipe I have tweaked with the main ingredient being low sodium canned great northern beans. For all of you skeptics out there, don’t knock it until you try it. This recipe is one I found online however I have tweaked the ingredients and trust me: it will blow you socks off.Ingredients:2 cans low sodium northern beans13 cup cocoa powder23 cup quick oats (keep whole or blend into a flour)14 cup applesauce12 tap salt1 tbsp vanilla extract1 cups sugar (half whitehalf agave insulin powder)1 cup chocolate chips (half milkhalf dark)Oil is to drizzle in (any oil works: grapeseed, olive, avocado, vegetable)Add all ingredients into a food processor and then on low. While on, slowly drizzle the oil into the food processor until the mixture is smooth then add in chocolate chips and then on high for a few minutes until everything is incorporated into a batter. Pour into a pre-greased 8 inch circle pan, cook for 25 minutes  and then left cool in the refrigerator for 4+ hours. Slice and serve! It is best served warmed up with vanilla ice cream!
It’s okay. The rods aren’t very long so it feels like you are shoving the entire thing in your ear. It also came in a HUGE shopping box. I’m talking a shoe box big enough for a pair of winter boots. Total waste!
So far my husband loves this dental plaque remover. This is not going to take the place of your dental hygienist, but it will help maintain in between. My husband has crooked teeth so this helps.The instructions are pretty much non-existent, so that is huge minus when it comes to this product. You would basically have to figure it all out on your own.Overall the product seems to work, but time will tell. Just need to have better instructionsNOTE: Take off the flimsy rubber tips first.
I got these to wear to my chemo time. They are super soft around the eyes, they wrap around and velcro keeping the maximum amount of light out so I can sleep. I am so very happy I found these. My friend recommended a memory foam style and I never thought of it. So I was excited to buy them. Overall, great comfort, great sleep quality and very soft on eyes. I highly recommend these to anyone.
☀ i received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. i was not influenced by anyone in any way.What I like most about this product is the long handle it has. I have issues with my arms. It hurts pretty bad when I'm trying to reach the middle of my back. This bath brush sure comes in handy for reaching that hard to reach area of my back. I use the small brush for my feet. Boy does that give a good massage on my feet. What a nice free gift that is added in. Then you can take the long handle off with ease and just use the bath brush to wash the rest of your body. Simple and easy as that.The box was damaged upon arrival. It was not by carrier because it was inside of a bigger box. But I would not discount. I just wanted to mention because my images shows the box and it's a little damaged at the end.You have the exfoliating body scrubber that you can choose from three different levels of scrubbing. Then massage out those toxins with it's built in massage therapy. As I get older, I find myself needing more of these items. Overall, these are nice, I don't really have any complaints as of now. If anything changes, I will be sure to come back for an update. Because I know it matters
 i received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. i was not influenced by anyone in any way of my opinion of this product.This exfoliating hand and back loofah has a soft terry cloth material, they are not too harsh. This back scrubber is about 2 inches shorter than the one I just got and about  12 inch less in width. The rope handle on this one is also thinner than one I just got, But these still do the job.I love fact that I can reach my back without hurting myself. Both of my rotary cuffs are ripped, so these really come in handy. These are great for both men, women and children. My grand daughter is 8yo and she likes to use them. These help take off the dead skin for better, cleaner skin. Taking off the dead skin also helps so you don't break out.Another great idea to use the back scrubber: Lotion. Can never get that middle part of your back? Just dad a little lotion in the middle and use the back scrubber to apply the lotion. I do this all the time.
 These are great for when your kids have their friends over to watch movies. They don't hold a whole lot but they hold just enough for the younger kids. They are durable, made of a think card stock, and the butter on the popcorn doesn't leak through.We used them on halloween night for just the 5 of us and we had a blast. We watch scary movies and ate popcorn out of them. Compared to the thin paper kind, these are much better.► I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
 This 5 piece eye make up took kit is actually pretty nice. The container it comes in is kind of just plain, would love to see a design on it, but the brushes work really well.I tried out each brush and none of the bristles fell out, they seem to be pretty durable., strong and made of good quality materialThese would make a great little gift to your wedding party girls. Give one set out to each of the girls in your wedding party. These would also be great for holiday present or birthday present. wrap a nice little bow on it. dress up the container with sequins. Overall, I would say this brush set is a good quality product for the priceI received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
If you're diabetic,  I wouldn't recommend these as these are very sweet. If you have sensitive teeth, I wouldn't recommend as it felt like I had a cavity.  Unfortunately I only took one bottle as I couldn't handle to sweetness. Very easy to chew, but not for me. I had lost alot of my hair after giving birth, I seen a little difference but not too much as I had to stop.
The product was used and had a QC test sticker on it.  That means someone had used the product and returned it
This is a great tissue at a great price. Buy I was very disappointed this time when it arrived all boxes crushed
Love these socks,they really work good . I ware them doing the day around the house
Thank you for the speedy delivery and most importantly a product that I can use. I will for sure be ordering more of these in the future and through you guys.
Fell apart the first time I used it....Very disappointed... had to throw it away...
High quality, works well for pain relief & support. A little uncomfortable but that's to be expected.
This thing is really cool. I got it for my messy fiancé and he is in love with it. The top secures amazingly which is the most important feature when you are clumsy and drop the container. It is super easy to clean as well.
It's very easy to use. And it wouldn't hurt your nose. It's can clean your nose very clearly. My husband likes it very much. You can try it.
I had previously left a 3 star review since I was able to get a smooth shave the first time I used it. I've always had trouble shaving intimate areas because of razor burn and ingrown hairs. I was very hesitant in purchasing this product because I've tried countless shavers, epilators, razors, you name it - I've probably tried it!I used this product ONE TIME and it was pretty cool that you use it wet, so I decided to try it out in the bathtub. It shaved very well, even though it was rather difficult reaching some places. Now, the aloe strips helped tremendously and I was quite pleased with the results. HOWEVER, after using this one time, the aloe strips were ruined and I couldn't use the shaver again because it caused horrible razor burn and didn't get nearly as close of a shave as before. There also isn't an option to purchase more aloe strips without having to buy a whole replacement head. I contacted customer service and sent pictures of the aloe strips and explained the situation. Long story short, they offered half my money back so I'd be stuck with a shaver I can't use and half of a refund - NO THANK YOU! I ended up returning the item. Don't waste your money on ONE GOOD SHAVE.
Where has this been all of my life?! This thing is awesome! I used it tonight for the first time and it got all of my blackheads. I first washed my face, then used a hot wash cloth to open my pores, then powered on the vacuum on the lowest speed and tada - nose, chin and forehead is smooth and soft. I recommend this to anyone who has larger pores andor trouble with blackheads. You don't need to spend tons of money on one of these, this one is decently priced and does the job effectively. Great purchase!
I have used this product for a little over a year. At first I really liked them. However, I started to have an ever increasing sense of doom and shortness of breath. I had pretty severe anxiety for about 3 months. One day, about 3 weeks ago, I ran out of these vitamins. I just didn't start a new bottle. My anxiety slowly reduced and is now all but gone. I haven't changed anything else so it had to be the vitamins.
I had high hopes for this as I suffer from neck pain that radiates up into my head at times. May be stress maybe misalignment. Not sure but it didn’t help me with my problem. It’s possible it needs to be used for a longer period of time to get any results but it’s very uncomfortable and a few times I felt  like it almost made it worse. Maybe it was just not  a good match for my problem but for my personal experience I cannot say it helped.
This is an updated review- these tissues have been improved greatly and now the lotion feel can be detected . Also a great buy being it’s cheaper than store bought. Not sure if it was a particular batch that was plain and not soft, though this time around they feel incredible. I’m repurchasing.
The value for the money is very good though the freshness not as intense as I would like.- maybe because Marjoram is not as strong as Oregano. I’ve had some good experience with this company and will purchase from them again.
Both work fine - the thinning scissors helpful
This made my skin feel so smooth and look so clear.
This brush had my face feeling so clean and my pores were smaller!!!!! Unfortunately my kids got to it and destroyed it so I’ll be buying another one soon! Note to self: keep out of reach if children!
Great package fit on nightstand and cat
Great product and quality. Purchased as gift- they loved them. Love the colored tips.
I used these inserts to reduce the volume on a shoe that had a bit too much room in the toebox.  I followed the included directions cutting the insert to size and then used a hair dryer to heat mold them inside the shoes (be careful if doing this on shoes with plastic parts, the ones I was using them in were leather so molding them in place wasn't a concern).  After molding they fit and feel great.. recommended!
These gloves are really cute, I love the pink fingertips.. and both the flocked and unflocked pairs are very easy to slide on and comfortable.  The sizing does run a bit large though, you might consider sizing down if you are between sizes.Unfortunately, the unflocked pair of these gloves has pretty poor puncture resistance compared to the gloves I usually use (Playtex nitrile).  My fingernails punched through the unflocked pair the second time I used them and I wasn't being particularly rough with them.The  extra material in the flocked pair seems to offer better durability but I prefer the feel and dexterity of the unflocked pair.
It did a nice enough job
This cushion is great and is made out of the same great material developed by Purple for their Purple Bed. I recommend their cushion as much as I recommend their bed.This cushion measures 18&#34;x16&#34;. It is perfect for smaller chairs in the kitchen or smaller computer chairs. I personally am using mine in my car (Dodge Durango) for comfort. I find that is is quite comfortable but I wish it was a little bit bigger. I would recommend if you are using this for a bigger computer chair or vehicle seat, get the cushion that is the next size up which would be The Ultimate Purple Cushion.Dimensions are 18&#34;x16&#34;x2&#34; inside of the included washable cover.Pros:*Really comfortable for 4-8 hours of sitting*Doesn't smell*Included coverCons:*Kind of small, made more for smaller chairs (-12 a star)Additional Considerations:Take a look at the purple bed and the other cushions they are great. They also have a new kickstarter out for their purple pillow which I expect will also be great.Overall: 4.55 stars (&#62;=.5 rounds up, &#60;.5 rounds down) =&#62; 5 starsIf you have any further questions regarding the product in my review please leave a comment below and I will get back to you as soon as possible.
These are high quality glasses, well made, frame has rounded edges which makes it easier on the user.  Professionally enclosed in its own zipped box.However the lenses aren't really tinted yellow.  A slight faint hint of yellowish and that's all, just as pictured.  Therefore the UV protection is minimal, and I can view the blue light for example, on my USB hub clearly.  By comparison, my Uvex glasses (not readers) with distinct yellow tinted lenses block most of blue light so when I'm looking on the power button on my laptop wearing Uvex, I don't see it as blue.I was hoping that having these readers will allow me to eliminate Uvex but no such luck.  For now am stuck with having to wear both at the same time, and this is no fun plus more pressure on the ears, let alone having to constantly readjust.  But will keep the readers and will have to pay a visit to a local optometrist to have the lenses replaced with the yellow tinted ones.
I was super excited to receive this for my sunglasses. That was until I actually opened it up. Very poorly made and lacks quality craftsmanship. Would love to see additional features such as better screws, magnetic tips that work, and good handles on screw drivers.
I love them so much.I have given some away and ordered more!Both orders came exactly the way I ordered them... Saturday my second orderI ordered them alone were packed 2 pks in a plastic bag with a tie and then in a strong Amazon shipping bag .Perfect Thanks for the Best product everI am struggling with this Diabetes and I am having gastric bypass surgery and how I eat is very important to me! Those bags have become a part of my daily eating regime... Thanks for making my life better
Hard to tell if supplements are performing well, but I certainly don’t feel any negative effects!
Frankly, we like this product. It does not leak all the soap out as the 3M product did, and it cleans the dishes just fine. The problem is that the sponge head comes loose from the plastic base that holds it on the handle. The first one came off in about a week or so, and now the second one has done the same. The seller is willing to send me a new set and have me return the old set, but unfortunately, the UPS store here is not a regular store, and I would need to go 90 miles to a full-service UPS store. I will see what alternatives the seller and amazon offer. Frankly, this is a bummer since the product is head and shoulders better than our previous 3M ones if only it would stay glued together.
They do not fizz at all. Not a good scent either
The price on these is too high. They work somewhat as intended but are more likely to be worth about $2.
I purchased this because I recently started taking online classes again and I will be spending more time in my desk chair. Poor body mechanics can cause back pain, breakdown of joints etc. This cushion was just what I needed to help me obtain good posture and prevent a sore booty.
Cats in the microwave,  cats in the fridge. Got this as a joke because it turns out my real cat is terrified of a hot water bottle. Jokingly got this as a "maybe if he thinks its another cat" it will be ok. Turned out to be non scary to real cats and the cutest hot water bottle imaginable.
Same stuff I used when I was young!
Just right shape for shoulders, and it holds heat well
Seems to be working fine.  No side effects.
Oh my gawdddd. This is an amazing item. By far the best one I've every owed. And I've lost a lot so I always have to buy more.
Felt great on scalp! Would definitely recommend
Easy to use and wash nicely. Love having the supply of these to grab and go.
I have reordered many times, fast shipping and comfortable.
Bought to use around the house to keep mice away
the worst razor I have ever tried. This unit would not cut peach fuzz. Would NEVER buy from this outfit again
Daughter updated her room and these look great on her dresser!
Best product ever created. I walk around and clean my walls like a psychopath but it does an amazing job on everything I love it definitely ordering more.
Smell is very strong. Read the label because it needs mixed differently for different uses  Does get rid of pet odors
Good sturdy basket really holds up well i just went food shopping and help up like I couldn’t believe it.Only con is instructions are a little poor so i cant take it on off my scooter like its supposed toBut all in all glad i have it and not a closed up bag where i have to fumble to get things!
I was surprised how well this cleaned.  Removed grease  from places I had trouble with before. Would love if it was a little larger, still, works wonders if you add a bit of cleaner or viviparous to sponge.  If you have reactions to cleanser because of odor or chemicals this is a must have.
It really tastes very good. And being a sugar free does it for me.A bit expensive, but staying healthy is expensive.Will buy again.
delicious.I have to watch a sugar lever.This is just perfect.I blend it with unsweetened milk.It tastes like a milk shake witha flavor.
This is an excellent hair styling tool! My hair is difficult to have lasting curlswaves! But, with this my hair style lasts for at least two days;I definitely recommend this one!I give it two Big Thumbs up!!
My optician recommended this brand for my hybrid contact lenses. I have used it for about 5 years without any problem. I did once try to Hydroglide option but was unable to use it. It left a sticky residue on my lenses and actually decreased my wearing time. But we are all different, so I would suggest that you confer with your practitioner before choosing any particular brand or formula.
I have 3 Verilux lamps, including this one, so that I can use them at my piano, reading chair, and at bedside.  These are sturdy lamps with a nice clean design and a variety of colors to compliment any decor. My favorite is the ivory.  I have presbyopia and early cataracts, so can benefit greatly from higher contrast in reading and needlework. These lamps are beyond meeting my expectations.  Whereas, I used to have a lot of eye fatigue and got sleepy while reading at night, this is no longer the case. The black print appears darker, sharper-- as if I'd up-graded my glass prescription. I find that I have sufficient spread of light for reading an average newspaper page. Even the newspaper stock quote pages are now readable, whereas this isn't the case otherwise.  I also do a lot of watercolor painting and needlepoint. It is a treat to be able to work into the evening while being confident that my color mixes are true.  Here is an amusing side note which supports that the light approximates daylight......My elderly cat, who enjoys a daily bath in outdoor sunlight, sometimes substitutes the Verilux lamp light for his "spa" when the weather is bad! It can't be the heat that he is drawn to-- as little is given off.  I can appreciate some reviewers' observations that the quality of the light is perhaps "overly white." Yet, the lamp is not intended for ambient lighting but rather for a small task area.  The light bulbs are not pricey when you consider that they last for 5 years and are, thus, an average cost of $4. a year. Also, they use less than 15 of the electricity of a traditional 150 watt reading light.  If making a decision to purchase this lamp, I would suggest that you base it upon your need or wish to have better clarity in visual work at night. It is not intended to add daylight to a room.  There are many cheaper Verilux look-alikes, but I wouldn't recommend these. There are serious complaintsthat these fall apart in a year or two-- or fail to work from the beginning.
the band that holds the glasses could be stronger
nice to have the different sizes, it does crumble a pill with a heavy coating but you can't stop that. the blade could be a little stronger.
My dear old husband has such thin skin, he gets little cracks on his fingertips.  These have been a real help.
I love using it because it is the perfect firmness for a bath body brush.  Firm enough for exfoliating and soft enough not to scratch.  Why only 3 stars?  It starts shedding bristles pretty quick, still usable for awhile- but then the plastic sheet that holds the bristles comes apart in pieces, then not usable any more.I did buy a second one, hoping it lasts longer than a couple months.
How much do I like this?  I have two big, oily, elderly Labradors and they sleep in my room.  Although I am immune to the doggie smell, others are not and had commented on it.  I run this in my room all day, turn off at night.  It rendered my room doggie-smell free.I'm buying another for the kitchen.  If it works as well there I'll try in the camper, too.
These are pretty large pill boxes. I can carry a week's worth of pills in one of the boxes. The plastic is pretty good quality. Latch is not fancy, but feels secure enough.
These insoles are made from EVA. They are not as durable and give less cushioning than insoles made from polyurethane. The insoles I received were much larger than my shoes, so I had to trim them down which is a hassle compared to insoles that are properly sized.
So refreshing! It makes you feel exceptionally clean!
I have loved this for years, but the stores quit carrying it.They also changed the wrapper from black to white, so I did not recognize it when it was around.It's fat free and quite delicious, not like any other I have tried.I came here looking for this, because it really is my favorite, and was thrilled to be able to stock up. The six bottles arrived quickly and were carefully packed and double-boxed.
Overall it's not bad! I have had better tasting types of hydration packets or powders (See: Nuun). I think that while the salt count is fairly low compared to other brands, the saltiness stands out more with this brand. Overall it does what it needs to do and I feel equally as good after my runs as I do with other brands. I think, based on price alone, I would purchase again since this brand appears to be slightly cheaper than other brands for the quantity offered. overall i would give a 7.5 out of 10.
The bottle is hard to get intoWhen you finally get the patch it is thin, bunches up and you cant separate it on skin when bunched upI should have not wasted the moneyPinched sciatic  nerves are miserable but patches you cant maneuver alone make it worse
As of now I don't like this at all, I mean, I liked the design and the price but it got moldy in just 3 days. I cleaned up the mold (soaked in vinegar) and the next day it got moldy again, the brush itself turned black. It does not lay in water, I hang it.I chose to give it the benefit of the doubt and ordered a replacement, maybe I just got a bad one.
I didn't know how much dead skin I had until I used it so much dead skin came out, and easily. After a few minutes it was like I have new feet.I didn't try the nail part completely yet but I did polish the nails and they came out great :)This is a great buy
Yes, it does say mini, but come on, is extra mini for a high price. I was not happy seeing that little box. Yes I know I should have read the size but not everyone does that every time and the pictures are misleading.
Great Little pill boxorganizer, it's small but yet again it very big. The slots are big enough to hold at least 5 big pill, I have in one of the slots 3 big and 1 small and still have a lot of space.I received this item for a discount or free in exchanged for my honest unbiased review. I am in no way obligated to give a good review. I am a regular reviewer and have given both positive and negative reviews ONLY AFTER using the product enough to have an initial review and I when necessary have come back to change reviews after using them for a while. In short: this review would be the same even if bought for full price.
not what i taught its in the garbage after 3 weeks
I don't know why they would make a brush so soft. It's very cute but useless.
This product smells great! It is very relaxing and it spreads throughout the house! I got this product with a discount.
I tried to remove baked on gunk on my cookie sheets but not very successful. These fell apart after use with a little elbow grease. Won't buy again
Very classy-looking and versatile!
Looks great but they are always sliding around and I have to put them in place constantly.
LOVE anything that gets me out of the bathroom quicker. Allergic to most cleansers and while I still have to use them with this, I'm not up close and personal and I'm done a lot quicker.
PROS1. The taste is typical of wheatgrass—a bit grassy. Wheatgrass powder is not bitter like barley grass powder, and for that reason, I much prefer it.2. The product is fresh.3. It is third-party lab tested for impurities.4. It contains no fillers, preservatives or artificial colors.5. It is manufactured at a GMP facility.6. It is not irradiated.7. It is made from whole leaves of wheat grass.8. It is grown from non-GMO wheat.9. It comes with a 30-day, satisfaction-guaranteed warranty.10. It does NOT come in a thick, plastic container! (Which, unfortunately, far too many other brands do, such as Amazing Grass, Biotech Nutritions, Triquetra Health, and Naturelo.)CONS1. Other brands of similar cost are organic. If you would prefer an organic brand that does not come in a plastic container, one possibility is Pride Of India Organic Wheatgrass Powder 8 oz.
PROS1. Vegan, with no gelatin.2. Tastes good, fresh and chewy.3. Moderate price range.4. No iron.5. Contains iodine, which is important for thyroid health.CONS1. This is a basic, gummy, adult multivitamin. You can obtain a very similar, generic version through your local big box store for about one-third the price of this product.
PROS1. Delicious taste.2. Excellent ingredients.3. Vegan, with no gelatin.4. Less sticky than candy gummies (but you still need to thoroughly brush your teeth after chewing these).5. At a dose of 1000 IU per gummy, you can easily titrate your dosage to a preferred dose (see below).CONS1. This is an extremely expensive way to take vitamin D3. However, the price of these gummy vitamins is fairly typical. All gummy vitamins are exorbitantly expensive. I typically use gel capsule versions of D3 from either Solgar, Jarrow, Viva or Life Extension, which is much cheaper than these gummies.GENERAL INFORMATION ON VITAMIN D3Vitamin D3 is the most bioavailable form of vitamin D, which is well known by both alternative and mainstream medical practitioners to have bone-protective properties. There are varying opinions on how much D3 to take. As you can see, this product has 1000 IU per gummy. My own alternative healthcare provider has vacillated over the years between recommending a dose of 1000 IU per day, to 2000 IU, to up to 5000 IU. I personally take between 1000-5000 IU per day depending on the time of year.If you are concerned about a possible danger of overdose of vitamin D, note that the body itself produces up to 20,000 IU of vitamin D after just 20 minutes of unprotected sun exposure in the summer, with no ill effects. However, for those embarking on a dosage of more than 1000 IU daily, if you wish to be extremely careful, and you have money to burn (because your insurance won’t pay for it), you can do it under a doctor's supervision. You do this by having the doctor regularly test your blood levels of vitamin D by ordering the 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test, abbreviated as "25(OH)D." This is touted as the most reliable test of vitamin D status. Optimal levels of vitamin D in the blood range between 50 and 70 ngmL.Of course, if you are willing to allow yourself a few minutes of sun exposure in the summer, you can get all the vitamin D you need that way during that time of year. However, in the winter, the angle of the sun is such that if you don't live quite near the equator, the body produces inadequate vitamin D when exposed to the sun--not to mention that very little of the skin is exposed to the sun when it is severely cold outside.Research has discovered that Americans as a whole are dangerously deficient in vitamin D, especially during winter months. The body's ability to produce vitamin D naturally also declines with age.In addition to its well-known benefit of protecting bones, vitamin D encourages the body to produce substances called cathelicidins which destroy viruses, bacteria, and other microbes, which is why vitamin D increases resistance to colds and flu. Research has shown that people who take cod liver oil, which is high in vitamin D, lower their risk for respiratory infections of all kinds. (Apparently this 19th Century cure-all actually was a viable home remedy.)The risks associated with suboptimal blood levels of vitamin D are many, including: high blood pressure, increased cancer risk, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and obesity. The benefits of supplementation and the risks of deficiencies of vitamin D increase as we age. In particular, in senior citizens vitamin D deficiency is linked with generalized bodily weakness, an increased possibility of developing macular degeneration, and a 2.5 times greater risk of death. In contrast, research has indicated that supplementing with vitamin D decreases the risk of developing cancer of the colon, lungs, and breast. It also improves balance in old people--which is a great thing since older people are at substantial risk of death from a fall. It also improves mood, and as such is a natural treatment for depression (it is well known that depression rates increase in winter due to lesser amounts of sunlight). Studies have shown vitamin D improves symptoms of all kinds of autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis, and that it can relieve the pain of fibromyalgia.During flu season, vitamin D3 can help keep you from getting sick or lessen the duration of bouts of colds, sore throats or flu. My healthcare provider recommended to me taking as much as 10,000 IU on a day I begin to get a cold or flu. I've been on this supplement for years, along with 2000 IU of vitamin C daily, and haven't had a cold or flu since.There have been many, many scientific studies on the health benefits of vitamin D3 over the years. Below is just a tiny sample.REFERENCESMarwaha, R., et al. Interventions for prevention and control of epidemic of vitamin D deficiency. Indian J Pediatr. 2019 Jun;86(6):532-537.Putman, M., et al. A randomized clinical trial of vitamin D supplementation in healthy adolescents. J Adolesc Health. 2013 May;52(5):592-8.Salehpour, A., et al. A 12-week double-blind randomized clinical trial of vitamin D3 supplementation on body fat mass in healthy overweight and obese women. Nutr J. 2012;11:78.
PROS1. Plenty of different strains of beneficial bacteria in adequate amounts.CONS1. These supplements do not have an enteric coating in order to allow the probiotic bacteria to reach the colon alive.2. This product is not listed on the company’s website, though it is promoted on their Facebook page.3. Intestinal Fortitude (IF) was founded about eight years ago in Williamsburg, Virginia. It is a very small company whose supplements, including this one, are undoubtedly produced by a much larger company, which specializes in manufacturing supplements. Unfortunately, IF has not openly disclosed on its website the name of the manufacturer of its products, including this one.4. IF states on its website that their ingredients are sourced from around the world, though their supplements are bottled in the USA.
Active Ingredients: Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. Shermanii, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Bifidobacterium lactis, FOS and acacia fiber.Other Ingredients: Proprietary probiotic blend, proprietary prebiotic blend, proprietary postbiotic blend, rice fiber, NGProbiome Advanced Probiotic Technology (capsule, prebiotic blend, postbiotic blend), pectin, cellulose.PROS OF THIS PRODUCT1. This product contains 8 billion CFUs per a 2-capsule serving. CFU stands for colony forming units. It is a scientific term of measurement of viable probiotic cells. As a general rule, 1 billion CFUs is the minimum dose a probiotic supplement should contain because the recommended daily dose for both children and adults is between 1-10 billion CFUs. The manufacturer’s recommended dose of 2 capsules per day (making 60 capsules a one-month supply) for this supplement is well within that recommended range for a daily dose. In fact, you could easily get by with taking only 1 of these capsules per day, which would make this product last for two months.2. This product contains a combination of four different probiotic strains. (See below for information on these probiotics.)3. This product contains the well known and well studied prebiotics, FOS and acacia fiber, which feed the healthy bacteria included in this supplement.4. This product is described as having NGProbiome® delivery technology. It is billed as being a type of enteric coating (see Kapoor and Long below on the importance of enteric coating) which is acid resistant and pH sensitive. This is crucial, because otherwise stomach acid would simply wipe out all the expensive, healthy bacteria in this product.5. This product is vegan.6. According to the website for this company, Etana Beauty is located in Orange, California. Their extremely bare-bones website states that they primarily deal in cosmetics, and yet there are only two products listed for sale on their site, this one and a combo supplement of D3 + K2. There is no information on the company itself other than their address, phone number and email. While they are on Facebook and YouTube, the company is not listed with the Better Business Bureau or Dun & Bradstreet. There is no way to know for sure where and how their products are manufactured just looking at their website. However, I did find one useful clue in the description of this product—the “NGProbiome® delivery technology” for the enteric coating of these capsules—that ultimately led me to the actual manufacturer of this product. The company that created this “technology” is Natura-Genics Labs (NGL). NGL is listed with Dun & Bradstreet, but it is not listed with the Better Business Bureau. NGL specialize in probiotics. It is located in Chino, California and advertises itself as a source for any small, nutraceutical company, such as Etana Beauty, to purchase probiotics from NGL. This involves NGL putting that company’s name on the product label. NGL has scientists on staff and appears to manufacture all its probiotics at their facility in California. They are a member of the Natural Products Association, and they are certified CCOF (California Certified Organic Farmers), GMP, USDA organic, Kosher, and non-GMO. The company websites states it has been in business for two decades. It is listed as a government contractor on the USA Opps website, under the categories of Medicinal and Botanical Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing, and Miscellaneous Food Manufacturing.CONS OF THIS PRODUCT1. Natura-Genics, Inc. was sued in July, 2016, by the Environmental Research Center, as Green Wealth, Inc. dba Natura-Genics, pursuant to alleged violation of California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 AKA Proposition 65, for non-permissible amounts of lead in all of their products. Like many other food and supplement products manufactured in California, they were required to put a warning label on all their products. It wasn’t clear from the court filing exactly how much lead the products supposedly contain or what the source of the lead might be.AN ALTERNATIVE TO EXPENSIVE PROBIOTICS LIKE THIS ONEHundreds of scientific studies (see: Tomova, Glick-Bauer, and Salonen below) have revealed that the most powerful way one can enhance the beneficial bacteria in the colon is not by taking a supplement such as this one. It is to avoid animal products and become a vegan, or at the very least a vegetarian. Animal products, especially red meat, have a well documented toxic effect on the colon, in particular, increasing the risk of colon cancer. (See Aykan and Vulcan below.) In addition, non-organic meat products are laced with antibiotics, which act to kill off the beneficial flora in the colon. (See Martin below.) In contrast, a diet filled with an abundance of high-fiber fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes has an extremely healthy impact on the colon.The purpose of taking probiotics is to, hopefully, promote the healthy functioning of beneficial bacteria within the colon, which are collectively called the “microbiome” or “microbiota” or “microflora.” The microflora in the colon have a primary task of fermentation, which is the enzymatic decomposition and utilization of carbohydrates, particularly dietary fiber. (See Williams below.) During the process of fermenting fiber, these microflora release short-chain fatty acids (SCFA), such as acetate, propionate, and butyrate, and also bacteriocins. (See Silva below.) SCFA serve multiple important functions: (a) They are a major source of energy for colon cells. (b) Along with the above mentioned bacteriocins, they provide an antibacterial function, which stabilizes the normal, healthy microflora population in the colon by preventing the implantation of pathogens in the walls of the colon. (c) They play a key role in the regulation of the neuro-immuno-endocrine system. Research has indicated that the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system are anatomically and functionally interconnected. What affects one system also affects the other two when their homeostasis (a healthy state of stability and proper function) is disturbed by inflammation, stress, or infection. When the microflora in the colon are operating at peak efficiency, producing adequate SCFA, then the healthy functioning of the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system is enhanced. But in the reverse, if the microflora in the colon are not efficiently producing SCFA, then those three crucial systems in the body are negatively impacted.EXPLANATION OF PROBIOTICS INCLUDED IN THIS SUPPLEMENTPropionibacterium freudenreichii: This bacterium is typically used in the production of cheese, in particular Swiss cheese. It is commonly found in dairy products and has also been extracted from soil. There has been some recent scientific research into its use in probiotics.Lactobacillus acidophilus (L. Acidophilus). This beneficial bacteria creates lactic acid by breaking down carbohydrates, particularly the lactose in milk. Lactobacilli grow well in milk and foods made from milk. This bacteria serves much the same function as the enzyme lactase.Lactobacillus paracasei (L. paracasei): During the past decade, research has indicated that L. paracasei is a bacterium that has probiotic properties, mainly due to the fact that it is a normal constituent of the human gut microbiota. Researchers have found it useful in treating ulcerative colitis, leaky gut, inflammation, and dementia.Bifidobacterium lactis (B. lactis). Bifidobacterium lactis and Bifidobacterium animalis used to be scientifically designated as two distinct species. Presently, however, both are considered to be B. animalis. Currently, probiotic companies have not caught up with this development and are still listing this bacterium as B. lactis on their product labels.RESEARCHAhmed, Z., et al. Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteriocin, from production to their application: An overview. African J. Biotechnol. 2010;9(20).Aykan, N. Red Meat and Colorectal Cancer. Oncol Rev. 2015 Feb 10;9(1):288.do Carmo, F., et al. Propionibacterium freudenreichii surface protein SlpB is involved in adhesion to intestinal HT-29 cells. Front. Microbiol. 2017 Jun 8; 8:1033.Durchschein, F., et al.  (2016). Diet therapy for inflammatory bowel diseases: the established and the new. World J Gastroenterol. 2016 Feb 21;22(7):2179–94.Glick-Bauer, M., et al. The health advantage of a vegan diet: exploring the gut microbiota connection. Nutrients. 2014;(6):4822–38.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.Martin, O., et al. Antibiotic suppression of intestinal microbiota reduces heme-induced lipoperoxidation associated with colon carcinogenesis in rats. Nutr Cancer. 2015;67(1):119-125.Miller, L., et al. Effect of Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis HN019 on cellular immune function in healthy elderly subjects: systematic review and meta-analysis. Nutrients. 2017;9(3):191.Salonen, A., et al. Impact of diet on human intestinal microbiota and health. Annu Rev Food Sci Technol. 2014; (5):239–62.Silva, Y., et al. The Role of Short-Chain Fatty Acids From Gut Microbiota in Gut-Brain Communication. Front. Endocrinol. 2020 Jan 31.Tomova, A., et al. The Effects of Vegetarian and Vegan Diets on Gut Microbiota. Front. Nutr. 2019 Apr 17.Vulcan, A., et al. Intake of different types of red meat, poultry, and fish and incident colorectal cancer in women and men: results from the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study. Food Nutr Res. 2017 Jul 18;61(1):1341810.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
I realize that the seller, in all honesty, advertises these earplugs as being disposable. That is, the seller recommends that the buyer use these ear plugs once only, and then throw them away. This is a fairly expensive way to use earplugs, and also rather inconvenient, because it means you need to keep regularly purchasing more of them. Personally, I have found, as is the case for other foam ear plugs I have used over the years, that these ear plugs can be washed and reused multiple times before they start to crack. Only then, in my opinion, is it truly necessary to discard them. I have attached a photo to show what it looks like when they crack.I make it a point, when washing these ear plugs with soap and water, to rinse them well, then pat and squeeze them thoroughly with a towel and let them air dry for at least 24 hours before using them again.Unlike other similar quality earplugs I own, when I wash these, they expand and get bigger. Fortunately, though, they don't seem to fit any tighter or more uncomfortably because of that expansion. I have attached a photo with a picture of one of these earplugs when new side-by-side with one that has been washed, as well as two other brands of earplugs I use that do not expand at all when washed and last a whole lot longer than these do over time.These aren't the least expensive ear plugs I have ever purchased, but they are reasonably priced for what is on offer.
Ingredients: Amylase, Protease I, Protease II, Lipase, Lactase, Cellulase, Maltase, Invertase. Cellulose (capsule), rice flour and magnesium silicate.Pros:1. This supplement is advertised to be vegan. The capsule is probably vegan because the ingredient cellulose is listed.2. This supplement is advertised as being manufactured in a facility that is compliant with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP).3. LionHeart states that they “test the potency of each ingredient that goes into [their] products.” Presumably, consumers are to assume that this phrase means this supplement is third-party tested. However, no mention is made here on this product page or on LionHeart’s website as to who that third party might be.4. The seller offers a money back guarantee.Cons:1. No information is provided by LionHeart as to whether this supplement is produced in an FDA-registered facility.2. On the LionHeart website, no address is provided for the headquarters of this company. No information is provided as to the country of origin of the ingredients of this or any of their supplements, or the country where their supplements are manufactured, or from what country they are distributed. LionHeart Supplements is not listed on Dun & Bradstreet. They are not listed with the Better Business Bureau. The only place I could find them listed is on the Justia website, a legal entity through which they have registered a number of trademarks. However, Justia provides no information to the general public as to a US street address for the corporate headquarters of LionHeart.3. LionHeart has no proven track record. It seems to be a very new company, because on their website they list only six different supplements as their entire product line. So far, they specialize in digestive support.4. No information is provided, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, as to the particular plant sources of this enzyme supplement, which the company advertises as being vegan.5. No mention is made, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, that there is enteric coating on these capsules. Given the fact that this would be a huge selling point, that omission seems to be prima facie evidence that this supplement has no enteric coating. An enteric coating is a polymer coating which acts to protect medications and supplements, in this case, enzymes, from stomach acid, which destroys them (See: Kapoor and Long below). An enteric coating allows enzymes to survive stomach acid and arrive undamaged in the less acidic environment (above pH 5.0) of the small intestine. At that point, the enteric coating becomes water soluble and swells, thereby safely releasing enzymes to begin to work.There are two main ways to obtain supplemental digestive enzymes:1. Doctor prescription. For patients who have a diagnosed disease, such as cystic fibrosis, Shwachman-Diamond syndrome, deficiencies in pancreatic enzymes, chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer or tumors, removal of all or part of the pancreas, celiac disease, and Crohn's disease, a doctor can prescribe a pancreatic enzyme product (PEP). There are over 50 different PEPs on the market. A few examples include: Creon, Ku-Zyme, Kutrase, Dygase, Lipram, Palcaps and Zenpep. Most contain “pancrelipase,” a mixture of the digestive enzymes amylase, lipase, and protease. These prescription enzymes are always enteric coated. However, unfortunately, they are NOT vegan. They are virtually always made from the pancreases of pigs. In addition, they are regulated and approved by the FDA.2. Over-the-counter. OTC digestive enzyme supplements, such as this product, are widely available. They are not medications and are not regulated by the FDA. Unless the manufacturer explains how they are derived, these enzymes may be, as is the case with PEP, derived from animal pancreases, usually from pigs, cows, or lambs. In the past, before I did this research, I never checked to make sure that the digestive-enzyme supplements I purchased had enteric coating. But I certainly will be looking for that from now on. Without it, digestive enzymes become a useless waste of time and money.EXPLANATION OF INGREDIENTSAmylase. This is a type of digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the human salivary glands and pancreas. It converts starch (a type of carbohydrate) into simple sugars, such as the disaccharide, maltose.Cellulase. Humans do not produce the enzyme cellulase in their bodies and can only partially break down cellulose (dietary fiber) through the process of fermentation in the colon (AKA large intestine AKA large bowel). Fermentation is the decomposition and utilization of cellulose by microflora (intestinal bacteria). In nature, cellulase is produced chiefly by bacteria, fungi, and protozoans. It breaks down cellulose into simple sugars such as monosaccharides, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. All plant foods, including fruits, vegetables, grains, beans, nuts and seeds, contain varying degrees of cellulose, sometimes as much as 50%. The processed food industry frequently utilizes powdered cellulose for its anti-caking effects. This enzyme supplement is the first one I have seen which includes cellulase. Usually consumers purchase probiotics in order to aid the fermentation of cellulose in the colon.Invertase. This is a digestive enzyme categorized as a sucrase enzyme because it breaks down sucrose (table sugar) into fructose and glucose. In human saliva, invertase is produced by the bacteria Streptococcus mutans, which is also the main bacteria responsible for creating plaque on the teeth and causing almost 70% of all cavities. Besides the invertase present in saliva, another type of sucrase enzyme, sucrase-isomaltase, is naturally created in the small intestine. Invertase is produced commercially from various species of fungus, most especially baker's yeast (AKA brewer’s yeast), whose chemical name is Saccharomyces cerevisiae (AKA S. cerevisiae). Invertase is most frequently commercially employed to manufacture inverted sugar syrup (AKA inverted syrup AKA invert sugar AKA artificial honey). Corn syrup is a typical example of an inverted sugar syrup. In nature, honeybees produce invertase as a means to break down sucrose into honey, which is almost totally made up of inverted sugar syrup. This particular supplement is the first time I’ve ever personally seen invertase included in a nutritional supplement.Lactase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine of some, but not all, humans. It converts lactose (milk sugar) into glucose and galactose. People who do not naturally produce this enzyme are described as “lactose intolerant.”Lipase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the cells of the tongue and in the pancreas. It converts fats (triglycerides) into monoglyceride fatty acids.Maltase; This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine. It converts maltose into the simple sugar glucose. This enzyme is found in plants, bacteria, and yeast.Protease. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the pancreas and small intestine. It converts protein into smaller protein units, such as peptides and amino acids.Rice Four and Magnesium Silicate. These are flow agents, which are inert ingredients. Another typical flow agent is microcrystalline cellulose. Flow agents are used in pharmaceutical drugs and nutritional supplements to ensure a consistently homogenous mix and also to prevent powdered therapeutic ingredients from clinging to encapsulating equipment in a manufacturing facility. Both of these things help to ensure quality control, such that the amount of the advertised active ingredients of the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical is the same from capsule to capsule.REFERENCESIaniro,, G. Digestive Enzyme Supplementation in Gastrointestinal Diseases. Curr Drug Metab. 2016 Feb;17(2): 187–193.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Kulshrestha, S., et al. Invertase and its applications – a brief review. J Phar Res. 2013 Sep 1;(7):792-797.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.McCabe, M., et al. Invertase activity in Streptococcus mutans and Streptococcus sanguis. Archives of Oral Biology. 1973 Apr;(18)(4):525-531.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
I have owned many different pill cutters over the years, and this is the best one I’ve ever used, by far. It is constructed of medical-grade, BPA-free plastic, and its stainless-steel blade is thin and sharp. This allows it to cut pills in half without turning them into crumbs and dust, which happens all too often when such blades are too wide and too dull.It is typical for pill cutters to have a V-shape for holding pills of various sizes in place, so that is not in itself a unique feature. However, what is a new feature, to me at least, is that this pill cutter provides a highly visible, painted line running down the center of the V space. This mark allows the user to accurately position pills which contain an indented, break line in their center, such that this break line is in alignment with the cutter’s blade. This makes it additionally likely that this particular type of pill will be split cleanly in half, with no wasted crumbs.This pill cutter is conveniently larger than any other pill cutter I’ve owned, which are usually about 1-inch x 2.5-inch in size. This one is 1.5-inch x 3.5-inch, making it easier to handle for anyone who suffers from arthritis.Finally, as an extra little plus, this handy device is surprisingly attractive due to its sleek design and the fact that it is a pleasing, aqua color.All in all, I find this to be an excellent product that I would not hesitate to recommend to family or friends.
QGel is made in the USA but, unfortunately, it contains gelatin, which is not vegetarian or vegan. It is manufactured in a certified Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) facility and is laboratory tested and approved for guaranteed potency and purity.This supplement indicates that it contains both vitamin E as alpha tocopherol and CoQ10 AKA ubidecarenone AKA ubiquinone. CoQ10 is a biologically active compound similar in its chemical structure to vitamins K and E. Research has indicated that CoQ10 and vitamin E work synergistically as powerful antioxidants, exponentially multiplying the positive benefits of each. (See reference below.)This supplement also includes lecithin, which additionally helps improve the bioavailability of CoQ10. (See reference below.)CoQ10 is particularly well known for its function within cells in the mitochondrial adenosine triphosphate (ATP) cascade, a crucial aspect of energy production within the body. Because cellular functions are dependent on an adequate supply of ATP, CoQ10 is crucial to the maintenance of health in virtually all tissues and organs in the human body. (See reference below.)CoQ10 is of particular benefit for cardiovascular health, especially for heart patients who have been prescribed statins, which have long been known to dangerously decrease levels of CoQ10 in the body. Symptoms of low levels of CoQ10 due to statins can include: muscle weakness and fatigue, high blood pressure, and mental fog. In the extreme, symptoms can include chest pain, heart failure, and seizures.CoQ10 has also been found helpful in the treatment of chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia, no doubt because of its raising of ATP levels in the body, as described above.Research has found that selenium makes an important contribution to the body's processing of CoQ10 in that it is required in order for the body to fully utilize CoQ10. (See reference below.) However, selenium is not included in this supplement. Therefore, it is a good idea for anyone hoping to maximize absorption of a CoQ10 supplement such as this one to add a selenium supplement to their nutraceutical regimen.Because it is fat-soluble, it is recommended to ingest CoQ10 with a meal that contains fat and to take it at a dose of 30-200 mg per day. The dosage of this supplement is 100 mg per each softgel. That is a pretty standard dosage for persons such as myself who take it to promote good health and not for a specific health condition.RELEVANT RESEARCHAlehagen U, et al. Still reduced cardiovascular mortality 12 years after supplementation with selenium and coenzyme Q10 for four years: A validation of previous 10-year follow-up results of a prospective randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial in elderly. PLoS One. 2018 Apr 11;13(4):e0193120.Saini, R. Coenzyme Q10: The essential nutrient. J Pharm Bioallied Sci. 2011 Jul-Sep; 3(3): 466–467.Xing, L, et al. Cosupplementation with vitamin E and coenzyme Q10 reduces circulating markers of inflammation in baboons. Am J Clin Nutr. 2004 Sep; 80(3): 649–655.Zhou H, et al. Improvement of the oral bioavailability of coenzyme Q10 with lecithin nanocapsules. J Nanosci Nanotechnol. 2013 Jan;13(1):706-10.
Barley grass has been well known as a superfood for at least 30 years, which is when I was first introduced to it and began taking it. Some of the well documented health benefits of barley grass include:--It is a source of high quality protein, vitamins and minerals.--It is filled with chlorophyll, which is a powerful antioxidant. As such, it is very helpful in controlling or preventing many diseases, due to enhancing immune function. Some of these diseases include: heart disease, cancer, diabetes, arthritis, osteoporosis, inflammation and diseases impacted by inflammation.Barley grass powder is similar to wheatgrass powder as to its health benefits, and both tend to be quite expensive. Buying this organic green superfood in bulk from this vendor is a cost-effective way of obtaining this wonderful supplement.
Raphanus Sativus is a very helpful homeopathic remedy to alleviate a common cause of pain from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), trapped intestinal gas. Gas is one of the major causes of bloating and pain that people with IBS endure. Trapped bowel gas can also develop after surgery. General anesthesia causes the bowels to “go to sleep,” and the first step in them “waking up” is to release painfully entrapped gas. Raphanus Sativus can strongly assist the bowels in that recovery.There are other excellent sources of homeopathic remedies besides Boiron, including Hyland's and Dolisos. I tend to choose Hyland's when possible because of their easy-open bottles and quick-dissolve tablets.I have included below some important general information on how to take homeopathic medications for those who might need it.Preparing for Taking HomeopathicsIt is a good idea before using homeopathics to brush your teeth well with baking soda, which has no odor of its own and removes any food odors from the mouth. It is important to avoid mint toothpaste because mint negates the benefits of homeopathics. Do not put anything else, including water, into your mouth for 20 minutes after placing a homeopathic remedy under your tongue. It is also a good idea to avoid food and drink with a strong taste, such as garlic and spicy food, for as long as possible after dosing with a homeopathic remedy, ideally waiting at least an hour.There are two ways to take homeopathics, dry dose and wet dose. Below are instructions for both.Dry doseNote that when taking homeopathic medication, the compounds are volatile, so you should not touch these tablets with your hands. Instead, shake 2-3 tablets into the bottle’s cap and drop them under your tongue. Be very careful to not touch the cap to your lips or tongue such that saliva gets on the cap, and from there contaminate the remaining pellets in the bottle. Placing the remedy under the tongue allows it to be absorbed directly into the bloodstream through the thin membrane there. Hold the remedy there for several minutes without swallowing until it completely dissolves.Wet Dose1. Use a clean, dark-glass, 2-ounce dropper bottle or spray bottle.2. Place 3-4 homeopathic tablets in the bottle.3. Add 12 ounce (14 of the glass bottle) of vodka or rum as a preservative. Screw on the cap and shake well until the pellets are dissolved.4. Add 1-14 ounce pure distilled water (that is, fill the bottle about 12 inch from the top). Screw on the cap and shake well, and shake each time before you take a dose.5. A dose is 1 dropperful or, if a spray bottle, one spray. Drop or spray the liquid under the tongue and hold it there for several minutes.
The taste of this meal-replacement powder is palatable. It also mixes well, and as advertised, it is very filling.If you are used to supplementing your diet with vegan protein powder, it is important to note that this product is not the same thing. It has about three times the calories of vegan protein powder (such as plain, unadulterated, organic, rice protein powder) for about the same amount of protein, and a lot of other ingredients as well. Two rounded scoops have 400 calories. They provide 20 grams of fat (about 12 the average, daily allotment of fat calories), 41 grams of carbohydrates (with 15 grams of sugar and 6 grams of fiber, which is 15 the daily fiber requirement), and 20 grams of protein (about 13 to 12 of the daily requirement for protein).This expensive product is advertised as being a healthfood and, on the surface, it has some of the elements of a healthy product, including vitamins and minerals. However, for my money, as a frugal and health-conscious consumer, it has too many issues to deserve to be called healthy.First, this product is NOT organic, and its protein content comes entirely from soy. Over 93% of non-organic soybeans grown in the USA are GMO. There is a similar problem with non-organic canola oil. Since 1995, the notorious chemical giant, Monsanto, has been consistently genetically modifying rapeseeds, the source of canola oil, until currently about 90% of the world's canola crop is GMO. (The leading producers of rapeseed include the European Union, Canada, China, India, and Australia. The USA is the largest importer of rapeseed in the world and receives the bulk of its rapeseed from Canada.) Note that, if organic, canola oil is not a bad choice in and of itself. It consists mostly of healthy monounsaturated fat (61%, which is almost as much as olive oil) and a relatively low percentage of unhealthy polyunsaturated fats (32%). It contains a relatively small amount (7%) of saturated fats.Second, in and of itself, even if organic, soy can have a negative impact on the thyroid, particularly in women. So it is not a good idea to consume soy products, such as this one, on a regular basis.Third, this product contains the artificial sweetener, sucralose. Health conscious individuals avoid it because there are strong indications that it can reduce beneficial gut microflora. It is also harmful to the liver, kidneys, thymus and lymph nodes. For these reasons, it should rarely, if ever, be ingested, making it a bad idea to include it in a product such as this, which is intended for frequent consumption.Fourth, I try to avoid products which include natural flavor. The definition of natural flavor under the Code of Federal Regulations is: "The essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional" (21CFR101.22). That essentially means that natural flavor is derived from a real food, but the process by which it is derived is unexplained and there is no way to know how safe or healthy a natural flavoring is.Rather than using this product, I think it would be cheaper, healthier, and definitely safer, to simply take a multivitamin pill and drink some plain protein powder in water, juice or in a smoothie and consume healthy, organic fats, such as coconut oil, nuts or olive oil, rather than the GMO canola oil in this product. I certainly would not consider buying this product again.Ingredients: Soy protein isolate, high oleic canola oil, maltodextrin, isomaltulose, soluble corn fiber, modified food starch, potassium chloride, magnesium phosphate, tricalcium phosphate, soy lecithin, dipotassium phosphate, mono & diglylceride, salt, choline chloride, natural flavor, xanthan gum, sodium ascorbate, mixed tocopherol, DL-alpha tocopheryl acetate, ferrous gluconate, zinc sulfate, D-calcium pantothenate, niacinamide, sucralose, thiamine hydrochloride, copper gluconate, pyridoxine hydrochloride, manganese sulfate, riboflavin, vitamin A palmitate, potassium iodide, chromium chloride, biotin, folic acid, sodium molybdate, phytonadione, sodium selenite, vitamine D2, vitamin B12.
Research has indicated that this supplement is helpful for arthritis as it helps maintain the health of cartilage. It has also been used for asthma, allergies, sports injuries, inflammatory bowel disease, and long-term low back pain. I personally use it for arthritis in my hands, but because it is so expensive, I add it to a base of hand lotion. This way it is absorbed directly into the area of the body where it is needed most without having to go through the digestive tract and the liver. I find it works very well that way, and it is massively less expensive.
These gloves work really well, and they are an extremely time-saving, efficient means to dust both mini blinds and knickknacks.This product is a pair of gloves, and I wear both at the same time, one on each hand, to dust. A handy plus is that once one side of the gloves gets too dusty, you can switch the gloves to opposite hands, in order to reverse the gloves so that you are dusting with a clean side, in order to continue dusting and get twice as much use out of the gloves before washing them.You can throw these gloves into the washer on cold, gentle cycle, but you need to air dry them. I have so far washed them by hand in order to make them last longer.Highly recommended.
This is about a month's supply of LIPH. It is very expensive, but comes highly recommended to prevent or help heal cancer by helping kill microbes inside cancer cells, which some research indicates can cause cancer cells to revert to normal cells. There is also evidence it can help cure MRSA, which antibiotics increasingly cannot cure.LIPH is highly concentrated and this 2 ounces are diluted in 1 gallon of purified water. The result is very bitter in taste but bearable.
These are a perfect fit for the Scotch-Brite dish scrubber and they work much better than the name brand refills!! The quality of the materials seems better, the green scrubbing sponge seems thicker and more durable, and they don’t appear to sit and leak soap everywhere like the Scotch-Brite heads do. I will buy again!
it makes good shakes and love the fact I can put my pills and protein powder in their too .shaker is super useful, good size and you can bring in it everything you need for your before and after workout.. the word can wash of the bottle
5 mins to deep clean the pores; 5 mins to do facial treatment prep; 5 mins hydrating; 5 mins moisturizing (once a week).if you are in a hurry, just take the 1st step and 3rd step. The machine is well made. (dont's: no alcohol or oil on the metal head, do not use machine during shower, keep it away from water)
Absolutely love this! Was a bit hesitant about it using the cordless feature but it held a strong charge for the entire process of grooming my extremely fluffy dog. Love that it came with different clipper  settings , nail clipper and file, comb, and sharp scissors. Be aware it does not have the outlet adapter but u can plug as it’s a usb charger and I just used my iPhone plug to charge it.  It’s also not too loud and my dog remained calm during the process.
Great value, consistent product. Happy with subscribe and save - so far as I can tell, these are the same as in big box stores and similar value for the money.
I hate to admit it, but I do snore. I have tried every method possible to stop, even buying a very expensive pillow to move my head up and down. It worked, but eventually made sleep uncomfortable for me. My husband used the cone shaped foam ear plugs, but we often found them in the bed in the morning and not in his ears. These are perfect!. The are easy to insert and do a great job of blocking unwanted noise. Best of all, they are still in his ears in the morning. Wish we had found these sooner!
From what I have noticed these fit most of my heels and seem to work well.
works as advertised when u spray cats wont come around until it wears off but it really worked
Great stones for the price. These aren't as big or smooth as others I have, but for the price, I can't complain. I was surprised that these didn't come with a list of what stones are included, since it sounds like they aren't the same with each order. I know what most of them are, but I have no idea what the others are.
Bought the dog-themed matches for friends; bought these matches for myself.  Cute.The matches themselves are low quality but the dressed-for-success cats are purrrfect (meow).
Cute military-dressed dog matches. Gave away with candles during the holidays.  I like them. Price was too high though; I purchased on a whim.  None of those who received them as gifts mentioned how adorable they were; guess I'll have to choose my friends better in the future!
My posture is excellent--everyone says so. (smile) Including multiple physical therapists. But, I began to have some irritation in my clavicle collar bone area, and a new curved car seat back was killing me. Combined ... just awful. This gentle posture corrector helps hold my shoulders back. That's retraining my back muscles and relieving both issues. It's easy to don and very adjustable. Comfortable. Remember, only 30 minutes at a time--especially to start.
I'm a really big fan of Rez Block. Essentially, what happens is that when Rez Block is added to water, the water is then able to trap a lot of the resin that would normally accumulate in the piece of glassware OR end up in our lungs.You will want to change your water more frequently with Rez Block, as it fairly quickly shows just how much gunk it is stopping.
They are bgreatbfor the price
Very heavy ackward set up used once stuck it in drawer
I had a good buying experience. Items are what they say. Only 3 ⭐️ because they unfortunately do not work for my hubs. Maybe it’s just him & not the products.  There’s a chance it may work for some & not others. For the price, it certainly doesn’t hurt to try.
Unfortunately this flavor has milk in it... disappointing, but I will continue to buy the COLD BREW COFFEE flavor that tastes good & has no dairy.
Nothing but love
This is a very useful container for Baking Soda. I use it for cleaning my stove top and sink.
just what i wanted
Both my boys are grease monkeys..this stuff is amazing!!
My dog is allergic to fleas and this helped him very much and he didn't even mind the smell of the cedar.  Me - I don't really like the smell but I LOVE the results.  No tick bites this year!
My brother has allergies and has had problems at our house before; we plugged this in his room and not only did he have no problems, he slept like a log.  The unit gives off a slight white noise; it also has a blue light that is a little too much for me but can be blocked, I guess.  We are very happy with this in an old house that has had some mold and pet hair issues.
Just what I needed to balance my walking step due to one leg being slightly shorter than the other which my doctor prescribed for me. Perfect plus very fast shipper. I am highly satisfied.
Have been using since I thoroughly cleaned a mini split to shine up inside it for a half hour or so a day.
I recently scavenged a pair of these nose pieces from another pair of glasses and this order of, 10 Pair D-Shape Screw-on or Click-on Silicone Nose Pads 15 mm (10 PAIR, D SHAPE 15MM SCREW ON) was placed just after the change out.  These are soft, but still firm and will first be used to replace the scavenged pair and then be a reserve for future nose piece problems.  I anticipate it to happen, as my daughters parrots have chewed two off now.  I'm ready for the next assault.
These Generic Oral B Compatible Toothbrush Replacement Heads - 4 Brushes are good replacement toothbrush heads for the Oral-B battery operated toothbrush.  I like them.  Good price.
I purchased based on Serios Keto review on U-tube.  Ugg! They taste horrible.  I love the carmel collagen powder, so I’m disappointed these are so bad.
I've bought a ton of different cotton since I started vaping, from overpriced mavaton and egyptian cotton, cool whic American grown cotton, fire bolt, cotton bacon and more, this cotton here beats them all, it's super absorbent and high quality, I've never been more happy with a cotton before. Not to mention you get 13 feet of it in this package, I've already rewicked 5 different builds and gave my buddy a big chunk of it to try and it doesn't look like I've even touched this package yet. You can't go wrong buying this!
How hard is it to create a scent that smells like the label and doesn't make your eyes water,  nose burn and coat your throat like vapors from a tire fire?  I've been very discouraged by all the Glade refills I've tried. Harsh, unpleasant and only a passing resemblance to the claims on the label.
To me this is just hand lotion with a label to make a person buy it. It is not worth it
Update: my package finally arrived, thank goodness. I'm having no problems peeling off layers, they actually peel extremely & almost TOO easy. Feels sticky. Removes hair. Works for me.
I like that I can use these bottles and they wrap up with the safety catch, like a brand new bottle of whatever.
These are almost perfect.  I've recently painted several rooms, cabinets & shelving.  I don't like having to go to the garage and haul in a big, heavy gallon of paint for a minor touch up.  I filled the tubes using the pumps which was easy & quick.  I used them once, wiped off the felt applicator & stored them in the hall closet.  I got them out again last week for more touch ups and 2 of the felt applicator tips came off.  I wasn't surprised as I read some previous reviewers had the same problem.  This really isn't a huge concern for me as from now on, I will just keep a few of the cheap foam brushes next to the tubes.  I consider it a very minor inconvenience & well worth it to not have to go back to my old way of doing touch ups.  I will be buying another set.
When our twin grandchildren were born, I saw the nurses using these and they seemed to work very well.  Since the hospital used them, with good results, I figured staying with a proven product was the way to go.  I bought these for my daughter and son-in-law to use.  They find them very convenient when traveling or those times when a real bath is either unavailable or inconvenient.
Sneak those crazy beet nutrients into your yogurt or curry, and fool even yourself! And never waste another calorie with useless seconds of chewing! A-Plus! Nice beety flavor, too!
These things make my vagina feel like she licked a candy cane! They are awesome. I keep it stocked!!
Four bucks for a prune is very expensive. You can get a 8 oz. bag of prunes at Wally World for $3.Another economical solution for bowel regularity is to take a daily magnesium supplement. Pennies a day.
As a healthcare worker I wear masks 14+ hours. The straps dig in my ears causing blisters. A N95 mask would be better but all we get all the thin disposable masks.These strap extenders take the straps off the ears. The silicone extender is barely noticeable. Finally my ears are getting some relief.
The cat was interested in this toy for maybe 5-10 minutes, then it was batted under the couch never to be seen again.The problem is that it shuts off almost immediately when stationary. It would be better to have a 1 minute cut-off, at least keeping the cats attention a bit longer.Cat says, "Meh".
This cushion works as it should. It's not some wimpy cushion made for your dining room chairs. It's made for people with coccyx and back issues, along with those that need better support than normal wheelchair cushions. That being said, I did buy many of these for our hard-as-a-rock dining room chairs and they work as they should.The padding is thick and not soft. I'm a big guy who can suffocate most chair cushions. This cushion holds up to my big buttocks, even for extended game nights which can run 5-6 hours.My buttocks are happy and that makes me happy.
This is a small, lightweight medical bag. You can customize your own first aid kit or a bare minimum trauma kit. I use this bag for my routine home visits as a hospice nurse.There are two zippered side pockets and a main section organizer. The material is a bright orange, so they know you're coming!My kit contains auto blood pressure machine w cuff, stethoscope, digital thermometer, raptor trauma shears, pulse oximeter, LED light, measuring tapes, and nitrile gloves.Perfect for lightweight use. Adding any significant will make the bag collapse upon itself as there is no bottom stiffener for support. I will definitely consider this bag again for light field use.
I bought this glycerin because it was *supposed* to be Essential Depot brand. Instead I got the glycerin with the red, white, and blue label.I expect to receive what is in the picture. I will send a note to Essential Depot informing them of the switch.I ain't very happy right now.
I use these clips when I make paracord lanyards and key chains. They work well with very few moving parts to break like traditional clips you see on dog leashes. The price was right.
The good.I absolutely loved this thing until it came apart.It was easy to install and adjust to my 2004 Colorado taking only about 10 minutes. with a wrench, ratchet and socket sitting at the car door in my wheelchair. It could have been done with two pair of pliers though. Once adjusted it simply lifts out of place when someone else needs to drive the vehicle and is easily returned to position when I am ready to drive again.It was only a short learning curve until I was completely comfortable driving with it.It was the only left foot gas pedal accessory that I found that didn't have to be bolted to the floor.The bad.After only two months the glue that held the plastic base that has the spikes that hold it secure in place by engaging the vehicles carpet, completely let go as shown in the pics. I would return it but for two reasons, I don't want to be without it and I am afraid that the glue on the new one will give out in two more months.This is a potentially dangerous problem and you should be watching for it if you already have one or intend to buy one.Conclusion.I am not saying that you should not buy one but you should be aware of this fatal flaw and be aware that you may have to re-glue it. Furthermore, for $300, there should be some thought at the manufacturers level as to how to fix this serious problem.
I needed a wheel. It is a wheel.
i like using the heart rate monitor, thats the only thing i liked. its kinda bulky and only has time in military form. the app sucks i didn't understand a thing on it just the settings, that was the main reason why i didn't like it. so i decided to just buy the new fitbit ulta. I'm still keeping the morefit though because of the heart rate.
The gel is really refreshing.
My feet are horrendous. It’s genetic and also I wear a lot of flops or go barefoot all the time so callouses are just a normal thing for me. I get a pedicure once a month and even that never did much. What I actually do it use the blade shaver and shave most of the big callouses off and then use this to smooth it all down. My feet aren’t baby soft, but they’re no longer rough. I love that they send you so many extra sand paper discs. I do my feet like once a week and I’m no where near halfway done and I’ve had this thing for months now. I do have to us one disc for each foot because of the amount of callousing all over my feet, but the end result is great. I then lotion my feet up and the next day they are nice and smooth. Totally worth the money!
This is perfect for college students and anyone wanting to meal prep or store left overs. I love how the containers stack together easily to keep a clean cabinet. Comes in a set of 30 which I will actually be using at the neck family gathering to store leftovers for guests to take home instead of using zip lock bags. Easy to clean and store away. I've been using these for a while and they were a lifesaver in college. Glad I can get these in bulk here. Highly recommended! As a warning, if you do microwave pasta, the sauce may stain if it's tomato based. I usually have designated o es just for that reason. Other than that, it's perfect to freeze and reheat your meals in.
Real review,  this stuff solved our problem! >>>>We were having issues with our front loader and our clothes having a continuous musky smell. After doing some research I discovered the paraben in a lot of soaps and harsh perfumes etc causes smells and such to "stick" to your clothes and a residue in both the washing machine and your clothes.  I deep cleaned our machine running very hot cycleswith beach and againwith vinegar,  and added vinegar and borax to the first few washes on each load of clothes (along with this soap) to help loosen up the residue and then continue to wash exclusively with this Charlie's liquid soap (using vinegar as a booster on towels and heavy soiled things) Since then the problem is GONE and our clothes are clean and soft and scent free! I do occasionally use Meyers brand fabric softener as well which is paraben free too and gives a lovelyscent withresidue....it really made a huge difference and I can feel the difference on our clothestowels (hard to explain,  but lighter and fluffier, soft!) We will repurchase again and again!!!******PS THE HUSBAND HUNTS AND CAN USE THIS ON HIS HUNTING GEAR AS WELL SINCE IT'S SCENT FREE  saving even more money and the need for other products!
I was a bit skeptical of the 'one size fits all' claim, but I thought I would try.  Lets start by saying that I am 5'6" and wear a size 12.  I have long legs and more of a tummy than a butt issue.  I expected these to be a bit of a challenge to put on and I was right - it was like putting on pantyhose.  I did not these on, and I was impressed that the waist actually did reach my waist, and even slightly above.  I was even more impressed when I moved around and discovered that these did not even attempt to slide down.  The over all fit was, well let's just say 'snug'.  The only way I'd consider wearing these out of the house would be with a long, loose tunic (about like the mini dresses I wore as a teenager).  These leggings looked as though they had been spray painted on.These are nice leggings, although the fleece is not particularly fleece-y or thick, and appear to be well made out of quality material.  I would recommend these for somebody a size 10 or less.
I am quite impressed with this toy, it's flashing light and chirping sound caught my cats attention right away.  Unfortunately it also attracted my labterrier dog whose interest rather intimidated my cat.  I will introduce this to my cat again when the dog is busy elsewhere.  Others have expressed concern about the size of the ball, but my senior tom cat (9 pounds) had no problem smacking this ball across the floor before the dog pounced on it.The ball comes with additional batteries (to operate the chirping and lights) and a small tool needed to open the battery compartment which shows a great attention to detail on the part of this company.
This portable sound machine has a variety of sound options. You can set the noise level and also choose how long for the effect to play. You can set it for a half hour, an hour, etc. I do find it relaxing as background noise when I am reading in bed or just wanting to destress while doing household chores.
First time trying. Highly recommend.
I put this on my sofa, I ran out halfway through because you need to apply two coats. The liquid is white and the bottle is white, so I didn't realize it was almost empty. At a glance it looked like the bottle was still full, then I realized it was opaque. A lot more must come out with the sprayer than I realized!Honestly, I have not noticed much dirt and water-repelling qualities. I still have to use my Bissel Green Machine to clean up spills. It helps the liquid pool up without totally soaking into the upholstery, but it's not 100% waterproof. However, in exchange for that, it's not stiff like ScotchGuard or anything. With the small quantity I would use it on something like dining room chairs. It took too much product to cover an entire sectional.I wouldn't view this as a stain prevention method, but rather something that buys you time to clean it up with a stronger product.
I got this because it says that it's flavored, portable, and figured it would be good to add into my water bottle during hot  yoga. It tastes GROSS and you need a comedic amount of drops if you have a large water bottle.  It's not that I am not used to the taste of stevia, it just has a bad berry flavor. The bottle also isn't portable, it's pretty big. Probably because you need so many drops to make it work. If it leaks then you've got another mess on your hands.Stick with Nuun tablets. They taste a lot better, one does the job, and they are in a portable container that can't spill.This is bitter and I'd use it if I were sick or something, but it's really a slight degree away from Pedialyte.
I love the flavor and the creamy & smooth texture. It’s thick and satisfying! I’ve had the milk chocolate and at 20 cents an ounce, I think it’s a great value and I’ll order it again. Love the fiber, protein, vitamins and low carbs! The viewing strip on the side is handy!
I’m grateful for these Framar nitrile gloves because it’s critical that I protect my hands, and especially my fingers, at this stage. Years of cleaning have made them sensitive to even mild dish soap. So I consider these powder free, no latex gloves a godsend! They’re easy to put on, and easy off, tough against chemicals, strong, and they don’t bother my skin. Size M is a great fit, allowing me to do tactile tasks with ease. Protection from dish soap, cleaning solvents, oils, dyes, paints, turpentine, garden chemicals, soil and more - 9” Framar gloves are perfect for my needs.
This silk face mask is nice against my skin and it does a great job of keeping out the light because of the lower strap. There are two adjustable straps. I had to adjust mine to be as wide as possible. The mask still fits me tightly and because of this, it keeps the light out, completely. Excellent materials and workmanship!
Taste good, quite costly, but Dairy Free which I needed
My husband is so tight in the pocket he squeaks when he walks.He washes and disinfects and stores plastic neti pots.Great, but when I need one, I just cannot bring myself to use someone else's snot washer. I mean, really?This is a good deal nicer, and it's not going to break my bank. If you are really strapped for cash, there are videos on how to flush your sinuses without spending any money at all. For my sensibilities, this two pack is great.
Magnesium oxide powder is pretty straightforward. But you want to make sure that what you are getting doesn't have other things in it that are bad (like lead, for instance). According to the label, this is all 58% magnesium oxide (the 58% is how much magnesium it has and is pretty much standard).My issue is that I cannot find any information on who Nativo Harvest is, where they source their minerals, where they make their supplements. Is this being packagedtested in a certified good practices lab? In the United States?Kind of apprehensive here.
I almost always buy recycled andor environmentally correct tissues, but when my whole family gets a cold, we end up with at least two boxes of these. Having the skin peel off your nose and upper lip just plain stinks.
This prebiotic really does work within hours to reduce stomachache and bloating. I have lupus with Sjogren's Syndrome, and I have to take prophylactic antibiotics. I get bowel inflammation, and I am reasonably sure that my gut biome is a mess. Probiotics have been in my pillbox for years, but I'm getting serious about it now. This formula doesn't cause gas, and in my case, it seems to be curing it.Recommend.
My son wanted something that would put pressure on his cranium.He has ASD and having someone squeeze his noggin helps alleviate anxiety when he is on overload. Has been that way since he was a little kid. We scoured Amazon and this looked like it might do the trick.It doesn't. HOWEVER -It's really cool. It comes with an adapter, but it will run on 3 AAA batteries (not included). It is somewhat adjustable and does put some gentle pressure on your skull. The massage speed is very adjustable, and it is super relaxing. It made my neck feel great and made my headache go away. My kid likes it, too - he's keeping it. Even though it wasn't exactly what he was looking for, it does help with his anxiety. Go figure.
These ear plugs are on the large side. I ordered them, because the picture looked like they were similar to silicone ear plugs my cat stole from me. The design is pretty much the same, but the SIZE is not. These barely fit into my ears, and don't go in far enough to block much sound. I still like them better than the foam ones (those itch), but these are not for me.If your ear canals are not on the small side, I do recommend this type of plug. It's cleaner and more comfortable than foam, and you can wash it.
I got some of this at an online naturalorganic foods shop, and, unlike every other kind of untraditional noodle I have ever cooked, my husband and son both ate this and liked it. I had made pasta with garlic and cheese for me, and they ate my snack.It's good. The noodles are thin, and the texture is nice. They taste good, and they take the flavor of the sauce you use, but they don't become the flavor of the sauce the way, say, shiritaki noodles do.Four servings to a bag, and when they cook up, there's a lot. Tons of fiber in these as well (11gserving, I think).
I got this one as a Christmas gift for my husband (he asked for it). He really likes and enjoys it, but had said that he wished charge would last longer.
It does what it suppose to,  but I needed to cut down my calcium intake - found other one without calcium.
Love it!  Can't get enough licorice!
You get a number of tools for just $9.99. It's not ideal for gifting since it doesn't come boxed or include a storage pouch like most other sets I've ordered. I'm surprised everything arrived safely because the pieces were just packaged in plastic or bubble bags. I did question whether the pieces were genuine stone or plastic. They don't feel as cool as other stone tools I've ordered. Aventurine doesn't have as much natural patterning as something like amethyst, so it does tend to look more like plastic. There are some natural defects like pitting. The roller is smooth and quiet so far, but it's not the best quality. For instance, the glue is a little messy. Overall, it's a decent set for the money.
I got this for my husband. He just showed interest in trying a shaving brush after I got him a beard soap, so we're lacking experience here. I'm pretty confident this will last a lifetime considering how often he'll probably use it, but it appears well made. It looks just like the brush the previous reviewer posted. I would've liked a darker wood with more grain, but I knew there would be variations. I'm not deducting anything for that. I'm just not sure if $49.95 is a good price? Maybe if it lasts forever. This was nicely boxed for gifting.
I didn’t really know what I was getting into. I’ve been discovering all sorts of new beauty and health tools - mostly good - and was especially excited to see this might help my hair. I didn’t really know what I was getting into here. Thankfully, I read the instruction manual before starting and saw the warning about using this if you have metallic implants. I messaged Eternal Clear and received a speedy response that it was safe to use this as long as I stayed 1.5” away from my metal rods. Yay!So I had already noted that everything arrived safely, neatly boxed and sealed. I was worried the bulbs were defective at first because they didn’t light up right away. I wasn’t even sure if they were supposed to, but I persisted and eventually they all lit up. I don’t know if it was a coincidence, but one finally lit up when I moved my hand closer toward it. They all seemed to light up much easier after the first time. The electric buzzing and smell is kind of scary, but as soon as I was told I could proceed, I plucked up the courage to try this on the lowest setting. I’m not even sure it was a setting because there’s a pretty wide range between on and where the dots indicating intensity start. I’m slowly working on getting used to the sounds, smells, and feel first. I found the dial easy to turn. I’m proceeding cautiously but optimistically.
Honestly, I can't afford to take this long term, but I was curious if the higher EPA and DHA makes a difference. Is it even good for you? We buy the CostcoKirkland Fish Oil. You could take 2 capsules and get 2,000 mg fish oil (it only suggests 1), but 2 capsules only provides 500 mg EPA+DHA and 100 mg other omega-3 fatty acids. Dr. Tobias is 800 mg EPA and 600 mg DHA. I'm waiting to see if there are any noticeable improvements. I do think the Kirkland fish oil helps my cat's coat and inflammation, but it doesn't seem to be helping my husband's inflammation. Maybe he should try 2 capsules. The bottles were sealed.
Tried once
This is giving me alot of relief on my back and legs don't fall asleep
with constant 'dry eye' this is a great soother when applied with a mist bottle... great for an added moisture to the face & mouth at the same time.Healthy, odorlesstasteless CONSIDER: the most convenient in a mist bottle!  Such comfort & convenience wo a lot of 'toxic ingredients'FYI: this same product can be acquired @ BRIVOL w free shipping  only.....17.47...I'm just sayin'...
Like the textures and flavors.
Quality product.  Good price
This is very sturdy foot stool.  The handle makes it much safer for reaching the cabinet.  Mom is less than 5 feet tall; perfect for her to reach pantry shelves safely.
Love them, much better than others I have tried. Nice and big too, work on glasses, and all screens for I-Pad, Fire, Smart Phone etc.Recommend them highly!
I have used these for about 2 months now and I  really like them, I have had a torn  rotator cuff and these help some with the pain as well as some exercise to keep it fluid! I just do not want surgery as I know of a friend of mine who had the rotator operated on and it really did not help! I will keep taking these and see in another month how I do. I'll come back and update then!
Very good salve! They gave my hubby some to take home from the hospital for wound care on an infected toe and this is nice stuff. (he's a diabetic so crucial for healing) these pads a doubled and saturated with salve, you can cut them to size for smaller ares (I did) and they help the healing nicely!
I bought one of these and another smaller as I just have had a knee replacement. Icing is crucial to help healing and pain, and the large ACE is really great, I bought 2 extra 3 days later and just now ordered another to have spares for the rest of my Phys. Therapy duration.I like the fact that you can put them right on the skin, they do stay pliable after freezing and the size is great for the area on the knee. I have used them for 2 12 weeks now and had no problems with leakage.They freeze really fast ( within 30 to 45 min.) and last for up to 30 minutes, just perfect for what I need.These will also be nice to have on hand for other aches and pains as they crop up after I'm done with my rehab for my knee replacement.For this they are perfect!
I gave this product four stars because they can clean, but as I scrub with them they tend to fall apart.  I run through a large amount of them just for cleaning my glass top stove, and if something is particularly burned on these just tear apart trying to get it off.  I cut the flattened ends off of them until there is nothing left of the pad to try and get more use out of them, but they just don't stand up that well for the price that a person has to pay for them.
Got this on a recommendation from a nurse for home use if wax buildup became an issue.  It hasn't, so this is onhand as a &#34;just in case&#34; item.
Product as described.  As others have mentioned, the scent is more akin to a walk in the woods than a Christmas Fur in the living room, but it does lack the heavier handed disinfectant tinge of other types and it gives a nice mild foresty scent to the room.
Horrible tweezers . Only one pair grabs the hair .  They came packaged very nicely .Handles are wide but the ends are thick and dull . Maybe I got a bad batch of tweezers?
Received my first container on time. However, I’m still trying to pick my jaw off the floor after opening it only to find less than a container of powder.  I included some images along with a tape measure to show the depth of the plastic container.The contents is a very fine powder that looks thinner than Cacao powder if that helps understand the consistency.It has a sweet yet bitterly aroma to it.Since mine is missing the scoop, I used a teaspoon full into my evening coffee.The taste is not overwhelming in my coffee. As I’m using unpasteurized honey to sweeten my beverage.I have taken capsules of Lions Mane the past few months . However, due to a quicker delivery system the powder is supposed to have, I’m trying this.Maybe my container was  at the end of the line getting a fill up?I will update my review asa I can feel the effects of the powder verses capsules .
Love this tea it really takes your appetite away
Dear cats decided to hurl my old one off my desk and cracked the lid in half.So I got this replacement. It's the same, but was hard to get together and hard to get apart, and rattled.I got some Vaseline, ran a little around the grooves, and now it's easy to open, easy to close, and doesn't rattle, feels much better. Yay vaseline.
Saved me from getting seasick!
Smells great! I have to keep using to find how long it's effects last!
These seemed to work well at first, but they loose their effectiveness after a while. Don't work as well as they are supposed to.
this is all over the web as a miracle cleaner - I think a homemade paste using baking soda, vinegar and dawn.
Hubby needed ankle support, he wanted the kind with the heel open so I got these.  I was worried the XL would be too big - actually they were way too tight.  He has thin ankles and it cut into him.  I purchased another brand without a heel cutout in a L and they fit like a glove.
I generally like to use my bento box and glass containers, but I do like these Amazon Brand - Solimo Plastic Food Storage Containers with Lids. The feel of the storage container is comparable to brand name containers. The lid stays secure. They are a decent size. The plastic isn't 'bendy'. It can be re-used a few times. Even though it does indicate that it is BPA-free, I do like to stay to a limit on re-use and the container seems durable enough for at least 5 re-uses. I should also add that I generally do not re-heat in the container so if one re-heats on a separate plate (which I prefer), it extends the use. It is also has a pretty good price point in that it is around 90 cents per container. It is worth a look if you like containers like this style.
I like Revlon brand and I especially like that the end isn't so pointed you stab your finger underneath the nail. This is a file I've used before and was glad to see the quality hasn't changed. AND you get TWO - yay!  I am happy with my purchase.
Did the job. Definitely remember - dry fingers only when pulling out the soap sheets. For a pair of washable black trousers, I had to use two sheets, but they came clean in the hotel sink!
While this is a good chair for watching TV, it is not very comfortable for longer use.  It is easy to assemble but not a good purchase for the price.
I wasn't sure if the light meter on my Canonet was still functional, but I popped one of these cells right in and it worked like a charm!! Glad Glitzy still carries these batteries as they are becoming increasingly more difficult to source. Definitely recommend.
Your job won't let you use smokeless tobacco on the job?  No worries, friend!  Get some of these Teaza pouches and they'll help get you through the day.  They taste good and (temporarily) satisfy cravings.
I have short and thin lashes and this curler works beautifully!
This product is exactly what it look like. A big bucket. Is deep enough and large enough to soak those big dogs after a long day at work or the gym. If that is all you need from this- you are in luck. No bells, no whistles.  I'm a wide 11.5 and my feet fit with room to spare. I can only estimate that a 12 would make it but 12.5 your feet may not fit comfortably.
I love this foot rest! I just moved from somewhere with a showertub combo to a place with a separate shower and tub, and was wondering if there were any sort of small steps I could use to make shaving easier now that I didn't have the bathtub ledge to rest of foot on. This works perfectly! I've used it several times now, and it feels nice and sturdy (though it's not meant for sitting or standing on!). I love the little section that's designed for a razor - I actually put my soap in there so it doesn't stick to the tile. It has holes on the bottom, so it will drain through which is a nice touch. I'd definitely recommend this!
This weighted pencil holder is not a bad product. The grip on it is large, so if your kid is more comfortable with a bigger pencil to grip, it's got that covered. The outer portion isn't squishy, it's sort of a sandy grip, which isn't a bad thing either. The trouble is that you need to attach this using a tiny allen wrench to tension the grip onto the pencil, which means that you have to have the wrench out EVERY TIME THE PENCIL NEEDS SHARPENING. My boys mash their pencils into the paper, resulting in many broken pencil tips. The allen wrench never gets put away, greatly increasing the likelihood that it'll be lost. There has to be a better way to make this grip adhere to the pencil, but other than that, it's a great device for helping kids that need this kind of aid.******BE ADVISED********This listing was not for the kit, I only purchase (as per the listing) the delux grip third from the top. It's a bit pricey for what you get, and I've found a better option, so you might want to see if you can find this locally so you can have a look at it before you buy.
I use kinesiology tape on my bad knees, and I had hoped this stuff would be a support to my back while I try to reduce my belly.  Yeah there's one born every minute.  You get ONE!!! application that is not reusable.  The information says that it can be used for multiple days.  I don't know how to express how dumb that statement is.  Pregnancy doesn't last a couple of days folks.  It's not a sprint, it's a marathon.  You'd need to buy these every few days at best.  But if you use kinesiology tape you know that it's likely to peel up or loosen well before that.  So you're paying for one or two days of relief which you probably won't even get.Just don't, okay?  Get one of the ones that are reusable.
I found the sound and the light difficult to adjust to exactly what I wanted, and the selection of sounds left something to be desired.  I'd say this is more for kids than adults.
I've used a lot of different nasal irrigators, and overall I prefer the ones which pour rather than squeeze water through your nasal passages.  The latter makes it too easy to force too much water into your nose and sinuses, and that's a horrible feeling.  Gentle pressure is the key here.  Beyond that, it's pretty much as good as any other irrigator.
Yes you can buy peroxide for less money, but this is mixed to a 3% strength, and has a nice scent to it, so it saves a lot of time and effort.  Does the job, good disinfectant.  Unless you want to fool around with mixing your own, I'd say just bite the bullet on this one.
I can't say that I see a lot of difference in the way my toes align, and since I can't wear these with shoes, I can't use them for very long.  As with all things body oriented, YMMV.
This is a great price for a 4 pack of very nice household gloves.  The medium size fit me perfectly without flopping around, always a plus, and the lining makes them more comfortable that classic rubber gloves.  They may feel a bit light, again by comparison with your classic rubber glove, but so far they've held up to whatever I've thrown at them.  I suspect they'd be good for gardening, though I'm pretty sure they won't stand up to rose thorns. The only protection you'll get there is from dirty hands.  Four pair means you can dedicate a pair to specific tasks if you like. It's kind of nice to have a pair of these-are-for-scrubbing-the-toilet gloves. But then toilet scrubbing is one of the things I'm squeamish about.  Nice selection of colors too.
Using hemp products is a bit of a crap shoot because you're never quite sure if the product is going to have any effect on your condition.  So I'm giving a (cautious) thumbs up for this because I've been using it with great success on an inflamed muscle in my leg.  I didn't expect it to work this well; I tried it because when I test a product I put it through all sorts of paces.What I found was that within about 5 minutes of application, the pain in my leg and backside had eased considerably.  It didn't go away entirely, that required the addition of some NSAIDs. But it did make the discomfort manageable, which is a blessing.  When I tried this as a sleep aid, it did nothing for me.  Results on a headache were mixed.  I will say that some advice I was given - always look for hemp products that are CO2 extracted - was good advice because I find such products to be across-the-boards more effective than any others.What can I take away from these experiments? Mostly what I take from most such experiments: We are all different, and products like this, which are created without set standards, will inevitably vary. So if this works for you, for some conditions, be glad, use it, you lucked out.  If it doesn't, hand it off to someone else who might have better luck, and try something else.
With 8 adhesive pads and two channels, and any number of operating modes, this unit does it all, and does it well. I love that I can run different programs on different parts of my body. I love how much better I feel after a treatment.  This TENS unit is wonderful. I'm tossing all the rest of mine.
I'm sad that I can't use these. They throw my gait off just enough that they affect my back, and I ended up in a lot of pain as a result of wearing them. I think they were good for my feet, but the back pain was more than I could tolerate. Going back to my old insoles alleviated it.I will try again just to be sure, but I wanted to post this review as a reminder that if you have serious foot, knee, hip, or back issues, you might do better to have professional advice about insolesorthotics.
No, I don't have a baby.  I have wicked dry skin that's also sensitive, so I thought I'd give this a shot.  And it works.  I smooth it on in the shower, pat dry, and my skin feels so much better.  It's got a very mild scent which is not at all offensive, and it's easy to apply.  I wish it was a bit cheaper, and that's the reason it's only four stars instead of five.  But it's a good product so I suppose it's worth whatever it's worth, right?
great for scrub making
They don't do any better at stamping than regular nail polish.  In fact, the white is useless.
I just received this Beeswax, Paul's Pail, and I must say it is fabulous. I have a very expensive genuine leather brief case that I purchased well over twenty-five years ago.  I washed my brief case off with a damp towel and then applied this wax in circular motions to my briefcase. I allowed it to dry according to the directions and polished it with a soft cloth. My briefcase looks new again. I then tried this on a new leather pencil case I just purchased and it even made the new case look fabulous. Great find. Thank you Paul's Pail.
I am very impressed with the quality of these bags.  They are at the same level as Hallmark and for a much lower price.  Several of the bags have a 3 dimensional aspect to them.  They have a nice ribbon handle and attached gift tag as well.
This does nothing to make foundation smoother. If anything it makes it look like I have tried to put makeup on with a plastic bag.
My Aria scale has worked great for over a year. Easy to use daily. I just wish it wasn't such a pain to reset it and reconnect to the new network when I changed the network name. Ultimately works great though.
This is pretty good stuff.  I enjoy the mix up flavors in the bag, I dislike all the peanut casings on the bottom of the bag when you get to the end.
I liked the extra suction cup hook and rubber scrubber that came with the box. You get a charcoal, green tea, and normal sponge. I've used the charcoal one so far and you don't have to worry about the color robbing off or leaving lumps of charcoal on your face. The charcoal has no smell or feeling, I would go as far as to say, the added charcoal is cosmetic. The sponges are very soft and slightly slippery (like  how bleach feels) and it cleans the face. I can't say this is a must-have product, but it is a good product for people who don't have anything to wash their face with but water. The sponge will help exfoliate the skin without any exfoliates so it's natural and safe for all kinds of skin. You can use it with or without soap. I don;t see any noticeable difference with using the sponge vs using the washcloth, but it is a much gentler substitute for washcloths if you are in the market for something gentler for your skin.
I'm a 60 year old woman who has been fighting against extreme oily skin, acne and large pores since my teens. This product has absolutely changed my life.  I've been using it for six weeks. My skin is clear and radiant in a way it has NEVER been before. I am able to go without makeup now with no embarrassment about red, oily, blemished skin. I honestly didn't think that would ever be possible for me.The first week I used it, I diluted it 50% with witch hazel because of the way it made my skin burn and tingle. Since then I've been using it full strength morning and evening, every day. Sometimes I use it at noon if my nose and chin start feeling oily. During the first week a few pimples emerged, I think my skin was purging submerged problems. However those pimples healed incredibly fast.  The spots on my face from old healed pimples have completely disappeared. I no longer have huge greasy pores to contend with. My skin is soft and smooth and radiant. If I feel a pimple start to show up, it heals before it actually gives me a problem!This does sometimes make my skin burntingle rather unpleasantly, but it's only for a couple of minutes before that subsides. It's well worth the momentary discomfort!  Worth mentioning is that even when it feels irritated, I've never experienced any redness from using it (which I do with many other products). It doesn't make my skin dry and there has been no peeling for me.  It does burn unpleasantly if you get it on your lips, so I like to apply lip balm before using it.This is a superb product and an answer to prayers for me. I will be trying their other products to see if they are of the same quality. I consider it a bargain at any price and at this price it's a steal!
We used these for our wedding, cute little bags, there were a few broken but for the price not bad.
Works quickly and accurately. Exactly what I wanted.
well worth it.
Had one of these Obusforme seat cushions in my car years ago - and it lasted for years! I'm retired now and was having trouble finding a cushion for my computer chair that was big enough for the chair seat AND stayed put. This cushion fills the ENTIRE seat of my chair and does not slide around much at all. Very comfortable. I feel like a couple of big soft hands are holding me. Really, really nice.Note: I don't have serious back problems when sitting, so I can't speak to whether this will help with sciatica or back issues. It IS more expensive than many of those curvy things that are designed for ergonomics, but this is waaay more comfortable for me, so worth the extra $$.
Best socks ever. Warm, loose, no slip. I don't wear anything else. Love these!
I’ve used the pour on version of this for several years on my gas commercial type stove.  This was after cleaning it by hand several times with everything else on the market and a straight razor blade to scrape off residue.  Then came Carbon Off!  It’s miraculous.  What used to take me hours now takes only minutes with some down time while it soaks.  My most important hint involves use of water. DONT!!!  Water deactivates the chemicals so if you put it on a a wet surface or start playing with it with a wet sponge, you’ve just stopped the cleaning power.  Found this the hard way.  I used to have to find a restaurant supply shop to buy it but now that it’s available on Amazon, it’s a no brained. Five star all the way!!!
Biz beats every other laundry additive I've every used.  My mom used it decades ago when I was growing up and it still works better than anything else on the market.  I can't figure out why it's so hard to find in stores.  I guess because they don't spend a lot on mass advertising so there is little demand.  Most sellers on Amazon were pretty expensive IMO but by buying a pack of 4 boxes I got the best price.  It'll probably last until my grandkids grow up but at least I have a good stash now!  For really tough stains, make a paste and spread the paste on stain.  let it sit and work for up to hours before washing.  Ive never had an issue with this technique damaging colors.
We use these in the Jazz clubs to tone down enthusiastic players.  Don't take them to the gun range and expect any kind of protection.  That's not their intention.
I need dark to sleep.  These do the job, blocking light perfectly and comfortably.
Some of my relatives take many, many medications. This little bottles help organize and keep them safe from ODing.
Just okay. For dusting, probably good. For actually cleaning the floor, not so much.
not sure it is stainless  or stainless plated- it is awfully light, and the face is much darker than in the picture; fyi - doesn't come with a battery
got out a set grease stain, but didn't get out some dirt, so i dunno; but since then it has been wonderful
Nice nail files.  They are really pretty.  It's kinda hard to tell which side is rough and which is fine.  But, they get the job done.
Didn’t work for me. I tried to use them to stick on the current nasal pieces to make them more comfortable (on heavy lead glasses). But the adhesive keeps falling off after use
The socks are very well made and provide a lot of compression (at first wearing maybe a little too much) but after wearing them a few  times they are very supportive and not quiet as tight.
In overall quality these are one step below Foster Grant folding glasses.
I frequently cut my fingertips and I also have very dry skin which causes my knuckles to crack I use these quite a bit to help my fingertips and my knuckles, they are very handy
I carry these in my full tactical aid kit, the one in the cargo area of my vehicle. They are well made, solid and durable. I’d definitely recommend them for anyone fitting out a large first aid kit. They’re too big for compact personal aid kits, so be mindful of the space in your kit. Recommended.
Reviews for first aid products like this are more passfail than 1-5 stars. The product packaging will hold up and keep the tube sterile. The tube itself appears to be well made. So yes, I can recommend purchase for your first aid kit. Pass.
I carry this around with me all the time. It is set up to my stride, lets me know when I've reached my daily goal, how many calories burned and keeps a 7 day record. It's also extremely accurate.
I do like these clippers. Wish they had one of those little metal bits to scrape under the nails. Also, the catcher part works great but slides around a lot depending on how you hold the clippers, which is a big flaw. Cuts well though! Good medium size which I like!
Used this soap the day that I received it.  Haven't a negative thing to say about this product.  It is just exactly described justas it is.  Very hard in the container and looks as though it's been poured in,  while it was hot.  Very rustic looking in the plasticcontainer,  as it is supposed to look.You can tell that some serious work went into the making of this soap,  by its performance.  After running hot water into thebowl and using a fine shaving soap brush,  you will get a very rich creamy good smelling lather.  You will get a close shavewith minimal nicks and irritation.Another fine point is,  you will enjoy a unique old time barbershop scent while shaving.  An important point is,  this soap isin line with other brands of shaving soaps according to price.  You cannot order a good quality can of shaving soap for lessthat 15 dollars.  This shaving soap is somewhat a cut above your average shaving soap on the market today.  Therefore,  Ican comfortably say that this shaving soap is a fair price for the quality that it  factually is.It appears that you will able to get months of shaving from this reasonably large can of shaving soap.  The container is not a cheapplastic,  it is a heavy duty plastic jar with a screw on lid that fits precision and will screw on tightly to keep your soap fresh.This container will not allow your soap to dry out.  All in all,  I cannot find fault with this product or the seller...
These are great and well made. The material is sisal so it’s a little scratchy, but considering you’re using it to get clean it’s a plus. Similar to a loofa. The bags hold up in the washer too; I throw them in with my towels.
The ear plugs didn't fit well, nor did they lessen the noise.
Plus: plastic smell dissipates quickly;  hand pump fills chambers within 2 minutes, adjustable Velcro straps secure neck openingMinus: does not seem to provide vertical traction without impacting blood supply- at the point I felt the stretch, my head was pounding...Also the unit leaks air even with valve closed.May be useful for sleeping whole upright, while travelling??I would not buy again.
Warm and fuzzy - only wearable in the winter though. Great for lounging in the house!
Its sadly not that good! ISO100 Fruity Pebble for some reason tastes miles ahead of this product, why? It sweet but not in a great way and is just disappointing but its easy to drink the rest of it since I spent the money on it.
These were a comparable value to local brick & mortar stores. The texture is soft and absorbent.
Let's just say....it work. For everything that Magnesium is needed for, it works. Especially since it's in a higher dose form. We're already all so deficient in it, might as well get a higher dose.
This product helped me to have bowel movements without my stomach cramping up.
Love this for my bowels and headaches!
Pretty rock necklaces with a nice box, great deal. However did have to replace the chains with more sturdy tangle free chains.
Great product and shipped fast, is what it says for a decent value
I bought this because I read that it helps with constipation issues. After taking this supplement for several days I found my constipation issue were much worse and I was bloating a lot. I would not recommend this supplement if your looking to alleviate constipation.
Delivered quickly - easy to take.
I read reviews on different types of magnesium “compounds” and it was stated that mag. citrate was most effective to ease digestive issues. It is gentle, good for heartburn and for mood. No complaints.  I do not take every day but will continue to use every other day to ward off GERD symptoms as well as possible constipation. It is not harsh ..as I had feared …and could be taken every day, in my opinion.
Good product! I’ve been using it for about a year now.
This is my second time ordering. First time taking this vitamin. It was suggested to me by a herbalist that I am working with. I appreciate that it is plant based. I take one each night before bed. The benefits were noticed almost immediately. ;) My body got used to it and my days are very balanced now. Thank you!
I use it as part of my IF routine for regulating BM as well as for muscle and bones. I only take 1 capsule a day because the suggested dose was giving me diarrhea.
I have been taking magnesium for several years to help ward off leg cramps.  This formula is the best I have found.
Chemotherapy back in 2012 really messed up the nervous system of my intestines, so they need a daily stimulant and this magnesium works better than anything else
I take this for sleep, regular bowel movements along with one Dulcolax every now and then since I have diabetes and my bowel has slowed down. I take two every night and it really helps the heart. Read up about magnesium! It helps a lot of things including muscle cramps.
God product
I have been taking 1000mg of another type of magnesium. This is only 400, but must have superior bio-availability because I only need a single 400mg caplet! Awesome!
I feel a bit better and sleep better... will update later on.
Seems like quality magnesium and exactly the kind I wanted.
Love this product.  Received what was described and it worked perfectly.  I will definitely order again.
Bought this for myself (leg cramps) and my 90 year old parents for muscle cramps and stool softener.  It works great for my leg cramps but too strong on the stool softener side for me.  My parents on the other hand experienced good results on both.
Not bad! Been taking magnesium daily for over a year and did not notice any difference between this brand and the OTC one I was using prior from TargetWay better for my wallet so definitely repurchasing
This summer, my pops ended up looking like Rudolph the red nose reindeer from the weightfriction of his glasses. Luckily, these were available & I got em for him. He's now back to his normal grouchy self, minus the red nose. :)
This definitely works!! Its very strong so do as the instructions say and take it with a good meal. When I take on an empty stomach or with a snack it makes me feel nauseous.
MY hubby and I use the product to relaxAnd help with Sleeping. Product Works WellWe'll order again.
This is the first time I tried a Turmeric Curcumin product for chronic joint and muscle pain. I was surprised how quickly I found relief. Within the first few days I noticed a reduction in inflammation my knees and the pain was gone. I am a believer in this product!
I tried another product once and it did not work as well. I went back to this and am very satisfied.
This is great, it works as it should. I only take it every other day because it makesme nauseated if I take every day. I started on the Keto diet and didn't want anyconstipation and end up with ulcerative colitis. I am happy with he results.
Magnesium is an essential supplement for women.  It makes a noticeable difference in my everyday life in many areas from lessening anxiety to keeping me regular.  I’m happy with this purchase because it’s a good deal for a quality product.  Thank you!
Use this product to help with restless legs. Seems to work well and for the price it’s better than picking up at the grocery store!
I've been taking magnesium citrate for years after totally not being able to go.. I've tried other brands and wanted something that wasn't a horse pill.. Though the pills are smaller, just one will make me nauseous.. I thought for a while I might be sick until I ruled it out to these pills.. second day of not taking them and I feel normal again.. just keep in mind these are potent and while they may work for you it didn't work for me.
Pain in my limbs have greatly lessened  from taking this.  I can finally enjoy walking again.
Great product speedy delivery would rest again
I haven't been taking it long enough to review.  It is easier to swallow than my former brand.  I love that it has more mg than any other brand.
Works well, will order again.
This product contains lead! Completely shocked it’s still on the market and being sold. Disgusted that this product is being sold on amazon
Im soglad i got this electric razor. In the package it says it is for men, but this works great for me. I tried it dry on my legs and did a great job. It doesnt irritate my legs even when they were dry. I love this comes with a storage case. And i like it show the battery life so i know when to charge it.
These would of been great if it wasnt for the smell. I washed it before using it and my baby seemed  to like it. Then i smelled it, the smell of plastic is so strong even washing it wont go away. Kind of smells like the slime kids play with or worse. So now im not sure if i want to put it in my baby's mouth again. They do work for what is intended though, it is just the smell. Not sure if others have noticed it.
We bought this to keep the horde of feral cats in our neighborhood from using our front yard as a litter box. We followed the directions (and even extended the daily application by 4 days) but  it did very little to deter them from using our mulched area as a bathroom. If keeping wild cats out of your yard is your intended purpose for this spary, my experience is that it doesn’t do the trick.
This was a life saver for me on my last long trip.  I typciially use a powder formula for my prebiotic, but traveling makes this very inconvenient.  These capsules worked just as well and were easy to use and travel with.  Very effective product that I will use in the future when I travel.
Good product.  Shipped quickly.  Thank you
Stronger than my old dollar store readers. I needed new magnifiers for crafts. My old ones got chewed by my puppy. I decided to try stronger ones. These do the trick and are stronger than what I needed. Like the fashionable colors. I might take a pair to work and keep on my desk. This is very handy to have spares. I have super high powered ones that only work for jewelry inspection, but not very useful. The +5.00 is good for hand work and miniatures.
Look at the way these came ... I have to straighten them  out! I don’t even know if they’re going to taste like because looks like they’ve been in some ways back office or store room for a while Forgot for sure I will upgrade this when I get that information
Great alterative paper towel. Wipes up stuff easily and is as durable as normal paper towels.
These drink packets are perfect for rehydrating after a long bike ride. They are very compact and light, which is nice for being out and about. The drink has nice flavor and isn't overly fruity or sugary.
This worked very well for covering my dish to take to the potluck. It was clingy like what I am used to but had the added bonus of being compostable!
These are a decent option if you are looking for a reusable period product. They are easy to use and clean, but I do find them a bit bulky. I like that the inner lining is black so I don’t have to worry about stains.
This is ok if you are only going to use it for a short time, but I would invest in something better if you are going to wear it all day every day. This item came with one set of glassesframes that you could stick the 5 disposable shields to. It was pretty hard to get it to work. It looked like there was a groove for the shield to fit into, but I could never get it in. The adhesive was pretty lame. By the end of two hours it was coming off. So much for extra protection.
This provided a nice relaxing bath. I personally prefer traditional lavender scents. This one smells more floral than lavender-y. It did bubble and fizz, which created  an inviting bath.
I was so looking forward to this foot soak, but it failed to deliver. It seems to me I may have just gotten a defective product. It is super oilyliquid-y instead of dry salt. It is almost as if the machine adding the ingredients to the bag malfunctioned and added 1 cup of oil instead of 1 tbsp. Also, it isn’t 16 oz like it says on the listing. The item I received was much lighter and smaller which also might be tied to the defective mixture. On the bright side, the scent is powerful and lovely.
Great coq10. It is a higher concentration than most which is super nice. No more taking multiple pills for just one supplement.
This is a lifetime supply of nasal relief packets. Just add them to your Neti pot with some distilled water and you are good to go! They really help if you have a sinus infection or really bad allergies.
This product is pretty disposable. I will work for some cleaning, but not for very long. It is pretty equivalent to a sponge from the dollar store.
Gotta love the good old clif bar. They really delivered on their original quality and creative ingenuity. These are just the right size for a snack at work (see my picture comparing the size of the mini bar to an original sized one I had on hand). They look really dark in color...probably just because of the coffee that has been added. You can really taste the espresso flavor, though it is very pleasant.
This is just the thing to have on hand. With the whole COVID outbreak this is the kind of supplement that you don’t need until you really need it. I like that it has elderberry, vitamins and b in addition to the standard vitamin c.
This is an easy switch to make both for the planet and for your wallet. I have had a set of dryer balls (a different brand) for 3+ years and they are still going strong. These don’t feel like they are wrapped quite as tightly as my old set, but I fully expect them to last over a year. They don’t leave any fuzz behind on my clothes and they don’t have any weird chemicals. This is a very affordable option to substitute for dryer sheets.
Pretty standard Tupperware. This is a great bulk option if you find that folks aren’t bringing back your borrowed containers. I just wish there was more than one size.
I am very happy with this supplement. I have purchased from this company before and have never had issues. Magnesium is great to help with muscle soreness.
Soap just falls right out it feel nice but ur soap doesn’t stay in it at all I filled it up put it down the grave it again all of soap was where it was sitting
The perfect straws for a Root beer float!
This product is a great idea. It works pretty well, although it doesn't always register when I drink and keeps flashing. Doesn't work at all with a straw. Still, it reminds me to hydrate and I really need that. My only real complaint is that it is worth about $5, not the $25+ that I paid for it. I hate that it is the only thing I could find that does this job. The manufacturerseller should be ashamed for charging so much for a very basic gadget. If you can, wait until someone with ethics makes something that does the job that this product does.
I like this brush for cleaning the inside of my decanter.  I can bend the tip to reach the top inside, as well as the bottom inside.  The best thing is this brush is dishwasher safe.
Great value and really nice sponge that has substance to it, not just a piece of netting tied together.
This is exactly what I need. I need the extra protection against harsh chemicals in my work environment. It goes on soft and does not feel heavy or greasy. This size jar will last me quite a long time.
I travel a lot and don't always have access to food. I like to carry these as they are convenient and tasty for a nutrition bar. The other types tend to be too large and too sweet tasting for me. This size is much better. I can eat enough without getting tired of the taste and is just enough to satisfy my hunger until I can get a proper meal.
Excellent! No twigs or anything like that. I also checked it and it turned my flashlight on so it's the real deal.
I got one of these temporary sunglasses from my eye doctor. I am tired of buying clip on sunglasses just to have them get scratched or broken. These work great, and when one is scratched up, I’ll throw it and grab a new one. Perfect.
It works, but it's not really powerful enough.
Though the price per pound is as good as  Anthony's Erythritol, which I usually buy in 5 lb bags, this product has slightly larger granules and will not pour through my sugar dispenser.  Since Erythritol in general does not dissolve as easily as sugar, it seems unwise to make larger crystals which may not dissolve in baking and in other recipes.  The taste and quality (GMO free) are great and there are no lumps.  The package is attractive and re-seals.  I bought this to try using a smaller, more a convenient bag  since it was the same price per pound, but I will not be buying this brand again.
When I work out, I like to supplement my protein, so I've tried many brands and flavors including Solgar and Quest.  I've also tried a number of Syntrax Nectar flavors - some I like, some I don't, but Fuzzy Navel is my favorite. It's just a little sour for me, so I add a little stevia, and voila!  A fruity treat that helps me meet my protein goals on workout and after-workout days.  No weird smells or tastes, fairly easy to mix up, great when stirred into water and then blended with ice!
I am forever putting my glasses down and covering them up when I am working, so I am constantly searching for my glasses when I could be working! These are a great buy for a set of three different colors, and are well made. No more losing my glasses!
Works great on sensitive teeth, has reduced tartar buildup, superior quality, really holds a charge, hard travel case an awesome bonus.
No Assembly required.  Very sturdy and safe to use.  I used this in my bath room as tub is little higher to get in.I give five stars because it is very sturdy and safety when used in wet places. My Aunt is of 185 pounds and easily get in after taking step in this and get in to tub .
Perfect product for what we needed them for! I scooped ice cream into each one, fed a straw and a spoon into the slot of each lid, and put them all in the freezer...at party time, we scooped ice into the tub I had them in, everyone could choose their own flavor soda to pour over the ice cream in their cup, and each person got to have an easy, no mess ice cream soda. It couldn't have worked better. Thanks!My only complaint is that the lids stuck together really badly and took me forever to separate some of them.
The plastic bottle it comes in is cheap and useless it sprays poorly and it leaks when you tip it on its side to spray. Probably transfer into a manduka container.
This Japanese style bench is a great addition to my bathroom, I love the ease of sitting under the shower and washing my legs and feet and not having to worry about balancing myself, Get one I think you will be very happy with this purchase.
I like that it has the combination of supplements in this since I take each daily anyway. I especially like that it helps to improve my skin but I also take for my overall health and to help with my joints
As far as gifting tissue-paper goes, it's great quality at a great price for the amount. I have had no issues with tearing easily. I love the teal color!
My two girls went nuts over these bath bombs.First of all they are packaged nicely and none of them came chipped or broken.They are lightly scented and lightly dyed. This makes me feel better as us ladies have to take precaution when bathing especially with harsh soaps and dyes. They are definitely not "LUSH" quality but still work well and look nice.
I have very thick course hair and not only did this straighten my hair perfectly and it added shine. I did use a heat protectant. The brush side allowed me to straighten at the root and while it did get bone straight it did not straighten as well as other side.  But I love the brush side, Love the rotating cord. It’s just perfect!
These Aneercare washable menstrual pads are okay overall. I haven’t tried any other reusable pads like this so I can’t compare. So far I have used them as a pad after the 1st and 2nd day of my cycle when it is lighter. I was too nervous to use when I first started this month because I had to work all 16 hours t and didn’t want to risk having a huge mess on my hands. I find them to be comfortable and and they don’t make any crinkly noise while wearing. They have washed well so far. I always do a nice hand wash before putting in the washing machine.  I dried them also and wonder if the plastics button will warp eventually
WOrks like a charm.  Has the bottom of my feet feeling baby soft.  I have,  the funkiest, sweatiest feet ever seen in a woman.  I have tried the “As Seen on TV” products, and  slathering my feet in coconut oil and wearing socks, etc. to no avail.  But when I found this all the other went in the trash.  I have been using this product on my feet for a few weeks .  After use  I apply some foot cream to smoothen my feet. Foot cream and this scrapper are a  good combination to have healthier looking feet soon.
Used to line up my undercut.  Works like a dream.  It cuts close and does not bite the skin.  I also use on my brothers hair and he wants to steal it.  nope get your own
This is far better than drinking the teas.  I do not enjoy tea, or the taste.  So this is a great addition to my detox days.  Just pop a pill and I can instantly feel like i am more focused and less bloated.  I do not get the sudden urges to use the bathroom, i am eased into going.  My skin is clear, my stomach is less bloated, and i have more stamina.
My joints are slightly better with this supplement.
Garcinia Cambogia is a small, sour tropical fruit used traditionally as a condiment and to prevent formation and increase release of intestinal gas.  This herb used as natural appetite suppressant. Aids in weight management and does not taste bad.  I mix it in with my yogurt and shakes.  Hopefully it will help me loose weight.  I've taken for 2 days now, 3 doses total, and I already have more energy and notice a suppression in my appetite.
(4.5)These Zep cleaners that came in the Zep cleaning bundle work perfectly. Just like brand names, if not better than some.This bundle comes with an all purpose cleaner and a streak free glass cleaner. The all purpose cleaner is a degreaser as well and it works brilliantly! We had grease splatter on the stove top and I was dreading the clean up but figured it would be a great test for this stuff. I gave it a spray, let it sit for 60 seconds, attempted a wipe up, and wow! The grease came right up. I was impressed. I wasn't 100% in love with the smell but the cleaning power sold me.The glass cleaner I would definitely say is in line with other blue glass cleaners. It only streaked if I wiped it really poorly (I can streak any windowmirrorglass surface imaginable, I am so bad at that). It had the normal smell that you would expect. I liked it a lot.I thought both these cleaners were very good. I'm not sure about the price and how it compares to other cleaners though. Even though I definitely recommend these for their cleaning power, I did have to take just a tad off for the slightly higher cost.
These gloves are excellent. They work well. The gloves have granules in the palm and fingers that help to cause friction which leads to a better grip. All I know is that these gloves hold on to things like those pesky dishes much better than some others I've used in the past. These are latex free, waterproof, and go up a good distance on the arm to help keep you dryclean and the waterdirtetc. out. This pack is very good because the gloves come in different colors so you can use them in different rooms without confusing, say, the bathroom and kitchen gloves! I love these.
So far so good with these capsules. I've had no bad side effects and some good so that works well. They seem to do wonders for the hair and skin. They are said to have antibiotic type effects as well which is always a plus. These are rich in antioxidants and the capsules are vegetarian. Since you are supposed to take one capsule twice a day this is only a one month supply so that's something to consider when deciding if you are going to start a regimen that includes this exact brand of Neem Seed Oil Supplement. It's a good supplement to use and seems to work so it may be worth it.
The shampoo is very good. The lid is a bit shaky as I'm sure other reviews probably state but the shampoo is very good. It gets right into your scalp and works so well on all that annoying dandruff. My scalp is very dry and upset with pretty much any type of weather all year round. Currently it's mad at the sun and the end of summer weather. I used this and after three uses if felt and looked quite a bit better. I still have dandruff but it's an ongoing battle and this shampoo is really helping in the fight!I would recommend giving this a shot if you are having some issues. It does help. The lid is not the best made and it can leak a little but it's still worth it. Just be careful with the lid.
I’d been using Burt’s Bees drops, saw these, and thought to try them.Bad idea.Bad taste.Bad texture.In addition – they’re far too pricey.Not something I’d get again or recommend.
This is just one of MANY at-home tests out there.I actually have experience with a similar test – my mom’s A1c test that is sent every few months. In fact, she got one just a few days before I posted this review.This works IDENTICAL to that one.Each has:✉️ Pre-paid mailer to send back💉 Lancets (at least 3)🧼 Alcohol Prep Pad🩸Card for blood droplets📃 Instructions☣️ Bio-Hazard bag for sample card🩹 Band-aid(s) for afterThe idea is simple – prep the card (with the sticker and fill out info), wash hands, prick fingers, droplets on card, wait until it dries, package it up, mail within a certain amount of time.As for the accuracy …My mom’s A1c was pretty accurate when done this way.This allergy test? I was a bit surprised by the results – no to nuts, which I thought I had an issue with. Turns out – maybe not. Goat cheese (feta) – no allergy there. STRONG reaction to goat’s milk. That’s interesting, but I wouldn’t doubt it.The cost? Under $150, probably comparable to a lab if you don’t have insurance.It is from a certified lab and the results are viewed by a physician. I wouldn’t use it to self-treat, but it isn’t bad to know what’s going on.
I didn’t expect much from these, and I didn’t get much. Thankfully, I didn’t get them as a bathshower substitute so I have to admit, that I was able to get SOME use from them.There was a point when my hot water heater went out that I was taking a bath with baby wipes. And, yes, I did manage clean my entire body. No issues there, though I don’t recommend it for everyone.New hot water was installed by the maintenance team where I live. So, that ended my makeshift bath option.Seeing these, and remembering that, I decided to snag them.🧼 They are thick, about 4x thicker than the baby wipes we like (Huggies natural care)🧼 They do have some suds🧼 They are easily discardedDo they clean?Well, I decided to test them on the dirtiest part of my body – MY FEET. I wear my flip-flops a lot, and since the shoes are black – you can well imagine how dirty my feet could get. Add in stepping outside for bit here or there or driving without shoes (which, yes it is legal) – my feet can get nasty fast.Which, in that case – PERFECT test for these wipes.My feet are a size 7 – I say that so you can gauge how big my feet are in relation to how well these worked.After getting them wet – not a lot of suds. Okay …I wet my feet first and scrubbed them with this pad. It isn’t scratchy, but it isn’t soft either. The dirt came off and I splash rinsed before drying my feet. One “towel” did both feet, but no suds were left after. I threw the towel away and was satisfied.It didn’t dry my feet out the way other soaps do – that was good.Would I trust ONE for my entire “larger” body – NO. Not at all. I would definitely need at least one for my back, one for the back of my legs, at least three for my front region, and perhaps one for my arms.Total: at least six (6) wipes. As there are only 30 in this pack – not a great value at all. I did better with cheaper baby wipes. In addition, I’m not sold on the “no-rinse” deal.These are not something I’d get again, and I honestly don’t recommend them.
The carpet in my town home is 13+ years old, so it has seen better days. It wasn’t even new when I moved in. And, the management doesn’t offer carpet cleaning anymore (the old one did). They also don’t replace the carpets either, unless you move out.So, naturally I want something to refresh.And, with all the bad things out there, trying to find a nice “good” refreshener is a chore.Seeing this, I thought – “why not” …And, I found out why not.The package is atrocious. The product, despite having a seal, sprinkled out. The seal wasn’t easy to remove, and more product flies out.Let’s talk about scent – if you have a problem with strong scents … STAY AWAY!!Since it is just my mother and I in the household, we have no small kids or pets – we sprinkled this on the carpet.It says to wait 15 minutes. Now, we only sprinkled a small area. But, after 5 minutes, we had to get rid of it. So, we vacuumed it up.THAT MADE IT WORSE! O-M-G!! It smelled like old tuna cans and peppermint! Gross.Effective? I cannot believe any germ would stay around with this. It did lighten the carpet, but I had to toss the rest of this due to the scent.It is definitely not worth the $9.99 it is currently listed as. It isn’t something I would get again or recommend.Now, I need to find out how to get the stench out!
Having eczema and psoriasis on my fingers, sometimes I have to protect them. And, using latex finger cots when I have a sensitivity to latex isn’t easy.Also, I tend to go through a lot of them. Some fingers they are too tight, others too loose.These seeming like the perfect idea – some kind of fabric, reusable (even washable), and easy to store.The problem is the fabric – it is MUCH too rough for my skin. They’re itchy, a bit tight at times, and not easy to use.I’m sure someone else would like this, for me it’s a hard pass.
Looking to get some “good for you” stuff added to my routine, I decided to get this.Now, for the price – I’m not exactly impressed. It does smell rank, but when I mixed it with milk, it tasted pretty good. Even my mother was impressed.I did feel a bit more energetic and it was easy to use.This isn’t something I would get again, but it wasn’t as bad as I thought for my first protein powder go around.
Thanks to the VINE program for a complimentary bottle. A positive review is not required and all thoughts are my own.At my mom’s last doctor’s appointment, they did a bone density scan and it was recommended she get vitamin D as well as calcium.As we don’t go out much due to the pandemic, I thought this was a pretty good way of meeting her needs.The small, easy-to-swallow, capsules are a BONUS. As she lives with me, she hasn’t complained of; nor have I seen any; side effects.Manufactured in the USA and gluten free. The GF is important as she is trying to reduce her gluten intake.Pretty fair price as well.
I very rarely wore sneakers or athletic shoes prior to the pandemic as no matter what brand I bought (Dr. Scholl’s; Etnies; Reebok; Skechers) they hurt my feet. I even tried gel inserts – nothing would help.I often, and with great success, wore flip flops. I wore them at theme parks, at a racetrack, running errands.But, I still craved the security of a sneaker.I decided to get these, and thought they’d work.The BIGGEST issue – no guidelines to cut the insert. And, for what they’re charging paying customers (I got a complimentary review product) – that is really unacceptable. Even the cheap Dr. Scholl’s have guidelines.As far as comfort? These inserts were a tad too stiff and rough. With my feet already having issues – I didn’t want to wait a good two weeks to see how well they worked. Then again, due to the pandemic – that two weeks might be months as I don’t go out. I mostly due curbside, drive-thru, or delivery for what I need.Given the mixed reviews – I don’t think I’d get these again and I would caution against anyone I personally know, purchasing them.
This is one of the RARE color sets that has base, matte top, and glossy top coats. The colors are pretty much “YGWYS” – you get what you see in other words.The base coat does have a HINT of pine scent to it, but the top coat doesn’t. Speaking of smell, these are low odor.Duration? Because my nails grow out so quickly,  I am changing my manicure every 7-10 days. So, I can say they last at least THAT long if done properly.You will need an LEDUV lamp to cure it.
As someone who does their own nails ... these are COARSE buffers for regular, gel, or acrylic nails.However, I really got them for my rough feet. I live in the desert and most of the time I wear flip-flops out. That results in rough, dry, scaly feet. Not even scrubs work. So, I choose a coarse grit buffer andor file.That does the job! These are also way easier to hold than a file. And, I get into most of the places.Pretty happy with them. Packaging could be better for storage though.
Finding alternate “straw” options can be overwhelming. Do you want disposable or reusable.In the disposable case, there are only a few choices. Paper is one of them.These are a bit less reliable than other paper straws I’ve used, and they cannot be used for a lengthy period of time weather in soda or tea.They might work temporarily, but they might need to be replaced if using for a lengthy amount of time.
This set is WONDERFUL!The back scrubber, the facial scrubber, the body brush, the sponge. My goodness! Each shower is a spa experience that is definitely relaxing.Definitely happy with this, would get it again.
I tend to go through back brushes pretty quickly, and I decided to look into a back scrubber like this.I had originally gotten it for my mom as I had gotten another set.She didn’t enjoy it as much as I did and prefers a brush or a chain sponge.For me? I liked it. The bristle side I use more often to scrubwash my back after shampooing and conditioning my hair.I have a pink one like this and they both work the same – and given my size, it is really easy to use.It also seems long lasting. So, I’m fairly happy with it!
While shaped like bears – these are vegan vitamin C gummies.They are a bit “harder” than some of the other supplements out there, but do work pretty good. There is definitely no after taste.If you’re healthy or have a few issues, you might not see much difference.I use them as a supplement to stay well and healthy which is crucial with the winter months coming up.
Sometimes we often need a fork and don’t want to have to wash one up.Weighing the disposable factor against the use of water and soap for ONE fork is sometimes stressful.These forks eliminate that. 100% compostable and disposable.These are more like the “salad” size fork, but could be for smaller kids who can’t yet manage a bigger fork.Durable and better for the environment.Pretty happy with these and I know they’ll last a long time in my house. In the event I need to get more – I’ll definitely get these!FYI: The bigger fork is from a different set. These are the forks on the right.
These are the higher end gloves that you might see at fast food places or in higher end hair color kits.They are really “tough” but also comfortable to use. I got them for food use at home because I got tired of scraping food out from under my nails and re-washing my hands countless times as a result.These make food prep and service easy, even though I am only serving myself and my mom.I also don’t have to worry about anything from my nails (despite washing countless times) from getting into the food.They’re pretty easy to slip on and off. They're not quite "true to size", but there is barely wiggle room.
Thank you in advance to the Amazon VINE program for providing an item to review. A positive review was not required, nor was it requested, and all words are my own.My mother and I suffer from chronic pain – knees, back, shoulder.Part of pain management is heat therapy. In some cases – moist heat.It is difficult to get a “moist” heating pad. And, it’s also difficult to get it to contour or FIT the difficult areas – knees, shoulder … ankle. Either you’re awkwardly sitting, laying, or balancing something.I’d been seeing and hearing about these “microwave” packs and took a chance on it.This was a dual pack so that meant one for my almost 70 year old mom (who lives with me) and one for me.First thing that struck me when I got the package – WHAT THE HECK DID I ORDER? It was HEAVY. I almost worried that perhaps I’d gotten something I couldn’t use.I took one, and gave one to my mother.She was the first to use it. She LOVED it! Only 120 seconds (2 minutes) in the microwave and it lasts for about 10 minutes. She can place it on her shoulder and it stays put. The moist heat does the trick in alleviating pain.A few days after she tried hers, my knee was in horrific pain. It was so bad I was dragging it around. So, I warmed mine up. And, as hers didn’t get that warm – I went three (3) minutes. I wrapped it around my knee with the Velcro, and …. WOW! It was HOT! I could barely tolerate it. So, this really gets hot. I’ve had regular heating pads on HIGH heat and barely felt it. This – I FELT IT!I didn’t have it on that long, but I can state – this gets warm! And, it stays warm.The Velcro closure is heavy duty and I felt like I might end up tearing the poor thing. The weight makes sure it stays in place.We love it and honestly, it might the last heating pad we ever get! Also – they’re HUGE!
I like form  of these, where i don't have to store big plastic bottle of detergent.  they are easy enough to use.for normal dirty clothese, these work fine.  The scent is not too strong, at least for my taste and my husbands.however, he worked in the yard putting up decorations and his clothes were a mix of sweat, dirt and i don't even know what.  I did use double dose and not all the dirt came out.  Most of it did, but there were still a few spots where i can see dirt spots.  My husband said it's ok becasue they are his work clothes but for me, i need my clothes clean, really clean.  the sweat smell came out nicely but i don't think this is strong enough for really tough, deep dirty clothes. We started using different things around the house to be eco friendly and this is a really nice way to add to that.  I did have to wash a few things again and i did use my normal detergent and it came out fine.
i've seen these on the home shopping channels and was always going to order for my husband, who drives a mini van and is ALWAYS complaining that the windshield is foggy.  The windshield is huge and it was always a big job to be able to twist around to get the windshield, especially at the very bottom.  This does the job.  it protects your knuckles too.  We tried it yesterday and it worked perfectly.  We still had to stretch but not contort ourselves to get the job done.  I used a bit of window cleaner and it really removed the haze effortlessly. It stays secure on your hand too. We haven't tried it on our stainless kitchen yet but that's next.  I think if the microfiber pad would be a tad bidder, it would work too.  it's just a nice product that makes the job of cleaning the windshield much easier.
these are nice and sturdy bags, with tie handles, which is important to me.i put them in our bedrooms, offices and bathrooms.  I also have on in our garage for our kitty litter scooping bag.they are strong.  after a week of scooping kitty litter 2 times a day, i just yanked that bag out of the can on trash day without even thinking about it and it didn't stretch or tear.  i was using another eco friendly bag for the kitty stuff and a few times it did tear.  these have no scent and fit perfectly in those smaller trash cans like bathroom, offices etc.  its a good and sturdy bag that works.
let me start off by saying, i'm from philly, home of the superbowl champs, the Eagles !  Dallas is not very welcome around here however, i do like to jab my husband every now and then.  I will be using these for tailgating.  We have season tickets so I will be taking these to a few games, just to freak people out.  I used one to hold some cut up watermelon and take it to work for a few coworkers.  it zipped and unzipped fine.  it didn't leak and didn't stretch.  When i unpacked it at lunch, there wasn't even a drip that came out of it.  for me, that's important.  i take fruit to work every day and also pack fruit for my whole family. i use smaller bags for them but i was treating some coworkers so i needed a large bag like this.  i used a bag to store some soft pretzels and put them in the freezer.  you really can't go wrong with ziploc.  the only thing different is the logo on the bag.  it's really a beautiful star, dallas cowboys star. if you are a dallas fan or know one, this would be a great gift for them.  what i like about ziploc bags is the zipper.  i have had others that the zipper gets stuck and i land up breaking it and the bag is useless.  i used 4 of these bags and the zipper was easy open, and easy close and strong.  i have broken zippers by tugging too hard also.  these are great bags.  this is my normal brand that i buy and have always bought, without the dallas star lol
This has a very nice cherry almond scent.  As soon as i opened the box, I instantly recognized the scent.  It didn't spill or anything and i'm not quite sure why the box smelled but it's nice.  I really like this brand.  This is not my first lotion from them.  This lotion absorbs instantly.  My one pet peeve is putting lotion on and having greasy hands.  I can't stand it and over the years have thrown out expensive lotions because of it.  This absorbs into my skin instantly.  I'm currently wearing a brace on my  knee and from all day wearing it, my skin is extremely dry when I take it off and I put this on and no more dry skin.  The pump is nice and works well.  If you put this on right after a shower, you will smell the cherry during the day especially if you sweat or get overheated.  I really like this scent and of course really like this lotion.  It reminds me very much of Aveeno.  For a long time, Aveeno was my lotion of choice.  It didn't make my hands greasy and absorbs and it is a nice product but this one is just like it and for less.  I really think this is a great lotion.  If you don't like greasy hands or skin and like Aveeno, try this one
I love this dryer, I'm not coordinated enough to use a brush and hair dryer at the same time. This makes styling and drying so much easier. It's also helpful to freshen up a look later in the day. It has 3 modes, cool, warm, hot. You can use this right out of the shower or use a blow dryer to partially dry and then use this blower brush.Great for a smooth look, have as much volume as you want.
This is a must have for anyone who gets migraines. Keep this in your freezer and use as soon as you start to get a headache. The cold plus the blocking out of the light helps so much, it will shorten or decrease the pain of your migraine.
I prefer whitening strips, it’s hard to get toothpaste placement according to the directions. I really don’t like holding the tray in my mouth for 30 minutes.
I wish I could give a zero star rating. These do nothing, they have so little scent that you have to put your nose right up to them. Nothing happens in the shower except it turns the water color before it goes down the drain. I have to throw these out as they have no other use.
I love the disposable eye steam masks, they are so great for dry eyes. I like having an electric version that I can use for much longer. Sometimes I use this over wet cotton flats for even better results. Same with under eye gel pads. The heat really helps the serums absorb. There are 4 heat levels and 4 time options, the longest is 30 minutes. Great to relax you for sleep or a amid afternoon break when your eyes are tired from the computer screen. The lavender part comes separately, you can  insert it if you want to use it.The heated part is inserted into the sleep mask or can be removed from the sleep mask. There is also a cold pack that can be inserted as well or it can be used as a regular sleep mask.
I wasn't sure what to think about this, but I saw an infomercial and had to give it a try. I've been wearing glasses for over 20 years and never thought about needing to stop my glasses from slipping off my nose because I usually buy well fitting glasses. However, after trying this I realize that I move my glasses back up my nose ALL THE TIME! With this Nerdwax, I was finding myself trying to move my glasses back up my nose, and realizing they were still in the same place. There is a slight smell of peppermint when you first put it on, but it is pleasant and it does not bother my skin or my nose with the scent. I forgot to put it on one day when I went into work, and I was actually disappointed in myself, which is I guess a good way to figure out that this product actually works, and I truly enjoy it. Great job!!
These are decent quality cleaning gloves that will fill all your basic household needs.  These gloves are of good durability for basic household tasks.  They are not heavy-duty, but they are well-constructed for tasks like doing dishes, and cleaning the kitchen and bathroom.  They are thick enough to protect your hands enough that you can use hot water for dishes or other cleaning.  Two different-colored pairs in a pack is great because you can easily designate one pair for kitchen and one for bathroom, and not worry about mixing up the two (or use one for toilet cleaning and one for sink and tub cleaning within the bathroom.)  These gloves are both useful and comfortable and I would not hesitate to buy again.
I'm a big fan of mint and a big fan of chocolate.  Many see Girl Scout Thin Mints as the apex of chocolate-mint cookiedom, but I was looking for something more.  I think I've found it in these York Peppermint Pattie cookies.  The cookies consist of a chocolate cookie, covered with mint creme and dipped in chocolate.  Here's what's so great about them.  First, these cookies are dipped in dark chocolate, which I, personally, prefer to milk chocolate.  Second, they have a nice layer of mint creme, which gives a nice texture compliment to the crunchy cookie.  Third, the mint creme is a true, strong peppermint- great for those who love their mint.  Overall, this is a great cookie.  I'd happily munch one anytime.
I am always looking for ways to curb my appetite so I thought I would give these a try. You are to take so many pills each day I think that is hard to remember to take them and with the smell it is hard to force yourself to do. but I was determined to give it a fair shake. I did take them for a week, and I did notice that it helped my appetite. I am not sure if that is because of what is in them, or because of the terrible smell, who wants to eat after you have smelled that? It did work though, so you have to give some stars for that. I defiantly noticed that i was going to the bathroom more often do the detox part worked as well. This is not something I could add or take for my regular routine, but if you are looking for a way to loose a few pounds, or a way to detox for  a week or so, this would work.
So I got them because of my knees.  I never had an injury or sugary or an operation or anything, just some joint pain. I liked the idea of all the ingredientssupplements it had in it.  But especially liked the herbs Ginger, Turmeric and Boswellia Serrate extract.  I have read many reports that say these natural compounds that can help to support a healthy inflammatory response. I am not sure what the other ingredients do like  chondroitin sulfate, glucosamine sulfate, and MSM. But I was not bothered by them either.  I do not know if taking this supplement will actually grow and strengthen my tendons as claimed, but I suppose to be fair it just says it "helps with".  I have a hard time remembering to take 3 pills a day, but to help feel better it is worth it.
I like the style of KF94 masks, they fit my face the best and are comfortable for me to wear all day, if necessary. These masks are made in China. They are individually wrapped in plastic bags, which I prefer. I keep backup masks in my car and bag, and this way I know the masks are clean until I need to use one.These masks have smaller ear loops than other KF94 masks I have used. For me, the smaller ear loops are good -- I have a petite face, and the small ear loops help me get a tight fit over my cheeks and chin. If you have a larger face, the small ear loops might not be a positive.The masks have the expected nose clip, but above the nose clip, the masks have a V-shaped cutout. In theory, the V-shaped cutout should help the top of the mask fit better against the sides of your nose, since it’s not a straight line like most masks. But for me, the sides of the cutout stand away from my nose, so they’re right at the bottom of my view. And I worry they are a spot for air to slide in and out of the mask, since they aren’t tight against my face.
I have the Galaxy-D color option, which includes 2 adult size masks and 4 PM2.5 filters. The Galaxy-D color is a blue, green, and teal nebula.The masks have adjustable ear loops but no bendy nose pieces. However, the cut of the masks does keep them in place over my nose without the need for the nose wire. The masks also go under my chin.They pass the candle test. The masks have three layers of fabric even without a filter in place: the outer layer with the nebula print, a white lining, and the filter pocket. The filter pocket is open on both sides.At the longest point, the masks are about 10-10.5 inches. The widest point, from nose to chin, is about 5-5.5 inches. I took these measurements after washing the masks in warm water and line drying.The masks are quite large on my face. I usually wear smaller masks. The sides on these go nearly to my ears, and I have the ear loops adjusted to be as small as they can go.The masks are made in China.
I always end up with streaks when I clean my windshield, no matter how many times I do it or how careful I am. Same with the television screen, or the stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. Streak city.I like the design of the inShield Wiper. The two elastic straps hold it tight against my palm or the back of my hand. The white plastic board, between the black foam and the microfiber sponge, holds the sponge firm while cleaning various surfaces.The microfiber sponge itself is thick and looks well-constructed. According to the instructions, the sponge is machine washable.The wiper works pretty well on windshields, removing streaks. It’s certainly a lot easier to get the awkward spot right by the dashboard (works best to take it off your hand and hold an edge for that area).The instructions say to use DRY, but I had the best results using glass cleaner on the windows. Same with cleaning my television screen and stainless steel appliances -- using glass cleaner worked much better than using the sponge dry.
I spend a lot of time working at my desk, so I’m always looking for ways to add comfort to my day. I have a shiatsu chair massager, but it’s not something I can leave in my chair for the whole day, I have to set it up when I want to use it and move it when I’m done.I can leave this back massager pillow from FAPO on my office chair all the time, which is one big plus for me. The massager has a velcro strap on the back, so that it can be put around a headrest. But the strap is a little short for some office chairs. I have a gaming chair and the strap is too short to fasten if I want to put the pillow at the base or middle of the chair. So if you have a chair with a wide back, the strap might not reach.The back massage pillow has a heat option. I personally wish the pillow got hotter. I can barely feel the heat through a shirt. Higher heat, or even heat levels, would help relax my muscles more.Otherwise, I like this massager pillow a lot. I like that I can leave it on my chair and plug it in whenever I need to work tension out of my neck, shoulders, and back. There are three levels of kneading power, and the flap on top can be removed or left in place. If left on, it dulls the massage power just a bit.
This set of 12 bath bombs from MCleanPin is made in China. The back of the box lists the ingredients: sodium sulfate, tartaric acid, deep sea mud, citric acid, sorbitol, mineral oil, plant essence.The bath bombs aren’t labeled with their scents. I wish they were, because I don’t want to look up the product photos every time I want to use one. Some of the colors match, like the white bath bomb for Milk, but I could also see that one being Vanilla (Vanilla is actually blue and purple).Performance wise, I was quite impressed with the fizziness of the bath bombs. They fizzed and floated around the tub for more than 5 minutes! I didn’t expect that, since the bath bombs are on the smaller side.I tried the Cananga bath bomb first, because it’s blue, and I figured that would be the most likely color to stain me or the tub. The bath bomb turned the water a vibrant blue, with a few little specks of gold glitter. Happily, there was no blue residue left on my skin or the tub afterwards. There was a slight gritty feeling in the water as the bath bomb did its thing, but once it was done fizzing, I didn’t notice that any longer.The bath bomb had no fragrance. The whole box of 12 has a slight scent, but on their own, I couldn’t smell anything. I didn’t pick up orange from the Orange bath bomb, or rose from the Rose bath bomb.
I wish the labels for the Scented Candle Bath Bombs included the fragrance(s), rather than just “Lucky You” or “Princess” or “To Life!” Since the bath bombs are described as “aromatherapy candles and bath bombs,” the scent is clearly a big part of Purelis’s intentions.But I couldn’t make out any of the scents. I tried “Passion,” since I figured if any color would stain me or the tub, it would be the deep green bath bomb. Did the scent evoke passion for me? Nope. I have no idea what it was supposed to smell like. It didn’t smell bad, but my nose was clueless.The bath bomb didn’t fizz at all. It floated around the tub and slowly dissolved.The “Passion” bath bomb did color the water a deep green color that did not stain at all, so that’s a plus.
These Metatarsal Pads by RelaxTony are very thin. For me, they didn’t provide any significant padding.I found it impossible to put on socks when I had the pads on. The pads rolled up before I could even get a sock halfway on my foot.So I thought I’d try wearing the pads barefoot, for times when I’m cleaning the house and could use even a little bit of cushioning. But the pads are made from the sort of rubbery material that picks up *everything.*Lastly, the pads are flimsy. The section that holds them around the toes thins out when the pads are on; I can tell it won’t last long. One step the wrong way, or pulling too hard trying to put on socks and the plastic will rip.
What can I say that hasn’t already been said about a box of tissues? Well, the value for this pack of 10 cubes is amazing. Great for stocking up.When I’m sick and my nose is redder than Rudolph’s, I really do notice a difference between Puffs and other tissues. Puffs are much softer against a sore nose.I always thought the lotion was a gimmick until I tried a generic tissue and a Puffs. Yeah, there was a big difference, and you can bet I’ll be keeping a closet full of Puffs.
Hubby has this in the oatmeal cookie flavor and prefers it. However, this one wasn't bad, blended well for a vegan protein powder, and the nutrition on it is excellent.
This smells amazing. Blends well. All around surprisingly nice for a vegan protein powder. It has risen to the upper ranks of hubbies favorite protein powders.
I like the neutral colors, they are a bit smaller than others I have purchased. Okay for the price though.
This is a nice set for a kiddo. I say that because it smelled sweet and fruity more than flowers and wow did it color the water. LIKE ALOT.Great skin softening too.
This is my new favorite bathroom Pre-spray. And I have tried a bunch. I use to love "unicorn gold" but they have discontinued it and the replacement brand Pootanicals from the same company are terrible. They clog and don't spray. HOWEVER this line from Oopee is amazing.Sprays without getting clogged, smells great, covers the "business" , and is reasonably priced. My only beef is that so far of the two I've tried neither smells anything close to their name.Pear smelled like powdery old lady perfume, bleck.Seasalt smells like a faintly fruity soft floral that is just lovely, but not anything remotely close to salty.Of the two I've tried, Id say avoid Pear and I give an enthusiastic thumbs up to Seasalt.
This smells nothing like pear, not even sort of vaguely fruity. What is smells like is an overly powdery old lady perfume. It sort of covered bathroom smells but not as well as other brands I have tried.That said this same company makes another scent called "seasalt" that oddly enough smells nothing like saltwater but is a softer fruitier smell that works extremely well. So while I cannot recommend "pear" I do think the brand does make some versions that in fact do a spectacular job.
The container is so pretty and the small footprints make them perfect for my desk. However they are not soft at all and while they are three ply those plies don't really stick together. The also have a faint odor. I will use them but they are not the quality they should be for the price.5 stars for the packaging, but a generous 3 stars for the actual blowing your nose experience.
Hands down hubby's new favorite protein powder. He has been on the search ever since having to go off whey protein for something that didn't taste horrible. Vegan protein powders can be pretty rough taste and texture wise but he really liked this one. It dissolved well and the only downside would be the price.
These are delicious, to the point that its hard to just suck on them and not eat the bag. They didn't do much for my throat, but they were tasty enough to take my mind off it. They are overpriced though, not worth a 50 cents a lozenge.
I opened the bag and was like "oh geez what have I gotten myself into". Rather than a pretty purple powder its a darkish purple tinted brown, not at all appetizing to look at. Since I'm lazy, I tossed 12 tsp onto my Greek yogurt with some blueberries. Took a bite and was pleasantly surprised. It tastes almost like mild raisins. Slightly sweet but not too much, just enough to take away some of the tartness of the greek yogurt. I like the protein and probiotics found in Greek yogurt but I don't enjoy the tart. I put fruit in, but I really don't want to crank up the sugar and carbs. This stuff added less than 1 carb and 0 grams of sugar, but took the edge off the tart. I will be adding it to my morning yogurt from now on.
I know it shouldn’t matter but I really like the pink, rosy color of this automatic hair curler. It’s easy to use and works really well. I like that it gets super hot, up to 430°F, because that’s what I need to get the curl to stay. It gave me bouncy spiral curls and doesn’t tangle. It comes with a pair of clips. Pretty good a little hair tool.
Taking Trim Probiotic for Women has definitely made me feel better overall. I've taken probiotics for quite a while now and I always look for ones with a high CFU. 25 billion is a great number. I don't think they've made me any trimmer, but I think I've had less bloating overall. The serving size is one pill per day. Easy peasy. $50 for a month's supply isn't the most affordable, in my opinion, but I do think this is a good product.
I was really looking forward to this biotin and collagen liquid supplement. However something is wrong with the bottle I received. I noticed a thick clumpy white film in the syringe but regardless I went ahead and tried a dose. It was so disgusting; it tasted like sour milk and made me want to vomit. I’m not sure what happened but something was definitely bad with this batch.
When I pulled this out of the box I initially was caught off guard by how old school and basic this hair dryer looks. But when I used it, it completely changed my opinion. This hairdryer blows… but in a good way. It dried my hair really fast, way faster than my old hairdryer. It’s wind-tunnel-level airflow and the high heat setting is super hot. Maybe even too hot sometimes. It’s also lightweight and easy to handle. I hope this lasts for a long time.
When I was growing up my mother was always trying to sneak healthy ingredients into our food without us knowing. Spirulina powder is a much more subtle way of doing just that. Mixing it in with acidic sauces or dressings completely mask the flavor. I add it to spaghetti and lasagna and no one suspects a thing. Great way to sneak in some iron and protein!
I've been using this primarily on the PC, and today I had to use it nearly the entire day. I have to say, they are among the very few comfortable enough for that. The sound quality is spectacular. I had one important phone call where the person on the other end was on a bluetooth headset and the pickup wasn't very good, but I was able to understand him because the headphones were able to block out noise on this side.
Issue #1.  I couldn't hold it down.  It was nauseating. Not bad taste, just made me feel sick.Issue #2.  There is no scoop.  Pro tip: it calls for 29 grams. A tablespoon is 15 grams.  Two tablespoons is close enough.Issue #3.  The safety seal was open.  If it came from anyone other than Amazon, it would have gone straight to the garbage.Issue #4.  It clumps and does not dissolve well at all.It tastes good.  That's about it.Basic nutritional information (and I'm going to run a side-by-side with Muscle Milk  and Muscle Milk Light for comparison):115 calories (MM 170; Light 90)2 g fat (MM 9; Light 2.5)1 g saturated fat (MM 2; Light 0.5)45 mg cholesterol (MM 10; Light 5)4 g carbs (MM 8; Light 4)21 g protein (MM 18; Light 14)15% at 140 mg calcium (8 Light 15%)8% at 290 mg potassium (21%; Light 2%)Allergy warnings:MilkSoy (though not soy protein)EggWheatTree Nuts
I ended up not not being able to take this.  Myo-Inositol is great for Hashimotos.  I have elevated TPO antibodies and elevated TSH.  But I missed the addition of D-Chiro which *IS* great for PCOS.  But the D-Chiro portion lowers cortisol and my cortisol is actually already on the low side.  One needs well functioning adrenals to help with the Hashimotos so it is a catch 22.As a side note ... Cordyceps is supposed to lower TPO antibodies by 45% if that is something you need.So while these capsules are easy to take and did not upset my gut, I could not continue taking them.
Got these for my granddaughter.  She is breastfed but I understand the importance of a good gut biome, especially at an early age.  My daughter was having issues with yeast overgrowth with my granddaughter.  Their doctor recommended good probiotics.  Bio Gaia is a REALLY good one too.There are some great studies that show a more robust gut biome in naturally birthed & breastfed babies, but even that can wane with all the toxins, anti bacterial products we use, and prolific use of antibiotics.  I, personally, understand this.  I am a 70s child, the product of a C-section and was formula fed.  You can say, babies grow up just the same, but they don't. You can never get back or recreate all those bacterial species passed from momma to baby.  I had a number of "auto-immunes" at an early age & they continued with me until my 40s (plus some additional ones) ... it wasn't until I took things like grains and sugars out and started correcting my gut biome that I really reversed and "cured" lifelong ailments.Anyway ... my point is .... if circumstance has led you to C-section or formula feed, because stuff happens, life is not perfect or fair, consider really trying to build babies gut biome back up.  You may not notice it now, but they will thank you decades from now.
Was having good success with Bulletproof Stress Gummies, but they contained "malitol" so I started looking for a viable substitute.  THIS brand seemed pretty close.  Same "Sensoril Ashwagandha" just more, same l-theanine, a little more B6, plus the addition of GABA and magnesium.I find this blend helps with anxiety that started for me with peri-menopause.  The kind of irrational anxiety that you KNOW is just anxiety ... the sudden dwelling on all things bad & stressful, the sense of impending doom ... THIS blend helps a LOT with that.  I also find it useful as my brains leans toward overstimulation ... I probably would have been labeled "autistic" as a 70s child had it been a thing.  My brain does not shift gears well.  It is not good at surprises.  Although I cope and try to be rational when hubs asks me to do something suddenly, my brain just won't let me sometimes.  I call it my "gears jamming" ... THIS supplement helps that.  It backs my brain down of the ledge and makes me think reasonably again.Overall ... super pleased with these.  They are just what I was looking for.
Super big bottles and ample amount for the price.  I was already familiar with this brand and have trusted it.  Easy to swallow.  No fishy aftertaste or "burps".  Really, no complaints or regrets.
Still not my favorite lab.  Although they seemed to fix the shipping label issues from the past.Company asks too many personal questions on their website compared to other like companies.  I end up answering NA to many of the questions.test taken 31722test picked up by USPS TX 31722delivered WA 31922checked into lab 32122 (email was rcvd stating results "should be completed today" - they were not)results ready 32522Punchers were shallow compared to Everlywell punchers.  Took me 3 times on 3 different fingers to get enough blood to complete the test and I have never had that happen before.Test showed no allergies to anything.  Which was odd because my whole life I have been allergic to *tuna*.  So either I fixed my gut biome to where I no longer have the allergy, slightly possible because I have been working on intestinal permeability issues.  OR ... the test is not accurate.I think in this case I still prefer Everlywell as a lab.  I trust them more.
Fits well on my average sized female head.  I keep it in the freezer for use whenever I need.  I was almost scared to use it for fear it would be too tight but it is not too too tight and the compression feels good.I recently had an 18 hour migraine triggered by sleeping wrong on an old neck injury.  The type of pulsating headache that no amount of changing positions in the bed would relieve the pain.  Light and sound were unbearable.  I cannot take any meds for my migraines so I use a variety of supplements, showers, ice, heat, etc to try and bring comfort. A nice tool in my migraine arsenal toolbox.  I rotate it out with other things and it helps take the edge off.  With this last "spell" this compression cap was just the ticket.  It allowed the pain to numb just a hair and I fell into a much needed mini nap.  That was the beginning of the end of the this particular migraine.No complaints or regrets.
Good & trusted brand.  No flavor.  Easy to consume straight or mix in water or coffee.  No magic results of course, but good for cells and especially intestinal permeability issues.  I tend to have issues holding on to trace minerals and these acids are unlike others found in other formulas.  The two together are supposed to be excellent for healing inflammatory disorders.  No complaints or regrets here.
I chose these for their touted "cholesterol lowering" properties.  I am aware that eating cholesterol does not cause cholesterol.  I am aware that eating saturated fat does not cause cholesterol.  I know that inflammation causes cholesterol and any other school of thought is like blaming the bandaid for what the boxcutter did.That said ... because I have a mast cell disorder my body seems to rebel on me and causes high cholesterol.  The first time is was 363 high and I lowered it to 217 by eliminating dairy only.  This was on the recommendation of a nutritionist. We were already on a clean keto ... so no added sugars or grains or other inflammatory foods.  In MY body however, even though I am not allergic to dairy, or intolerant, or 'sensitive" on tests, my body doesn't like it.So ... I again popped a 288 cholesterol 3 weeks ago.  LDL was high and everything else good.  I told my doc I could lower it with dietary changes.  He said sure why not.  So ... about 3 weeks ago I cut out all dairy except butter & heavy cream (which are mostly fat), and added in Citrus Bergamot.  I checked my cholesterol last week and I was 204, which to me is great and I am happy with that.  But I have continued taking this supplement and keeping dairy out (because my pain had gone way down and my energy way up)  I also ended up taking almonds out too because they were making my lip swell and throat sore (again mast cell disorder).  I took my cholesterol today and it was 114.  Is it a fluke?  An outlier?  No idea.  I will get it tested at a lab in a few weeks and I will update my review.But I will say, this supplement seems to makes a difference, coupled with a proper diet low in inflammatory sugars and things that spike insulin and I believe this is a winner.  I would recommend it.
I chose this because it is a DK combo and encapsulated in fat. Here is why ==>  K helps you absorb the D and both D & K are fat soluble vitamins.  For about a year now we have been using DK combos in our bulletproof coffee in the morning. (more fat for absorption)  Both my husband and I have had our D checked and we are both slightly over 100.  With the present climate, one wants to be over 75.  If one has an auto-immune, one wants to be as close to 100 without going over.  When I first started last year I was tested at 41.  Which is normal, but not high enough for certain things.  That was considering, I already took a standard D supplement and we were very much outdoorsy people.  Most people just do not not realize they are deficient.So ... all that said ... I appreciate this product.  We still use it in our coffee.  It seems to work well and keeps out levels where we need.  We have gotten our D checked about every 6 months.  No regrets here.
Yeah, I know.  Strange thing to purchase and talk about.  Here's the scoop ... we are owner operators and so we own our own trucking company.  Every once in a blue moon, I go with hubs in his truck.  I also have a baby bladder.  I inevitable have to urinate when I should be sleeping at night.  Who wants to get out of the truck and go into a truck stop or otherwise in the middle of the night.  Don't want to have to wake hubs to take me.  Also ... the current health situation in our country ... who wants to use public restrooms?This one is cumbersome. It ends up leaking. Too much tubing. The gasket thingie falls off. I don’t loke this at all
Have bounced around a decent amount of collagen powders and we have our favorites.  THIS one just does NOT have a good rich flavor. It is kind of bitter actually.Our favorite in the chocolate category is: "KetoLogic Grass-fed Keto Collagen Powder" ... that one is like drinking hot chocolate.  THIS one is just bleh.  My husband said it was just "alright" ... so edible but nothing special.  Was so jazzed to try another chocolate collagen powder sweetened with monkfruit.  We have been on a clean keto for 2.5 years and love collagen powder in our coffee.  THIS powder, I would not repurchase.  We will go back to Ketologic when we want a chocolatey kick.
 ★ free product given for evaluation & review ★This is a nice 4 ounce amber glass bottle of pure Moroccan rosewater.  The amber glass bottle keeps the contents from going rancid as quickly.  Rosewater is excellent for toning and refreshing the face as well as, for me, various household projects such as soaps and such.A few reasons I took this review from a five to a four.  The smell.  Compared to another USDA Organic Rosewater I have, the other brand is more light and refreshing.  Smell for smell, I like the other one better.  On the skin, this spray actually feels a little heavy.  It makes me skin super soft, which is great, but it leads me to believe these is oil in it somehow, but what do I know?  My other rosewater, as well as rosewaters in the past, have been light, like water, and delicate in consistency.This seems to be a nice brand and I truly enjoy using it, but when compared to a like product which I LOVE, this one falls slightly behind it.
This was an unexpected little surprise.  I will admit upfront, I *purchased this free to review* it.I do not end up purchasing everything I am offered, I do not believe in purchasing things, or taking things I will not use.  This, however, was intriguing to me.  I have long hair that is past my waist and I already use hair straighteners and curling wands.  I am 43 and with long hair, one must be careful to not fall into the category of having old lady hair that should not be long.  I love my hair and love good hair styling products and hair products in general.The brush registers in Celsius, but the instructions tell you what settings to use, so, getting past the learning curve, it is easy.  The thing can get HOT!  And I would not just set it on the counter.  The back of it gets very hot, even when it is cooling down.A CON is where the buttons are located.  When I am using it, I keep turning it, either, off, or hotter or cooler.  The buttons are in a very, very, bad spot.I have used this on slightly damp hair and dry hair and I say it works best on slightly damp hair.  Small sections also work the best.I have not had any problems with melting plastic or anything.  No weird smells.  No hair burning.Does it make my hair straighter?  Actually ... yes!  And softer too.  That was the pleasantly surprised part.  Do I like this better than my name brand hair straightener?  I don't know.  I think I like them both differently.  I think this straightener is faster.  I think my name brand straightener makes for smoother hair.  I guess I am also afraid of damaging my hair and since this is made out of country, I do not know much about the ceramics used and so I am very conservative and cautious when I use this.I have attached a picture of before and after use.  This was damp, just showered hair.Overall, a good purchase.  I plan on using it often.
You would think every pain relief cream is the same.  I guess that is what I thought, but I was wrong.  In the beginning, I would use BenGay.  You can get it at every store and it works.  I like the smell of pain relief creams.  The mentholy smell actually is relaxing in itself for me.  BenGay works for us.  But then, at the chiropractor, I started using BioFreeze.  I guess I should back up a little:My husband has scoliosis, so his back always hurts.  Personally, I have a neck injury (including a spur), a mid back injury from a car wreck, so I have a lot of scar tissue under my shoulder blades.  I have also just been diagnosed with arthritis in my foot.  I probably have it in my knees and elsewhere, going to a rhuemy in a few weeks.  Anyway...I guess what I am trying to say, we have pain.  We are both pretty active, don't like to take a lot of meds, but like most, do not like pain.  Who does?So, Biofreeze, I like BioFreeze, you can get it in a big pump bottle.  It is more of a gel and spreads okay, it just seems like I have to use a lot.  IcyHot, I had to buy that, we were running out of BioFreeze and the store didn't have BenGay.  IcyHot is 'okay'.  It is hard to spread and it seems like you have to use a lot of product.Now RELIEFOR.  I honestly like it.  I had a chance to try it for a discount in exchange for an honest review.  I am glad I did.  I like the consistency.  It is not a lotion, not a gel.  It is a light blue liquid cream and spreads so nicely.  I used it on my husband's back and it it spreads around so easy.  He said it didn't feel as 'hot&#34; as others he has tried, but I had also just given him an alcoholic beverage and he was feeling pretty relaxed.  --- Me...I tried it on my neck and shoulder, knee, and foot.  I like it.  It brought relief.  It brought warmth.  It was easy to put on and absorbed well and is non greasy.I would like to look and see if they carry bigger sizes.  I would buy this again.  It is probably my favorite out of all the creams I have tried.  Really!  So, I recommend trying it and seeing for yourself.
 I heard about these a few years ago, how great they are for your teeth. Well, after finally trying them I must say that they did not disappoint. First of all with these, each one is individually wrapped and they look very sanitary. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all peeling off the outer bark and chewing on the stick. It does have a flavor which is sort of indescribable, but bits can come off in your mouth and they are much like shredded coconut. Anyway, after softening and chewing the tip in your mouth by gently chewing on it, the fibers fan out to form a brush. While the stick is long, it's impossible to get the inside of your teeth, but as you use it up it's easier to get your hand in there.So, I wouldn't use these as a replacement for my toothbrush, but they are a wonderful accompaniment. My teeth feel great after using it. It brushes all the plaque away and leaves you feeling super clean but without any mint. Each stick lasts quite a while because you only use half an inch each time, and then use a scissors to snip off the used part so that it remains sanitary.If you've never tried these, all I can say is that my experience was pretty good and I would definitely recommend them. I hope this review and the video has helped you to decide if you'd like to invest in these.
I've noticed that very few lemon essential oils capture that fresh lemon fragrance. Too often they smell like bathroom disinfectant. So now, orange is usually my citrus of choice when it comes to essential oils.Move over orange, this grapefruit is sparkling and spectacular.You would swear that you are peeling a delicious grapefruit when you are defusing this organic oil.Clean citrus fragrance that is 100% true to the fruit peel.Cold pressed, you won't find even a hint of a solvent aroma with this high quality oil.Highly recommended.
This is a nice little pill box at a reasonable price. Much nicer than the translucent plastic ones that are so common. Even so, I definitely wouldn't call this an upscale product.  Not sure how long it's going to last, especially since it bounces around in my purse. Right now, it stays closed.  I would suggest keeping it in a makeup bag so that it doesn't got a lot of hard wear.  Three compartments that can keep medications or supplements separate.  Very cute.
Does this product actually help? Yes, I believe it does. How much of it is the placebo effect? I don't know the answer to that question, all I can tell you is that I did feel some of the benefit that this product claimed.It's not a huge investment, and I'm of the opinion that when it comes to things like this, they can't hurt and could very well help. Keep in mind that every person's body is different.Wishing you the best of luck on your health journey.
After trying another brand that was just off enough to not fit my OCedar spin mop, I was really hoping I wouldn't have a problem with these.Fortunately they fit and are a pretty good substitute as a generic form for your spin mop.You have to press down really hard in order to get them to stay, but they are a much more inexpensive option.
Although taste is subjective, I found these to be sweet and tasty, not too vinegary. When you first open the bottle it smells stronger than it tastes.If you don't like diluting a teaspoon of vinegar in water and drinking it, these are a nice option.This company has been around a long time and has a wonderful reputation, so I feel confident taking their supplements.
These heads were just a fraction off for my O Cedar spin mop. Difficult to get on.
I ordered this tourniquet to bring with me in my bag when I hike with my dogs.  Any of us could get an injury requiring a tourniquet.  It is a very handy thing to have with you.  This one is similar to the other tourniquets I have purchased. It is easy to use and light to carry.
This provides a subtle, as in VERY subtle, difference.I can't say that it was enough to justify the price, but everyone is different in that area. In addition, everyone's body is different, and yours may respond better than mine.I definitely believe in the theory behind it. But I'm the sort of person that can't wear certain watches because they stop, or I touch light switches and get a little shock, even when there is no activity that would cause it such as walking on a carpet creating static electricity.So do give it a try, this is one of those items that can't hurt and might help. My hope is that it helps you more than it's helped me. Best of luck to you.
This oil has the classic sandalwood fragrance. Kind of woody, with a powder and incense base note.It seems to be one of those things that you really like it or you don't.It's a wonderful addition to homemade soaps, especially for gentlemen.
I confess that I'm a sucker for any kind of skin or beauty gadget.The hook with this one, of course, is the water cycle.Is it better than the other type? I found to be slightly more effective but it wasn't anything earth shattering. And just like with the other type, be careful because the suction can be quite powerful.
While this product might not be for everyone, for my situation, it's fabulous.I have to watch every drop of water I use. Each of these generously sized mitts is in its own individual pouch. As opposed to the more common dry mitts or cleansing towels that you add water to, these are presaturated with a soapy smelling solution that cleans every inch of your body.A quick rinse, and you're done. With almost no water usage.This would be great for campers as well.
I was really looking forward to trying this product, after having a good response introducing aloe vera products into my body. The help it's given to my digestive system has been really good.Per serving, this has 50 mg of inner leaf aloe vera powder extract. It also contains vitamins C and E. L-glutamine, alkalizing, silica, blueberry, and a host of other nourishing ingredients rounded it out.I wish that the blueberry powder were organic, but that doesn't diminish its health enough to wear I would give it a lower rating.The sweetness comes from stevia.Australian owned and operated, and who doesn't love our Aussie neighbors?!
This radiates a red light, and seems to relieve some discomfort. It's easy to use, just make sure to protect your eyes, the same way you would in a tanning bed.
This line is perfect if you have sensitive or irritated skin. It doesn't contain anything that bothers me, and I feel it helps calm down rosacea flare ups.This well-known and upscale Korean company puts out some amazing products. I've been using this with a moisturizer, and the two of them help to maintain as well as repair my 60-year-old thinning skin.
I feel that taking these towards evening helps me to sleep better. It takes the edge off some of those racing thoughts that happened to many of us at night. Along with melatonin, this product is helping get some Z's.
As a baby boomer, this is a supplement often suggested to my age group.Since taking it, I can't say I'm noticing any big difference, but it's recommended by so many reputable sources that it's now in my regular regime.I also learned that it's best to take in the morning when you first wake up.This one is a decent value and from a reputable company.
With three dogs, we get our share of little accidents, and sometimes not so little accidents.This spray works very well on pet odors, including urine. It's very easy to use thanks to the spray bottle that directs the product just where you want it.I've used it on a variety of surfaces. It cleans just about everything, but really shines when it comes to my fur babies. One of them is pad trained but sometimes misses the pad. This cleans it up quickly and effectively.It has an orange fragrance that's actually quite pleasant.
I love my dogs. However, one of them had a habit of ripping out the insoles of my shoes when he was a puppy.These insoles are nice and soft and are certainly an upgrade from the insoles that were torn up. There's just enough cushioning, they aren't going to crowd or cramp your feet. On days when you aren't wearing socks, they feel so comfortable against your bare skin.A little bit of luxury for your feet.
I used to put a warm washcloth on my face prior to doing extractions. It's messy and inconvenient, and the cloth is only at the right temperature for a short time.I like this unit because it delivers the steam that helps open the pore prior to extraction. And if that wasn't enough, it even includes some extraction tools.So far so good.
This product smells wonderful. Oddly, as you can see, the label claims it to be unscented, and the listing claims it to be scented. I believe it might be mislabeled, but it doesn't matter because this product is very good. You spritz it on to the stain and work it into the fabric. After letting it sit for a couple of minutes, run water through the fabric or blot with a wet cloth.I found that with most stains I had to do that twice, but on the good side it's clear that this is safe for a lot of hand washables, as long as you are gentle and don't rub the stain too hard.I've had those big commercial brands of stain removers make things worse by fading the area that you spray them in. That was not the case with this product. It might not be as effective, but it's not going to damage your clothes. If you have something delicate andor your clothes are a huge investment, invest in this product as well.Another plus is that the 2 oz spray is good for travel.So, this might be a product that you need, or another one might be best for you. Hopefully this review has helped you to decide.
Generously sized and lint free, these are perfect for so many cleaning applications. They keep our 3-D printers spotless.Good for electronics and glass.
Taste is subjective, but I happen to like the flavor of this.It's berry but earthy.Chock full of superfoods, it's nice swirled in strawberry yogurt.Especially if you have a hard time getting all your fruits and vegetables, this is a healthy  boost.
I normally get another brand of moringa powder, so I'm comparing it to that.And in comparison, the only difference is that this one is a slightly better price.Both are a fine powder, with a slightly vegetable type of scent and flavor.If you use a small amount, it can be mixed in just about anything. But the more you use the more pronounced the flavor is going to be, and it's definitely vegetable, not fruity or herbal.You can bake with it, put it in the smoothie, or put it in a salad dressing. It's a good way to bump up your super veggies.
Collagen is a part of my daily routine, usually in coffee, since coffee is part of my daily routine.Each packet has 35 calories and 9 g of protein, all from cow collagen peptides.Unflavored, so nothing to interfere or overly sweeten.Pricier than similar collagens, and the serving size is larger than some others as well.Still, these are convenient packets for on the go. The packets are thoughtfully designed, very easy to open. No scissors needed.
This broth is not going to be salty or flavorful enough for most people.Mixing a scoop into any big bowl of soup, however, adds a boost of healthy benefits.An added plus is that many ingredients are organic, such as the spices and flavor.Making my own bone broth is a process that takes forever. And every minute of that process means that my dogs are whining because they know something good is cooking! It's easier on everyone, when you can just take a scoop and mix it into hot water or soup.I'm in my sixties, and always get comments on how youthful my skin looks for my age. Part of it is the serums and moisturizers, but a big part of it is taking collagen. Prior to using this, I used the Amy Myers MD chicken broth. I'm more than satisfied with the quality and effectiveness of both.
I like adding a photograph to most my reviews.That definitely won't be the case with this one!Why?Ummm, because this is one skin care gadget that actually works. And it's pretty gross! It does what it says. It vacuums out your pores. And yes, it collects, and it's pretty disgusting to see on the clear plastic heads.But a clean pore, while not actually smaller, LOOKS smaller, so this is a worthwhile little device.Keep in mind this isn't going to work on regular acne. It's for soft clogged pores, like most people have on their nose and the crease on each side of your nose.
This is a perfect little set to become familiar with this ethical and organic brand.It's even made in small batches, in order to ensure that you get a fresh product that hasn't been sitting around in some warehouse forever.The toner is refreshing, and preps your skin for the vitamin C serum. Both have a pleasing fragrance, especially the serum which is citrusy.Wonderful natural ingredients like berries and aloe vera.Afterwards, skin feels clean and not bogged down by chemicals. It even helped calm down a rosacea flare up.Skin care you can feel good about, in every way.
Right off the bat, when tasting this, I was rejoicing that it wasn't too sweet. Many products of this nature have stevia or monk fruit, which not only have an aftertaste, but they use so much that the sweetness is cloying.Not only is this product not super sweet, but it has just a little sweetness that occurs naturally from the organic berry powders.And speaking of berries, what a powerhouse! In addition to beets and chaga mushrooms, you have the superfruit goji, maqui, and acai.Since berries are on the hot list of being highly contaminated with pesticides, this is a product you can feel great about because all but the collagen peptides are organic.I love that I can just sprinkle it into my yogurt or oatmeal, as well as mixing it with a liquid. It tastes slightly sweet, slightly earthy. It gives a nice flavor to unsweetened yogurt especially if it's sprinkled with nuts. Perfect healthy breakfast.And only 25 calories for a tablespoon!The formulation is geared for beauty, and by now we all know the benefit of collagen when it comes to skin. But this is so much more than just skin loving, I feel that it's an all-around health tonic.Definitely will be getting more when this canister is done.Update: So, I think I have found a breakfast nirvana. English muffin with cherry preserves, and  this powder sprinkled on top. So darn good I go to sleep happy, knowing I'm going to have this fantastic breakfast in the morning!As another update, since taking this regularly, I feel that I have more energy and my mood is elevated. Now granted that could be a coincidence, but I can tell you I'm going to keep taking it.
Unlike the plastic tubs, this canister looks good on the counter. Yes, that matters to me. Of course, what matters most is what's inside.In addition to type 1 and 3 collagen, there is whey and instant whole milk powder, which helps boost the protein to a nice 20 g.The chocolate tastes high quality, but then it's ruined by too much monk fruit extract as a sweetener. At least for me. I know a lot of people will appreciate the sweetness because this is a product you can mix in just water. As an aside, personally I'd rather not have the oft used stevia either. If they insist on it being sweet, a bit of organic sugar would make it taste more natural, and I wouldn't mind the extra calories. It makes a very nice hot cocoa type of beverage. Even in water, it tastes creamy.Another thing I like is that there is no plastic scoop hiding under the powder. Thumbs up for friendlier packaging.Something else to like is the bottom of the canister which has both the date of manufacturer as well as expiration date. That kind of transparency is greatly appreciated. It instills trust.
Multitasking cleaning products can certainly help to make more room under the sync. I like this product because it's so versatile. It has a nice citrus scent, and its very effective on sinks and tubs. Cuts soap scum.I decanted into a spray bottle. Cleans refrigerator fingerprints beautifully.I poured some in the toilet bowl, much nicer than harsh chemicals.
Very comfortable to wear. They really are as comfortable as a pair of glasses, even with a shield attached.Unfortunately, there is such a gap on each side, I would not wear this without a mask underneath. These face shields would be useful if you are only expecting something to splatter right between your eyes, or in the exact middle of your face. Nowhere else.So these are fine, depending on the level of protection you're looking for.The shields attach with a pull-off tape that sticks to the eyeglass portion.
These don't weigh a ton and take up a lot of space.At first I thought that the fragrance would be too strong, but it was just light enough to where it didn't irritate my nose.So easy, as easy as a dryer sheet.Cleans well.I had a conversation with a person in the waste management and recycling field once, and it was pretty shocking.I was under the impression that when you correctly place plastics to be recycled, they ARE.Not so. He said that cardboard is, but only a fraction of the plastics in recycle facilities go to the next step.No big plastic bottle for laundry is fantastic.
This is one of the nicer sets, having had one in the past that was chipped and cracked when brand new, and another that literally fell apart after the second use.The stones are nicely polished, and rollslide over skin easily. So relaxing, although if you are looking for this to remove wrinkles, prepare to be disappointed. Puffiness yes, wrinkles,no.Boxed nicely to make for a thoughtful gift.
Could these straws be any cuter? Photos don't do them justice.So much better than plastic. We use various brands of paper straws, and have since I first saw the turtle YouTube video a few years ago. We're used to them now. Yes, they do take some getting used to. Not only is it a different feel, but you usually can't come back to your beverage hours and hours later without some slight meltdown.Worth the minor inconvenience.And did I mention cute?
I have these on my Amazon subscription.When it comes to supplements, sometimes even top brands are adulterated. Independent studies have shown that often what you think you are getting, ISN'T what you're getting.Amazon says these are tested, and since I've had very good luck with most Amazon branded products, I trust them.
These are a reasonably priced option for food storage containers and freezing.This size is perfect for a serving or two of soup or salad. I've been using them a lot to freeze the bounty of summer gardens. I haven't had any problems with leaking. The lids snap on securely.They wash in the top rack of the dishwasher.This this summer has been pretty hot. When I take my dog to the dog park, I fill up one of these containers with water before I leave. It doesn't leak in the car and he has fresh drinking water which he needs after running around with all his buddies.
Although I haven't used Coppertone for years, this certainly is the smell that I remember from way back when. Those days before an SPF was listed on the bottle, the days when there were billboards with the little girl with the tan line as the dog tugged on her bathing suit bottom.For Nostalgia alone, I would like this product. The fact that it feels much better going on than I remember the old ones to be, is a big plus.It has an SPF of 30, and since I usually use it around a pool, the fact that it's water resistant is also very nice.Just remember to put it on as the label suggests, applying at 15 minutes before sun exposure, and reapplying after swimming or at least every 2 hours.
I'm not sure why this company is only focusing on pumpkin seed oil for men's issues.That's only one small part of this powerhouse oil.For arthritis, as a preventive measure if macular degeneration runs in your family, and for healthy, glowing skin, pumpkin seed oil has a high level of beneficial fatty acids.It can affect blood pressure, so talk with your doctor if you have high or low BP.
As someone that takes a lot of supplements,  I was interested in adding artichoke to help with lowering cholesterol and calming a sensitive digestive system.Adding artichoke is kind of a no brainer, since most people tolerate it very well, side effects are rare and often more of a coincidence unrelated to taking this supplement.I also take tart cherry and licorice, as well as a turmericginger combo.Episodes of GERD are less and less, fingers crossed for my next blood work.
Cellulite is one of those things that most adult women have in varying degrees.There are thousands of devices, lotions, and potions claiming to be the one miracle product that gives you the smooth skin we all long for.In reality,  there is no miracle. Still, I really like this set.This massager works well to increase circulation and prep skin for lotions. Those acts alone can help improve the look of your legs and bottom.The round one is great in the shower, using a cleansing oil to help it keep moving over your skin.The other one feels fantastic in or out of the shower. It is an excellent relaxation massager, from shoulders to feet.Both are easy to grip and non slip.Product received to test with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned. Views and opinions are my own.
 From the standpoint of a beauty device junkie, this brush set is an excellent value.It is battery operated, so no being tied to the electric outlet. It's sealed so using it in the shower is no problem.It comes with a large body brush-head, a petite size for the face, a sponge head and a pumice.Unlike the sonic vibration of a Clairsonic, this has a rotary action. That type of action makes it possible to have this tool be pumice friendly.In my opinion, it shines the brightest as a body brush. As a pre-shower dry brush it preps legs and arms. In the shower or tub use it wet with soap or body cleanser.It removes dead dull flakes to help skin look bright and encourage new cell growth.DISCLOSURE: Product received to test, with the option to review. No financial compensation is EVER accepted, and vendor may request that item be returned after testing.Views and opinions are my own. I have no affiliation with any manufacturer or distributor other than choosing to review their item.You are probably considering buying this product if you are reading this. Hopefully this review was was helpful, but if not, just let me know what's missing and I'll try to help you.
These are gelatin based dime-sized disks that are a baby's first introduction to popping sugary sweet snacks into their mouth.According to the package, your baby can safely have these when they crawl with tummy off the floor, pulls up to a standing position, uses jaw to mash foods, and uses fingers to self feed. Because they quickly dissolve, they are probably one of the safest small foods.They are relatively wholesome, with milk products as the main ingredient, and a healthy dose of potassium. Taste tested by me...yucky, taste tested by a 18 month old...yummy.The problem I have (and it's a small one, this product is ok in my book) is that they seem to encourage parents to get kids started as early as possible to have sweet snacking habits. I have a friend who thought it was fine to make her baby's first food like this a fast food french fry. This is a MUCH better option.
 I did a bit of research after one of the morning news shows talked about UV lights. This little plug-in was pretty inexpensive, so I ordered it for an area that has puppy pads. It did the job, and was pretty quiet. It's nice to know that the UV bulb is replaceable.I just ordered another one to place in the bathroom.UPDATE: It was pointed out to me that the plug turns, so it can accommodate both sides of an outlet. Thanks to Merry C!
When I was a little girl, I remember seeing a callus razor of my mothers, and wondered why anyone would use one. Now that I am past the age that she was at that time, I confess I found myself on the hunt for the perfect pedicure items for those of us prone to alligator feet! Forget the ped-egg, it stays sharp for about a minute. Real women use blades! Caution, go lightly the first time, and always on WELL SOAKED tootsies. Less is more, a bit of callus is supposed to on our feet. Turn the double edged blade around for the second foot, then toss it, never use more than once. Buying them like this is the cheapest way to go. These are great quality blades at a great price.
Nice light scent for a relaxing bath after work.
Good cotton balls, used mainly for removing nail polish.  They held together well.
Look great. Crisp vision. Definitely improves driving night vision. Sturdy build.Better look than expected.
Part of the daily regimen for knee pain.As expected.
This is my second purchase of the tropical Saccharomyces boulardii yeast probiotic. This is not gut flora you are likely to acquire naturally in the western diet regimen. The yeast has delivered a noticeable reduction in night vurps. I seem to get these wicked revisits in spells for a couple of days. However, I can't recall an event since I've been taking it.Seems to have solved my night vurp situation.
Excellent. These are lasting well over a year. The battery life is phenomenal. 7-heads is the best configuration for in-shower, bald facepate shaving.7-heads are excellent. Every bit the equal of my >5x more expensive foil shaver.As a note, I used a shaving creamconditioner provided by the hotel on the road some months ago and not this shaver. The hotel cream was too thick and stalled the razor. It was a bear to cleanout. It was the first time I ever had to pop the individual shaving heads ... I'd suggest you avoid this if you have big hands. Since then, I've stuck to my tried and true shaving cream that enables a close shave and easy flush cream.
Tastes good. Nice compounding.As advertised.
As expected. Tastes good.
I've been a fan of fisetin + quercetin supplementation.As advertised.
For the supplement explorer, the D3-K2 combo has been perfect. Both are vital. Both are micro-volumedose. Excellent design.The D3 blood test came on the scene as a routine blood panel. I knew that skin produces like 100K times more D3 than science imagined that the body needed. I grew up in Miami enjoying more sun skin time than anyone had the right to absorb. I was shocked! Shocked I tell you ... to discover that I was short D3. How could this possibly be?Whatever, I'm happily in the 'normative range' thanks to supplementation. The implications of K2 are still a bit new, but trust me ... you likely need it.
Good experience with the brand for glandular care. This thyroid supplement appears new to the Nuven Natural line-up as it hasn't made its website yet—high expectations.
Recommended 3 caps daily dose delivers noticeable results. BrainiLex is a high-end compounding using proprietary and patented ingredients that have shown interesting clinical results.An issue is fishy burps and after taste. It's potent. I found that pairing BrainiLex with Ceylon cinnamon supplement reduces the after-effects.Surprisingly good. Better than expected.
The capsule of straight powdered elderberry does the job without mostly sugar.Nice source of concentrated, no added sugar elderberry.
Ginseng has delivered several beneficial results. Morning sickness? Pickled ginseng from the grocery refrigerated section and supplements keep it at bay. Monotonous low energy? Ginseng.Ginsenosides are a natural steroid group exclusive to the Panax genus of ginseng. It acts as an anti-inflammatory. 2-3% concentrations are natural in Panax. 10% would be a 3x concentration.Always reliable. Nice value. Seems like a quality source.
Arrives in an extraordinary well-engineered conformal package. The pictured box arrives within a box. Kudos to the product-designers who chose this outstanding packaging method.The oil quality is the lightest I can recall and absolutely tasteless. The glass bottle and stopper are countertop accent quality.Much better than expected. Top-quality.Was my review helpful? If so, click "Helpful" so I can know.
Nitropics  is a quality brand compounding interesting ingredient supplements. Nitropics supplements attract top-notch user reviews ... maybe the best in the supplement market. If Nitropics makes it, it's worth a try.High expectations. So far, so good. It will be better than I expected.
Fine quality! Tasty broth. If you have been consuming bone broth, the price and the quality do correlate. This is top-shelf.Much better than  expected
Just doesn't work for me. The Zn galvanized my taste buds. I taste Zn for hours.Please don't mix Zn with tasty good Elderberries.
My pulmonologist has NAC on his respiratory immunity supplement list like zinc, etc. I was unfamiliar with NAC until a few months ago. So far, no covid symptoms.NAC is listed among potential life-extension supplements planned for future in depth study. So far, I'm still kicking. It must be working—no negative metabolic side effects to report. The combination of NAC and TUDCA did a great job normalizing a couple of marginal liver panel test results.
Nice product. UV-C works. An added line of protection.Better than advertised. Value for money.
Excellent coffee chocolate creamer! Collagen has been a definite skin enhancer and joint lubricator for me for years.Delightful. Much better than expected.
The cider vinegar does seem to improve digestion. Not that I have a particular problem. The Cider Vinegar gets me through the day without noticing digestive nuance.They taste good at the end of my supplement taking session. I like them. Try them for a week, and you might notice a benefit.
The silicone is too slippery to hold soap. If you get the soap on your back, the silicone's too soft to exfoliate or even reward you with a back scratch. What you get is more like whipping and popping a dead octopus on your back.It's noisy ... you can hear it in the bedroom for gosh sakes.
NO2 supplements with all the added ingredients are a definite boost. This formulation includes some primo ingredients. Quite happy with the assay.Better than advertised. Tastes fine.
My liver panel is never normal. If it's not one aspect, it's another. I'm like 1 or 2 points out of one or the range consistently. There's nothing material to be treated.After 20-some years of these likely meaningless deviations from normal, I drilled down into the subject. Several supplements I've tried without effect. I ran into TUDCA in a peripheral investigation by accident. The more I looked into it, the more the supplement made sense if I didn't run into unpleasant side effects.No side effects. I took TUDCA 2 months leading to my blood chemistry test and lipid profile. The results gobsmacked me. Every single test was in the normal range.I'm convinced. This is the first supplement that I can track directly to blood chemistry improvement.
The assay looks great. The pills are the larger size as I prefer. All good.There's an excellent coupon included for more.Better than expected.
Some replacements just aren't quite OEM. These are as close to the OEM fit as I've found.As advertised, quite satisfied.
Wholly jump'in Judas does regular tissues after a couple of days of runny nose tear the space between your nose holes as raw as a bad fitting sneakers in a marathon? A couple days of sniffles is endurable but that raw skin under your nose lasts.These are the genuine best solution I've found. Do yourself a big favor with these.
I like it. Easy to use. Dissolves and stays in suspension.As advertised. Better than expected.
Ashwagandha powder is a new supplement here and new supplements are interesting for determining health improvement.A bit of research shows ancient homeopathic use in Africa. It's kind of strange that it's homeopathiccurative claims read like snake oil, but what the heck. There have been occasions that "new" supplements to me have been wildly effective … Glucosamine +MSM & Chondroitin being one from years ago … conversely after multiple trials of melatonin, it reduces my immune systems ability to prevent colds.Ashwagandha powder is worth a trial given the supplement grass roots attention it's getting.First, it doesn't smell like horse. It smells like garden soil to me and it smells like nothing to another nose. It tastes like nothing. Ashwagandha Powder does not effect the smoothie taste.We'll wait and see what happens.
I play racquetball 3xwk for about 2 hrs. Racquetball is aerobic as all get out. Getting gassed in an aggressive volley is par for the game and screws up the set-up for the next serve. I've investigated all sorts of aerobic endurance enhancers. Being in aerobic shape is of course the best conditioning but nonetheless, the sudden bursts of speed and contortions required takes a situational toll.A year or so ago I read about this supplement and gave it a try. You can investigate the abundant biochemistry references to sort it out for yourself. It works for. It is not a supplement that I'd take everyday, but taking the supplement 30-45 minutes before play has a definite effect on O2 metabolism. You can feel it kick-in at peak output. The cool-down and muscle fatigue is noticeably improved. A dose seems to last about 4 hrs.At first, I did take it a daily supplement but did not notice any effect. It appears to become operational as you approach and maintain an aerobic output and stays active through the cool down.
I've been taking these for years. I've been recommending them for years. Those that take my advice keep reminding me months later what a knee miracle it is. 2-3 days does the trick.Painful knees? This is the interim fix before you fold to the orthopedist.
I already take Eleuthero every morning on the advice of my naturopath, to help me keep my spirits up in my life moving forward even though I have very full workdays and a very full home life with small children.This product, Ashwagandha, seems to be in every kind of adaptogenic blend lately, from numerous brands, and it is getting a lot of press. I can see why! On the days I have taken this, I have felt an obvious and notable boost in my feelings of energy, feelings of well-being and feeling cheerful and contented, and definitely felt more energetic and able to cope with the demands that life throws at me.I have only taken the half teaspoon dose noted as the smallest dose suggested. So far, I have not found any kind of a spoon or scoop inside of the product that would help me know an accurate dose, so I have been getting out my cumbersome set of cooking measuring spoons to measure out my half teaspoon.The flavor is not my favorite, when I put it in my morning cup of chai, the flavor really dominates to where I cannot appreciate the chai flavor much at all. I am considering other ways of consuming it, such as in just a little shot of water, but haven't yet experimented with this. It would probably go a little bit better a smoothie containing a lot of peanut butter or a heavier flavor like chocolate.Overall, I'm really impressed with the obvious purity and efficacy of this.
My dentist introduced me to this line of products some years back, and I had been using the mouthwash and the oral irrigation rinse for use with my water pic ever since then, but had never tried the breath spray or the toothpaste. I also recently went on a vacation where I was not able to bring my mouthwash, and I had really missed it.This was a wonderful way to get introduced to the other products in the line that I hadn't yet tried, and to have some travel products available for the next time I go on vacation so that I don't have to do without.The packaging is excellent and seems very sturdy, yet it's easy to get into when I want to use. And I really like the breath spray, which seems to actually neutralize issues rather than just cover them up with a squirt of mint.
I generally work from home, and my kids are homeschooled, so the number of germs we bring into our household are generally minimal. Recently, there were a number of flus and colds going around that I really didn't want to catch, so every time I would go out to meet with people or go grocery shopping, I would use the travel protocol for this which is to say I would take a few in succession to really amp up my natural immune system defenses in my throat, salivary glands, etc.While it's hard to say for sure what works and what doesn't when it comes to probiotics, this gave me no bad side effects, and I do feel the research is clear that it does help prevent illness. I appreciate having the option of adding this to my line up of wellness supplements. I had been taking another brand of oral probiotic, but when I realized that this was the brand that actually invented this type of oral probiotic, I switched over to taking this, since I trust that the strain is pure.
If this device gives new life to one pair of pants, well then you've gotten back the cost of it! It works well if you follow the directions and wet the waistband first.I spend many days bending over doing gardening work, and so most pants for ladies feel uncomfortably pinched in the waist in that position. I've also had a few perfect pairs of pants that after the first wash, shrunk a bit and were too tight in the waist.This little contraption (I read about it on Zogdo, the gadget blog) saved my favorite pants and made my workpants a bit more comfortable. It was worth every penny and I'd recommend it - especially for the holiday time of year, when pants seem to "shrink" more than usual!!
I thought I would give dry brushing a try, so when the Asenlin Body Brush with Long Wooden Handle came in the mail I was excited for bath time.  The bristles are stiff, scratchy, and shed everywhere.  I haven't seen any difference in my skin other than being red and irritated.  If you have itchy skin though this may be a great way to solve that without being too rough on your skin.  I'd rather have a softer brush.
 This electric razor gives you a shave that’s as close as a traditional blade. Standard amount of noise, standard maintenance (easy), and best of all, it uses a usb c charger, so if you lose the cable, it’s not some weird thing specific to this item. Also, the display shows how the battery is doing. Being used to traditional shaving, I kind of thought I could go crazy or would need to press hard. Well, my face felt scratchy all day for making that mistake, but it’s no big deal and still is a huge improvement on the bumps and irritation regular shaving can cause. Great!
The upside is that unlike most magnesium pills, these aren’t enormous and hard to swallow. They are in standard size gel caps. The downside is, you need to take two to get less than the giant horse pills usually include. I don’t have a particularly difficult time swallowing large pills, so it’s all pretty much the same to me. These are good, and so are the larger ones! It’s all about what you prefer, and how much you need.
I have no idea if it was these supplements or some nutritional changes I made, but I got the results from my last blood donation (a neat little benefit of donating at some places), and it went from 258.0 to 185! I guess I’ll keep doing what I’m doing, eating healthy, exercising, and taking one of these a day (it says take three, but I’d rather not).
The superior fit of these masks allows for more protection than the standard pleated procedure masks, especially if you are in an area where others are not doing their part. The material feels a bit thicker, providing more filtration, while still being fairly breathable; the black looks better for professional environments than the white or blue, in my opinion. individually wrapped for better portability and protection from pathogens. See pics!
If Vicks VapoRub were a shower steamer, this would probably be it. It smells exactly the same, and boy does it seem medicinal to me. I guess gentleman really enjoy Vicks over things that actually smell good? I don’t get it. I’m glad there was less packaging (but keep in a dry place, or they’ll be ruined), so that’s a plus, but I genuinely found the fragrance of these to be unpleasant. I bet they’re great if you have a cold or something, but other than that? I didn’t find it particularly soothing.
These have and excellent mix of fragrances with strong scents that are great for aromatherapy. One or two did smell a little like alcohol, which makes me wonder about additives, as well as the fact that both Rose and Jasmine have their fragrances removed through water soluble methods more often than oil or fat soluble ones, so I also wonder if those are real. But I don’t really care too much, so whatever. Smells good. It’s not like I’m eating it or anything.
These are some of the best earplugs for sleeping I’ve ever used! Laying much more flat in your ear so you don’t feel the pressure even if you’re sleeping on your side, these are nothing like regular earplugs for day to day use. They are well-made and designed specifically for sleep, and they come in a sturdy cardboard and foam interior box to store them so they don’t get lost or damaged. Excellent! See photo
The product page tells me you mix a sheet with water, but I’m not sure how much because the instructions were in Chinese. Since they use metric, I assume it’s a number of liters, maybe 2-4. I would have liked to have known the ingredients as well, which I thought was required to be listed in English to be sold in the States. Kind of hard to review this one, honestly. It worked fine, and in theory, it’s more eco friendly because you have less packing materials and fewer emissions to ship something lightweight.
I’m so glad bath bombs now have a shower equivalent, and it’s not quite as strong, which is perfect for me. This is the second time I try something like this, and these are like the other brand I reviewed. One whole one is perfect for an average bathroom with an average tubshower setup. Small, enclosed spaces might want to use half a tablet, and bigger ones (open shower, larger room) might need two.
This toothpaste worked well, leaving my mouth feeling clean, and not too dry (I tend to have dry mouth). The flavor is very mild, so for those who have trouble with “spicier” mint flavors, this shouldn’t be a problem; on the other hand, it also means that you’re not going to have the mintiest freshest breath in the world. Make of that what you will. As for the materials used in the container, it says they are ocean safe and recyclable. Bonus: made in the USA. Good toothpaste!
This toothpaste worked great, leaving my mouth feeling fresh and clean, and not too dry (I tend to have dry mouth). As for the ingredients, they are vegan friendly, and the materials used in the container are ocean safe and recyclable. Bonus: made in the USA. Good toothpaste!
This tiny pill is super easy to swallow and doesn’t contain ingredients that would exclude its use for people with celiac disease or dairy or soy sensitivities, though it didn’t mention anything about being vegetarian. They are also chewable.
These are not really a substitute for a pad, but if you have lighter days with very little flow, these are perfect liners. They also work great if you have a cup or tampon but sometimes get some leaks. Reusable and washable, these are so much friendlier for the environment than disposable liners, so I highly recommend them for that.
That strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing didn’t really work for me. I think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and I’m not sure this is designed for Americans. Also, it doesn’t really stay in place. But the straps and lanyard thing or useful. The rest? Depends on your face.That strap on the back really makes masks stay on better and feel more comfortable, but the little cup insert thing didn’t really work for me. I think you have to have a much smaller than average nose, and I’m not sure this is designed for Americans. Also, it doesn’t really stay in place. But the straps and lanyard thing or useful. The rest? Depends on your face.
Unlike memory foam and certain types of gel’s, this will hold up better because of the hexagonal design in a material that doesn’t really degrade. These provide the best comfort of anything I’ve tried so far, and they stay on easily. Great product!
This is a nice idea and concept, but the execution doesn’t work for many faces. This ended up putting a lot of pressure on the bridge of my nose, which isn’t particularly huge or anything, but this definitely is made for people with tiny noses with a very small or low bridge. If that’s not you, you’re not gonna like this. Very uncomfortable, and the little hook bracket things don’t connect to anything, so they don’t stay in place.
This was worse than eating corn in the cob. I came in trying to floss, and I left with strings that I had to remove by flossing with regular floss. I’m not sure why this stuff was so fragile, but it’s absolutely useless unless you have really spaced out teeth. I wish it had worked better, since I support the eco-friendly packaging it came in.
I’m used to the crappy foam earplugs for everything, and these are my first earplugs of this kind. Wow! What a difference. This reduces the overall noise level to protect your hearing, yet you can still hear with enough definition to have a conversation with someone and understand what they are saying (assuming they’re speaking loudly of course). With the other kind, everything sounds muffled, so you can’t really do that. Added bonus: these are so comfortable. I’ve never worn earplugs as comfortable as these. There’s no pressure or ear ache at all! Best earplugs I’ve ever used. No wonder they have a special little carrying case.
This eye mask is very comfortable, and unlike my previous mask, it genuinely blocks all of the light out. My other one is made of contoured foam like this one, but the inner padded design around the nose area is what makes the difference: that is what prevents light from peaking in from the middle of the mask. Great design, reasonable price.
These comfortable gloves are perfect for doing dishes, so your hands don’t get wet with the nasty water. They are comfortable, durable, and they look nice. They’re also easy to clean.This pack contains two of the regular gloves, and two with the soft fuzzy lining.
The addition of lidocaine is much appreciated! It turns the horribly sensitive skin into slightly calmer and more hydrated skin. If you make the mistake of getting burned (and seriously, avoid it with suntan lotion, because sunburn is dangerous and increases your likelihood of cancer), this stuff helps protect and heal with aloe, cool and distract with menthol, and block some of the pain with lidocaine. Very nice!
100% comparable to the name brand in quality, and a good value! It’s Vaseline!
This cream has good ingredients, goes on smoothly, doesn't leave residue, and absorbs nicely. Also, the price is very reasonable! The problem is the scent. It has a strong granny smell. The scent is pretty unpleasant, and I had to use some essential oils to mask it, but that only did so much. It would have 5 stars if it smelled better.
I like to use these to add to my laundry for an extra boost of cleanliness. My bf gets sweaty and oily and that transfers to clothes and sheets. I mix the borax and washing soda together and sprinkle a scoop into every load to keep the soil at bay. They help my wash smell fresh and stay clean.
This facial scrub is chunks of cacao nibs and the hydrating mask. The pieces of nibs are so large they mostly just hurt my face, its like rubbing pebbles on your face. The hydrating mask feels very nice, but I can't get over the pebbly nibs.
I have some sun damage on my face and I was hoping this would help fade that, since that is a feature, but after a few weeks I don't see any change. The pads and serum feel really nice on my face, but there was no coloration change to my complexion.
This is a nice light toner that adds a little moisture to your skin after cleansing. It has a very light pleasant scent and dries quickly.
Cleaning isn't fun by any means, but having tools to make it less of a chore is great. This is a nice set to help keep your floors clean. There are two sides, one for your wash water and one that is dry. You dunk your mop in the wash water, there is a squeegee like thing on the side that the mop head scrapes against to get the water off and the second chamber squishes out even more water. I would like that second part to be a between mopping and dunking so you aren't just getting your water dirty and dunking your mop in dirty water again. The squeezing out of the water keeps the mop head pretty dry and your floors dry quickly. The squeegee tool also makes it so you don't have to touch the mop head which is great. There isn't anything scratchy on the pad, which is good, but I wish there was a spot for dried on stains. I try to spot treat those and pick them up later. The handle is unfortunate and pops out of place, which makes carrying the bucket precarious, even though it is light it can pull the handle out of it's notch. There are drain holes on the top of the wash side where you tip the bucket upside down to drain the dirty water. Just leave it upside down a while and it will dry out.
This is a great body scrubber. It's gentle enough to use every time you shower, but it exfoliates really well too. There is a cellulose sponge inside and you can easily remove it and put in a new one when it  is used up. There are a few different textures on the silicone part if you need a different experience. I bet you could run the silicone outer piece through the dishwasher to sanitize it if you think you need to.
I occasionally get migraines and they last all day and don't go away for anything. It's miserable and nothing I've tried makes it any better. I got this ice roller and it helps with the pain and throbbing so I can at least eat something and get on with my day. The rolling part comes off so you can put that in the freezer and leave the handle out. There's a notch on both sides of the circle that make it easy to pull off the handle and you don't scratch up the roller. It's easy enough to put it back on and get rolling.
This comes in a nice box that's a little big for the bottle of lotion. There's also a bunch of nicely colored purple stuffing. The lotion has little to no scent which it is supposed to. It has a nice consistency, not too thick, not too thin and it soaks in pretty quickly without being greasy. The pump is really sturdy and shaped like a cute leaf.
what I like about the product:- contains folate and inositol- non-gmo  and no added fillersingredients- easy to take- good health benefits (great for female health)- 30 day supplywhat would make this product better:- if this product was organic :)
Here are some key points in my overall experience with this product:- I love that this product is organic and non-gmo- Taste and product is what you would expect from a Maca Root Product- 1 ingredient (no fillers or additives)- Great benefits (great for hormones, energy, and contains vitaminsminerals)- 40 servings per bag- Great plant source of Iron and calcium!- Great in smoothies or protein shakes- overall good product and experience!
here are some key points in my overall experience:- smell of the broccoli was stronger than the taste lol, so don't be deterred by the smell lol- easy way to add some veggies to your diet!- perfect for putting in smoothies, or add to juice- i love that this product is organic, non-gmo, and no fillers- I would've liked to know if this product is raw or cooked, and also how much of the powder is one daily serving of veggies- overall good experience, but hoping they add the above info, which I would find very valuable!
Pros:- made in USA- no smell or after taste- veggie based capsules- male vitality blend- immune blend- antioxidant blendCons:- larger sized- only 30 day supply even though you get 60 capsules
Pros:- organic and non-gmo- no filler ingredients- beautiful vibrant green color- great superfood- good benefits for breastfeeding mothers- no strong taste other than some spice- good in juiceCons:- could upset stomach if you take it on an empty stomach- bag would not reseal so I had to put it in a different container- bag is kind of small
What I like about this product:- organic non-gmo- you could break the tablets in half- easy to digest- no flavor burpsCons:- tablets are large if you don't break them in half, not ideal for those who have a hard time swallowing pills- unsure if these contain curcumin. The bottle says curcuma, I don't know if they are the same thing or different but I specifically take Turmeric Curcumin with black pepper.
We use cotton ball for different things around the house- we like our crafts and beauty supplies so it's good to have some on hand. These are pretty much what you would expect of cotton balls only they are a bit more smaller (but slightly more dense) and a bit more expensive (currently $4.99)
My go to Chlorella brand is no longer available, but i found this one which seems basically the same (from the size of the capsule down to the MGs). I've been taking it for years for overall health benefits (b12, detoxifying properties, etc).  I like that this one is veggie capsules, non-gmo, and free of soy, dairy, and fillers. These are easy to swallow and digest and are ok to take on an empty stomach. They are also tasteless and don't cause any after taste or burps. Not sure where the chlorella is sourced, but It would be a huge plus if it was organic.
This smells different than their other dreft I've got in the past and I love the update. It smells so good and not too intense. The box reduces plastic waste and is recyclable, easier and more convenient to use than a pour plastic bottle. Just a warning to turn and open the spout slow because it will come out fast if not. I've been using this on our daughters clothes and cloth diapers and it cleans very well and makes everything smell great!
Unique tasting protein powder and its pretty tastey. The flavor reminds me of something I cant quite put my finger on at the moment.The ingredients are very good.. organic, non gmo and plant based are always what I look for in a product.The bag is resealable, and it comes with a large scooper in the bag. The powder is pretty dense.I put 1 scoop into about 12oz of unsweetened non-dairy milk. Unfortunately it doesnt mix well just shaking it alone (will just clump up). You either need a blender or shaken with one of those coil springs, then it becomes smooth and looks like a dijon mustard color. You could adjust the thickness to your liking by adding more liquid, but I found that about 12-14 oz makes for a good thickness and sweetness. I'd consider getting it again, I'm interested in seeing what the chocolate tastes like.
I have been aking turmeric curcumin with bioperine for several years... along the way, I have been trying all different brands, and am not loyal to a specific brand.This product is comparable to other brands out there with the MGs and capsule size. I really like that these are made with organic ingredients and no fillers. They do smell strongly of turmeric in the bottle but im happy to say they don't taste like anything or do not burp up any taste. They are gentle on my stomach when I take them in the morning on an empty stomach and are easy to swallow.Not sure why they are packaged in a plastic bag, to me that is wasteful. Love the name by the way! 120 capsules of good quality turmeric curcumin with bioperine for under $20 is a great value!
This toothpaste has an interest flavor. Never had a lemon mint toothpaste, and it's not bad! It will probably grow on me more too. One of the main reasons why I got this toothpaste was because the ingredients seemed better than conventional toothpaste. Although I didnt realize it contained silica (never heard of it before either) so I looked put up to see what it was. I guess it is ok to use, but I also read it could wear down your enamel. So I dont think I'm going to be using this regularly (just in case) I may use it weekly or even biweekly. The toothpaste doesnt foam up much, which some people may not like. Besides the silica concern, I like the toothpaste. Makes my teeth feel clean.
I switched to natural toothpaste a few years ago and I still like to try different types. I got this one because the ingredients seemed good, and I had never tried this kind before. It does not foam up like most toothpastes which some people may not like. My only concern about this toothpaste is that it contains silica which is ok to use but I also read it could wear down enamel. Because of this I probably wont be using this as my regular toothpaste and may make it a weekly or biweekly thing. Makes my teeth feel clean though!
These smell a little fishy but other than that I am happy with these. They are vegetarian friendly, organic and non-gmo. I take spirulina for overall health. They are a superfood and very nutrient dense so I take them every day. The recommended dose is 6 so I split them up and take 3 in the morning and 3 at night. They are easy to take and easy on the stomach, and i could even take them on an empty stomach without nausea, or after tasteburps.
If you are not sure when you ovulate and are trying to conceive, these tests are great to use. They are simple to use, the set contains a good amount of test (7), and easy to read. We are trying for a boy so knowing when I ovulate will make the odds a little higher!
Simple, natural, and organic ingredients. The flavor is good; they taste like other honey lemon lozenges I've tried before. They even have silver with helps fight off infections. Definitely handy to have and work well for fighting off sickness.
I got this to use instead of a regular bulb nasal aspirator. I thought I might have more luck with a different one. This worked ok. Not very impressed with its ability to remove mucus from my daughters nose. I feel like this wasnt much more effective than wiping her nose with a tissue because it doesnt go that much beyond the nostril.
This stain remover is different than other ones I've used. Its like a deodorant stick style dispenser. I used it on paint and fruit stains so far and it worked very well. It could be used for a large variety of different stains and its easy to apply- rub it on and let it sit for 15 minutes, and then wash in warmhot water. My kids always get all types of stains on their clothes, especially white, so this comes in handy. A couple minutes after you apply it, you could see the stain remover interact with the stain. The scent is not overpowering and has a fresh smell. I love that it's for sensitive skin, biodegradable, and natural, doesn't contain chemicals.
Works great so far! I put it on charge before use. Didnt take long, and light turns green when its charged.Lay the clothes flat, turned it on and went over a couple shirts with it in a circular motion. You could hear it when it cuts off a lint ball! Its not loud, Its easy to use, and safe to have around kids because there are no sharp pieces exposed unless you open it to clean it out.Cleaning is also easy- you just unscrew the top and guide the included brush along the sides of it and toss the lint. I actually was shocked at how much came off just a couple of shirts. I'm glad this works because alot of my clothes started to look worn and ugly with the pilling. I've tried an actual razor but that was a pain in the bum. So I'm happy with this product and I've had no issues so far!
I dont know if I got a bad batch but I did not like these at all. Usually even if I don't completely enjoy something, and I know its healthy, I'll still eat but I dont think I could do it with these. All I taste is some coconut and the sweetener and it's just gross to me. I tried the ginger first and I didnt like it, so I was like ok the chocolate will probably be better.. nope.. both had minimal flavor and that sweetener diet-y aftertaste...I found it slightly odd that the packaging it came in didnt match the picture, and one of the bars wrappers weren't even sealed.The only thing these have going for it is the ingredients and overall quality is good...They are just not for me and my tastebuds and I would never get again.
I like to take moringa for the overall benefits. It is considered a superfood vegetable, is high in antioxidants, and essential amino acids. I usually do powder but sometimes it's more convenient to take a capsule. This one is good to mix in with my smoothies. It mixes best in a bottle with a lid to shake. Goes well with juice and you could barely taste much difference, maybe just a little greener tasting. I like that this one is organic, wild grown, and free of other ingredientsfillers. Price is very reasonable too (just under $8)
I got this because I have never come across a warm humidifier with the option of adding essential oil (which is what I always wanted) I usually use a diffuserhumidifier when someone in our house is sick, and I like to add eucalyptus or something along those lines for (stuffy noses because it helps them sleep better, and moisture helps with dry air.) I feel like the warm humidifier is more effective with opening up nasal passages. The size is pretty convenient would fit nicely on a nightstand and hold enough water (half gallon) to run for 13 hours. Mine came looking used because there were several dirty looking spots on it (pictures). I filled it up today because my daughter is currently sick with what sounds like croup. You simple unscrew the bottom of the tank and fill it up (I noticed there is no line that says the max) so i filled it up to the brand name. It took a couple minutes to warm up and then it started to shoot out the warm (kinda hot) vapor. There is only one button so it's very easy to operate- the button gives you 3 different options: low, high, or off. I love the tray feature for the essential oil vapor that and the warm air are the main reasons why I decided to get it! It's also pretty quiet, just kind of sounds like a very low heater fan. It's easy to clean and doesnt require filters either.Overall happy and working out great so far.
Love the idea of compostable garbage bags! I ordered these for our home for general use, mostly in our kitchen garbage. Unfortunately these are useless because they have a defective thinning line going through middle that makes them tear even if something very light is inside of them. Otherwise could be a good bag, but this specific batch of garbage bags I received are garbage!!
Awesome that kleenex now makes a tissue with coconut oil in addition to aloe, and vitamin e. I use raw coconut butter as a lotion so when I saw this I wanted to try them. They are very soft! They are perfect for in the winter when you get that annoying runny nose that you have to wipeblow your nose a million times. The tissues will keep your nose from getting dry and irritated because they are soft and moisturizing. The boxes are nice too.. they remind me of natural stone or marble, pretty neutral colors and match the colors in my living room and bathroom. Good to have on hand, and especially for kids and those who have sensitive skin.
I've been taking collagen for pain in elbow after few weeks I no longer have discomfort. On a side note, my skin looks a little more healthier too. It has slight fishy smell but hardly taste like anything.I like that the product is from grass fed and pasture raised cows and wild caught cod. It's a good source of protein (an quickeasy protein boost) and has the 3 types of collagen. Its also non-gmo, gluten free, and has no artificial ingredients, which is all very important to me when choosing a product.Overall Good quality product.
I did not try these yet but so far I am impressed with the product.I actually bought them for my mother in law for Christmas. She likes her air fresheners so I thought she would like this as a gift. Plus they will probably save her money and reduce waste.They are prettier than the plastic ones, bigger than expected, and they also seem durable, and heavy!I will update after she uses them. But I really think she will like these!
I bought this mat so my family and I could get the benefits of grounding while we sleep and during the winter when we don't go outside much. I decided to go with this product because it came with a book, an outlet tester, the grounding cord, and because the mat looked comfortable.The first 2 nights I used it, I actually kept waking up and didn't sleep through the night which is not something i normally do. I am not sure if that's a coincidence or if the mat had something to do with it?So in my bed i have my fiance, my 5 year old, and myself so I have the mat spread out and centered on the bed horizontally so we could all lay on it.The grounding connector on my mat is located on the top silver part that you are suppose to lay on, which gets a little bit uncomfortable having to lay on the cord. I wish it came with it attached underneath (like it is shown in the pictures)This also makes it more likely to knock the grounding wiring completely off while sleeping. There were several nights I woke up and the grounding wire got detached from the mat. I ended up contacting the seller and they sent me a replacement wire which seems to be working out since then.So we have been using it just about every night for about 1 month now and I don't feel noticeably different, but I also read it could take some time to adjust and really benefit from it.Will keep using and update with any more helpful information I have
these wipes work great for cleaning lenses. They are easy to use and I like that you can simply throw them away. I would buy them again.
this product did not work on anything I tried it on.
this product did not work on anything I tried it on.
this is the worse tasting thing I have ever put it my mouth. I couldn't stand it and threw it away.
These cup are just odd. the gold rim looks cheap and it they break easily. I don't like them and I wouldn't use them anywhere.
My daughter liked the flavor of these and did not mind taking them at all. However, I will say that we saw no really change in her overall health including her gut health and going to the bathroom. In my opinion this is one of those things that you take everyday because someone tells you too... but you don't really have a way of knowing if they are really working or not.
These forks are amazing. I love that there is no plastic in them and that they are compostable . I’m not a big green person but I will do anything that I can to lower my footprint if possible.These forks are an amazing quality. I was concerned about the strength of the fork but I promise they are better than many of the plastic forks that I have used in the past. I am very pleased with them!
These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
This is a great battery. It works exactly as you would expect it to. So far it has provided us with a long life and it works great. I'm very happy with it!
I can't say how thankful I am for this product. I began noticing a terrible "gassy" smell coming from one bathroom in our house. Only that one... so I knew that something must be wrong. Our septic tank isn't that old so I knew that it didn't need to be emptied either. I was excited to try this to see if it would help! Within HOURS of using it the first time, the smell was gone! This is something (I didn't know until now) that should be used every month or two to help break down toilet paper, bacteria and things like that in your septic tank! This product worked great for us and it was so simple to use!
I like many others was a little taken back when I opened the bottle to see that there was a baggie inside holding the vitamins. That was odd.the pills themselves are banded together, just like in the description. So that wasn't a big deal for me. I haven't noticed a difference but I have had no side effects either. There is no bad after taste and they are easy to swallow.
I have read that tart cherries can help with insomnia.  I’m not a juice drinker so I was excited to try these capsules.  After taking almost the whole bottle, I can say they unfortunately haven’t helped me sleep at all.From what other reviewers have to say, they are probably great quality for other purposes.  But for me, they didn’t help with the issue I am having so I wouldn’t recommend them to help you sleep.
I initially was concerned after opening the package when I realized that this device is intended for the outflow port from an HVAC system. While many people have the "VAC" portion of the HVAC system, my house is equipped just with the "HV" - Heating and ventilation.After looking at my setup a bit and pondering, I reached out to the manufacturer, mammoth, and asked for some guidance on installing into my system.After sending some pictures back and forth we came up with a good solution to attach the unit to the sidewall of one of the heating unit which would purify anything entering into the system.The quality of the parts are great - the lights give a satisfying sound when connecting to their receptors, and the status lights that indicate when it is safe to service the equipment or not are a great added benefit.The included template for cutting into your system is very important, as without it this task would be substantially harder.
My shibas love this toy and it can hold up to my pitbullsharpei mix’s chewing.  I love a toy that all 3 of my dogs can enjoy.  I’m not sure the “bristles” are doing much cleaning since they seem to prefer chewing on the hard plastic but any chewing is better than none.  Highly recommend this toy for chewers of all sizes!
This stuff is really great. I love how it makes my skin feel, it’s really silky soft and smells awesome. I would definitely gift these to friends and family.
These are pretty good pillboxes. The lids are really secure and they have a decent amount of space. They work great but there's one problem, once you put the pills in them the only way to get them back out is to completely dump the box upside down. I have skinny fingers and I still can't get them out and of course dumping it means that I drop pills more times than not. It's a design flaw for sure but the product still does a great job otherwise.
I like this straightener iron. It’s a simple low cost ceramic iron that goes up 450* and takes about 5-30 seconds to heat to the temperature you choose and it has 10 different levels for all different hair types. It’s a good 1 inch iron, it is easy to hold and has an auto shut off after an hour. This also has a two year warranty. It definitely is a good choice for a digital ceramic iron, and because of it’s size, it is easy to travel with. It packs a lot of punch for a great value.
These are listed as one size fits most. My thoughts on that were that that meant fits a lot of different sizes. Not. I wear a 14 and there way no way these were going on. I gave them to my oldest daughter, who wears an 8, and they barely fit. Not only were they difficult for her to get on in the first place, they kept sliding down, over time. The waistband doesn't hold them up very good and, with the thighs being so extremely tight, they kept wanting to work their way down. To be fair, they seem nice and warm. However, I wouldn't recommend these for anyone over a size 8 (AT MAX!) or, probably, under a size 6(?) maybe a 4 (?). Not my idea of "one size fits most".1 star - Awful! Want my money back!2 stars - Bad but not horrendous.3 stars - DecentGood4 stars - Really good!5 stars - Excellent! Definitely recommend!
The tissues themselves are fine. They clean and wipe snot as well as dirt and food of the face or counter, are soft and do not irritate. The packaging while compact is a bit off putting since the tissues are so jam-packed together, it's hard to pull them out in the beginning without pulling a whole wad of them as well tearing several of them. But the tissues themselves serve well as any regular tissues.
Th scouring pads are basically the same pads I usually buy. I use them till they fall apart which takes about couple of months, and I wash dishes very often. New, these seem fine. Scrub well, leave dishes and surfaces clean. It works for me.
I love this brand and this ointment. It's light and when I put it on my skin it does not feel like a heavy coating that regular Vaseline gives. I do not feel it at all. It soothes dry cracked skin immediately. It has a very pleasant either flowery scent, very warm. I can't really say what flower but I love it, it's very subtle. It does not dry fast though, so it's best to apply in the evening when all the chores are done. It has a very soothing effect on skin. I recommend it as a first quick relief treatment. Active ingredients are Lanolin 15.5% and Petrolatum 53.4%. You need to make sure you are do not have adverse reaction to them. This is not a pain reducing ointment or even disinfecting one, it simply provides small relief and makes skin soft and supple. Great for cracked skin. My knuckles get red, dry and raw in winter, and this ointment is a perfect solution for me.
Health and nutrients wise, this drink is very good. The label offers wealth of information on what benefits my body will receive were I to consume in on daily basis. It goes down easy and smooth, has light texture but it has a certain medicinal aftertaste like when you take pills and they slide down your throat and leave slight unpleasant aftertaste - that's how it feels immediately after drinking it. It goes away pretty fast, and the health benefits certainly outweigh this little inconvenience, but for some it's a big deal. So be in the know. I like it fine.
While it didn't miraculously make my teeth as white as snow, it did make them a bit lighter. The instructions it comes with leave much to be desired. They are very vague. It comes with whitening strips packets, the light machine and silicone teeth mold. First thing to do, you have to open the battery holder. There is a paper disk between two flat batteries to prevent them from running out since the button on the top is so sensitive, small accidental touch will turn it on.The strips come in two sizes - short and long. I tried both sizes on both sets of teeth and determined that longer goes on the top teeth and the short one goes on the lower teeth. It would have been nice to have it confirmed in the instructions. The whitening cycle times vary from 30-45 minutes with the requirement not to eat or drink one hour afterwards. The whitening light machine shuts off every 10 minutes on the dot, as if to remind not to leave it in too long. First time my teeth felt tingly and slightly cool, but then nothing out of ordinary happened. Since it has to stay put in there for a while, the saliva that collects behind the teeth has to go somewhere. I swallowed it. It was not overly unpleasant with slight traces of something. It's ok whitening kit, but it does not perform miracle.
The pack comes with four pairs of gloves - two of each colors. They have textured palm and finger surface and sort of ruffle on the edge, very cute. They fit well and do not come off even when are not tight on the wrist. They are waterproof but after using my palms and fingers were covered in powdery and slightly grainy white substance. It washes off easily, and I guess it's prevalent in rubber gloves. This was the only drawback that I noticed while using them. They are sturdy and protect from hot water. They definitely have many uses in them. Scrub your house in style!
Cute Christmas-themed cover with invisible zipper that will fit any standard cushion and liven up the living room. It's soft to touch and kids love it. It's a nice fun splash of color.
Decent tasting olive oil that's good for cooking or using for salad dressing or however you like.
Container : stiff, pretty, fits in car cup holder, no lid so after use you just have a tall cylinder with a hole on top.Tissue :rougher than kleenex, softer than hospitalhotel tissue. Works for wiping nose, but rough cold or touch up on makeup.... No. Also smaller than kleenex (comparison in picture). So softer prettier hospital tissue. Also because it's rough and stuffed so tight it's really difficult to pull only one out. I ended up pulling out a lot and tear all of them. Very frustrating.Overpriced. For the quality these shouldn't be more than ten in my opinion....
Didn't know these are powder but those pods. A little disappointed and more work to use it
Offering a 2 pack works well when there are multiple users in the household. This product also states that it contains “the mother” which apparently is the more effective type of ACV to take. So far, I have taken ACV with as well as without and haven’t had any noticeable differences. It has helped to regulate our digestive tract for both my husband and I, but no weight loss benefits. We are both mature seniors which I am sure makes a difference with weight loss benefits. The taste is comparable, slightly sweet with a mild ACV hint. The size is smaller than most. The directions need clarity…2 or 3.
I am in no way skilled at using a curling iron. With that said, after getting used to the longer barrel, it was surprisingly easy to get nicer looking waves and curls where I want them. My hair is naturally curly with a lot of body, but my natural curls are unruly. This has helped tamed my usual nightmare and I love the results. This iron is value priced and I hope it holds up well. Enjoying thus so far!
These are easy to swallow and supplement our probiotics has helped maintain a healthier feel for both of us. These have helped maintain regularity as well as our overall energy levels. The ingredients seem to be in line with today’s more natural and organic solutions. As with all things, everyone should be mindful of your own unique digestive tolerances.
The taste is pleasant and the gummy form adds a nice chewable touch without feeling like more medication is being infested. Really can’t say this helps with any weight loss but we haven’t had any weight gain which is in the plus column as well. We have been maintaining good gut health so,so far so good.
These gummies provide a great flavor as well as assists with maintaining a healthier gut function. We have been on a regimen of these for a few months. Although we haven’t experienced any weight loss, it has helped with regulating our digestive function. It’s a good alternative to other pharmaceutical alternatives.
These are surprisingly thicker than I imagined but still allowed me enough maneuverability to get dishes and household cleaning done. My hands are on the smaller side so this is always an ongoing issue. For being as sturdy as they are, I like that I could still use them. These gloves provide a great alternative to anyone with latex issues. Only used these for a week or so but there are no signs of wear on them as yet.
I have been taking this religiously for more than a week and so far I have noticed that is may be the reason for my regularity being more reliable. I can’t speak towards the aiding with any weight loss as yet nor do I know what this products targeted time frame is. For the price, it truly does bring value towards aiding with my digestive system. I would consider it an added bonus if I can shed a pound or two as well. It has not caused me any new discomforts due to use so that is always a good thing. No side effects for me! As with all things, everyone’s body make up is different so just because it works for some doesn’t always guarantee the same results for all.
This is a perfect item. I have stomach issues and I can wear this while walking around. I recommend this highly
Just needed the clip but it does not open
These Pain Relief Patches really do heat up, almost to the point of pain. you can stick them anywhere but I use them on my pelvis area when I am menstruating, they do help with the cramping, but are painful to peel off.
They work awesome. DOESN'T PULL ON YOUR NOSE HAIRS LIKE SOME TRIMMERS.
My 6-year-old loves wearing a sleep mask to bed. This one is so cute and comfortable she loves it. The material is really soft and it stays on all night long. The fact that it's Disney makes it that more special and loved.
This is a cute set of 4 different holiday-themed face masks. They fit my 8-year-old perfectly and she liked wearing them to school to show her festive spirit. She said they were comfortable and breathable.
In this pack you get 2 different face masks, I choose the tie-dye set. They are colorful and really stand out. They are more importantly really comfortable to wear and are breathable.
I think this Dreft Detergent is great. I love the smell and it really does make the clothes soft and smell great. I like the new box it has an easy to use spout.
This is a great set of balloons I really loved all the soft pastel colors. This has 90 balloons 10 of each of the nine different colors. We just blew this up and had them for decoration. It would make a beautiful arch.
I have a kid who is always sick, and her tonsils are enlarged so she catches everything. She has been taking these and well I don't see a huge difference. She is sick as we speak, and she still has some constipation issues. She says they are tasty and easy to take which is a plus, I gonna let her finish these out before I decide to buy more.
These are packaged up really cute. That's pretty much where the positives end. They smell rather gross and all smell basically the same. If they get too wet they just disintegrate and disappear in seconds. There is very little scent released. In fact, I couldn't smell them at all while in the shower. After I got out I caught a whiff of very faint scent. But that's it. Totally not worth it.
These pills are easy to swallow and have no weird aftertaste. They work as well as other green tea extract I've used. They are just really expensive comparatively for the same dosage.
While these aren't the softest tissues, the round packaging is amazing. They fit in car cupholders perfectly. The tissues come out of the canisters smoothly. Very useful.
I have used these several times now. It fully blocks the light while being very conformable.  It worked for me laying down in bed and sitting up on a very early flight. It let me get the best sleep I have ever had on a plane. The soft silk does not add any distraction like other sleep masks I have tried.
Tons and cute
This shoehorn is the right length for my husband to easily slide into his shoes, as he can't bend over.  Very sturdy.
Perfect! And every morning I can actually find my glasses!!!
Disappointed! And frustrated with myself for being fooled by great marketing. “Blueberry Bliss” is actually soy and different kinds of sugar in a bar. They taste just ok, and are NOT a healthy alternative to other sweets. Just another bar full of soy and other crap. Don’t waste your money! NOTHING “blissful” about this bar.I hope I’ve finally learned my lesson! Most bars are junk.
Bought this for my mom to reach cabinets in the kitchen but she uses it to climb into her bed.  She loves it.
Love this product! Impossible to find in stores.
I use these inserts along with my custom orthotics, and they seem to reduce pain and fatigue even more than I thought they would.  Almost unnoticeable when you're wearing them, too!
I followed the instructions and this product seemed to help my slow kitchen drain.  It has been about two weeks now since I finished using it and everything seems to be working well. I will get more and use it as maintenance to keep my drain clear. I really liked that it was so easy to use and each dose was in it's own bottle. So all I had to do was shake it and pour the liquid down the drain. No mixing or measuring.
This set of toothbrushes is terrific especially for those with sensitive gums and teeth. The brushes are soft and almost sponge like. They are effective at cleaning teeth without causing irritation. They are comfortable to hold and use. The cylindrical plastic cases make them ideal for travel. One of the caps is perforated to let moisture out. The four different colors help family members easily identify theirs. Very impressed.
This is a pretty and functional dowsing board A circle of lightweight wood it features attractive center illustrations and large, readable responses. The back is plain and there is no carrying case, bag or box. It is nice and functional  It also comes with a complimentary ankh pendant, vintage style postcard and little thank you banner.
These dry wipes are excellent. Designed to be used with a bucket, they are strong, absorbent and versatile. They are softer than I anticipated but strong. They do not tear or leave behind lint. They can be used virtualky anywhere, garage, workshop, kitchen, bsth or office. Impressed by the quality.
like most people in the Northeast I need to supplement vitamin D. Winters are long, dark and dreary and the lack of sun takes actoll. This is a satisfactory supplement. The pills are small and easy to swallow. One tablet a day contains 5000ius of Vitamin D. I have had no negative side effects. Goid supplement.
This sports drink tastes like salty Tang. It mixes easily with water. No clumping and no residue on the bottom. Each small packet provides s punch of potassium and electrolytes. The orange flavor is good and in cold water it is refreshing. The packets are small enough to tuck in a pocket or pack. They open easily. It is sugar free and I like the monk fruit-stevia blend used to sweeten it. I have been using these while exercising the dogs. It is summet, hot and humid. These do rehydrate and I feel good after taking.
If you ever read the ingredients on a standard commercial air freshener they give you pause. Yes you home may smell like a tropical paradise but at what cost to your lungs and environment. This two pack is delightfully different. The packaging is cute, from the recyclable packaging to the reusable containers. There is a single sprayer. The fragrance which is from oils is light, clean and refreshing. The lemon thyme smells terrific, clean without being medicinal. It doesn't choke you or cloy. The sprayer works smoothly and the fragrance lasts.
These pretty gloves are durable and versatile. The two pairs of purple ones are lined while the white and yellow ones are unlined. Both are comfortable and strong. They are great for any number of tasks from household cleaning to gardening to shampooing the dogs. The palms and fingers are textured. They do not contain latex. The scalloped edges are attractice and they come up over the wrists. Great gloves.
Astragalus root is an adaptogen used in Traditional Chinese medicine. It is reputed to help the immune  and cardiovascular systems as well as being a powerful anti-inflammatory. This powder comes in a small, resealable pouch. The powder is clean, vegan, gluten and GMO free. It has a distinctive earthy flavor that is easily masked by combining wth smoothies, juice or other foods. While I can't point to any specific benefit I generally feel better when I am taking it than when I am not. I have not experienced any negative side effects but if you are taking any medication especially immunosuppressants or lithium consult your physician. I am satisfied with this product. Seems pure and blends well.
Well one size will fit most skinny people. I doubt thesewill accomodate plus sizes or curvy figures. That being said they are nicely made. The waist band is wide and textured. The insides are soft fleece while the exterior is smooth. They do stretch but not far. They are form fitting but comfortable. Instructions say to hand wash. Not in this lifetime. I laundered in a lingerie bag in cold water on the gentle cycle. Turned out fine.
This gel is terrific. I inadvertently got a serious sunburn on my back. I was at an outdoor function. The sun must have been stronger than I realized because it penetrated my shirt. Probably the worst burn I've ever gotten. this provided almost immediate relief. The aloe is soothing and healing. The menthol is cooling. It does have a strong minty fragrance, almost like a supercharged mouthwash. I wish it was either unscented or lighter. But the bottom line is it provides pain relief quickly and stimulates healing. Great stuff.
This is a terrific petroleum jelly. Scentless it applies smoothly and performs as expected. Can't tell the difference between these and the name brand. The four pack is both convenient and economical Good deal.
A serious bout of food poisoning left my digestive system super sensitive. I found relief by regular supplementation of probioitics and digestive enzymes. This probiotic is made by a reliable company. Dosage is one a day. The capsules are easy to swallow. I have suffered no ill effects from use. Ultimately my digestive system will let me know if something does not agree and so far this supplement has maintained a healthy state. works for me.
This baby oil has a light sweet coconut fragrance. Made from soybean oil, coconut oil, lecithin, vitamins E and C and fragrance, it applies easily and absorbs quickly.. The pump dispenser works flawlessly. It is very gentle and no negative side effects were experienced. The scent is fresh and does not overpower. The oil leaves skin soft and supple.  It is free of mineral oil, parabens, phthalates, dyes, and, formaldehyde. The directions describe this as a massage oil but it functions pretty much like any baby oil. It is appropriate for babies of all ages.
Although normally associated with men's health issues, especially those prostate related, pumpkin seed oil is a great supplement for both sexes. In addition to supporting the bladder and urinary tract, it is heart protective. It has powerful anti-inflammatory properties and is frequently used as an anti-parasitic. It helps with insomnia and depression.These capsules by Natures Bounty are fairly large but I had no difficulty swallowing them and experienced no unpleasant side effects. They are somewhat diuretic but I find that they do help me get a good night's sleep. My mother has sever arthritis and reported these eased her pain and stiffness. I take these as a preventative and am satisfied with this product.
Tart cherries are credited with easing inflammation, accelerating muscle recovery, and  easing insomnia. I much prefer nutriceuticals to pharmaceuticals. These capsules are easy to swallow and the user is to take up to three a day with meals. I have been taking them and can't say I've noticed any impact, good or bad. However my mother, who suffers from arthritis, and my brother, who has a chronic knee problem, both reported noticeable improvement. They have been taking one capsule a day. My brother now forgoes his Advil for this supplement. Tart cherry juice is an expensive, acquired taste. These capsules are a cost effective way to reap the benefits of tart cherry without fuss or muss.
I was informed that DGL Licorice would be helpful for acid reflux.  It did not work for me.
This is a lovely, small pendant that is very well done.The detailing is clear and the bale is large enough to accommodate most average chains.It's very comfortable to wear; you hardly know it's there and have to keep checking to make sure it IS still there.On religious jewelry, I personally prefer a solid back; this has a hollowed out back. But the pendant has been finished off well and is quite attractive.
So at times it doesn't take a reading but I have found it accurate now after a few days in a row of confirmed ketosis. Sometimes you just have to wait and try the reading again, but I think for the price, it is a good deal!
I am sold on the Quell.
Works and fits great love the toe freedom as I hate wearing socks to bed. I can wear these to bed
Great case! You won't be disappointed!
I like them but the frames are a little too Thick for me...
Had a glass shower and it works well to remove water from walls
I ordered this brand when I couldn't get my regular brand which I still prefer but this was an OK substitute.
This is so easy to use! It took me all of 2 seconds (if that) to check my temperature after reading the instructions. There is a quick start instruction sheet and then the full instruction and care booklet. You can check the ambient temperature of the room, as well as check your temperature via the forehead or the ear canal. I checked both and the reads were really close to the same temperature, and both so easy to accomplish. Being digital is a big plus as well.It comes in a velvet bag for storage, and cleaning instructions are very easy, with no chemicals or alcohol necessary, just a wet cloth. I always have to use alcohol to wipe down my mouth thermometer, so that no germs are transferred. But this one doesn't touch saliva, so the concern of sharing sickness is minimal.I HIGHLY recommend this product.
I love this cleaner. It sits on everything- soap scum, gross grout (although probably not to be used for grout) it cleans the tough stuff! I love it.
I love this! It works well and smells nice. I practice hot yoga so this cleaner is a must!
Oh how this has helped me! I was running and even walking longer distances and getting serious blisters on the bottom of my feet. Before I resorted to duct tape I wanted to try anything else and I read about this. So far it has helped and I haven’t had blisters yet. Fingers crossed it continues to help so I don’t keep getting blisters on the bottom of my feet!!
I have this a one star only because it didn’t catch all my sweat and I must have a weirdly shaped head because it never stayed on. I do think this a good concept just didn’t work for me.
I will get one every year!
so I started using this Benecol today.  I will post update on my numbers in a few weeks.BTW:  GREAT packing.  Arrived well packed in a small cooler with cold packs, despite the temperature outside being in the 50s.  Appreciate the thoughtful packing.
Great price & perfect for upcoming hiking trip
I use this every day,if your into Ayurvedic lifestyle this is a must.
Sorry but NOT the best cleaner. Leaves mat with a film that I can’t get rid of without running a hose on my mat or putting it in the shower. Does not work as advertised. Seems to be a little t of false advertising these days on Amazon.
These are my favorite dryer sheets, hard to find in stores, so thanks to Amazon I can get these. The scent is fabulous when I lived in a HOA my neighbors would make a point to ask what I use LOL, yeah too close for comfort. The scent will last for awhile, I like to add these to my closets and dresser chests.
Like this hard-to-find mouthwash so much. Leaves mouth feeling fresh and clean. Tart taste. Just right, though
Good size, and comfortable. However, suction cups dont hold well to tub or tiles even after wetting them before attempting to apply to flat surface.
I'm losing my vision and I hope this helps slow the process.
These are great and make brushing easier.  Dog can't bite me now.  She likes the smaller brush as well.
BEST stain remover EVER!
Was as expected when recived.Id buy from this seller again
product arrived on time as promised. I have been using this omega-3 supplement for about 6 months. The supplement has no taste or fishy after-taste. I noticed that it helped my cholesterol levels stay at a healthy number and I will continue to use this as long as I can continue to afford the price. I would highly recommend this product.
The soap, the box it comes in, and the package it was shipped in were all covered in flakes of soap. The box was falling apart. I had to put the bars in ziplock bags to store it. I certainly wouldn’t gift it to anyone! I don’t know if it is normal for it to be covered in the flakes or not, but it certainly wasn’t what I thought I would get.
Works as advertised on tight and knotted muscles; very pleased.I haven’t experienced the problem with this airtight packaging that other posters have described.  🤞I won’t.
This thing is horrible. The bottom surface is very hard and lumpy. Its like walking in the driveway and stepping on rocks. Yuck. It has hard plastic rollers that feel awful.  I took them off but there is  hard plastic posts left. Bad design.
Very nice size, vibrant colors.
I needed a strap for my son who wears glasses and has hearing aids. Something that would allow him to easily pull his mask up and down without pulling off his hearing aids. The strap connects to the mask and fits nicely around the back of the neck. Which means one less thing behind my son's ears. These straps were super easy to attach to the mask. They adjust easily and the quantity ensures I have plenty in case some are lost. They also wash up well in case I forget to detatch them from the cloth mask during washing. I highly recommend these straps for those who struggle with straps behind the ears.
I like that it has a backlight for easy reading. It is also quite accurate.
It feels nice. Looks pretty. Affordable. Does it feel work? I don’t know!
I purchased these to help massage oils onto my dry scalp. I felt like my finger tips alone was not doing the trick. I feel like this helps massage the oils onto my scalp. I also use it when using my tea tree shampoo.
I just received my L-Glutamine yesterday so I've only used it once but I'm raving about it already.  I have a very sensitive stomach that is constantly inflamed.  I have recently gone off sugar and flour and that helps some.  But when I took my dose of L-Glutamine yesterday, my stomach was INSTANTLY SOOTHED.  I've never felt that before.  It didn't last all day but that was my first dose.  Even if I can get relief short term, I'm loving it.  My hope is that it will eventually help my stomach heal.
I loved the Swarovski crystals.  It was fun to have so much bling on my ears.  The adhesive didn't stick well in areas on a ridge.  Also, on each ear one of the crystals moved to the point of revealing the gold pellet underneath.  I didn't mind, they still looked pretty.  Be aware that some people, such as myself, react poorly to gold.  I won't be able to use these for myself again, and the crystal styles currently only come with gold plated pellets.
i cleaned all the markers that my little people did and it take a little elbow work but it works your walls and my side table in the kitchen is back to normal smells great it dont agitates my sinuses i need to get a huge tub of this stuff shines stainless steel to a sparkle on my sink just goobles up the water mineral buildup never using other stuff after this now i dont have to sand down my walls because of marker marks hope this helps someone out get this box first comes with a two different scrubbier and start getting the same stuff after that no disappointment
Got this for my granddaughter. She received it and was very happy with it.
I do my own nail tips and I would recommend this product.
they do not stay on
I have been fermenting my own vegetables for some time now. I have tried various methods and recipes. I would not consider making fermented vegetables without this product.I use 1 tablespoon of Himalayan Pink Salt per head of cabbage, 1 packet of Body Ecology Vegetable Starter, 1 rounded teaspoon of organic honey (locally purchased from our bee-keeper).  I put these ingredients into my Vita Mix with some of the vegetables and I pulverize it using pure Alkaline water. I then put the brine on the shredded vegetables and stir well. I add additional water if needed. I use different amounts of salt but not on the other ingredients. Just one packet of starter, etc. is enough.I then pack the vegetables into a German crock (purchased here on Amazon) and I pack them down using a potato masher.  When the pot is packed, I add whole cabbage leaves to place on top to keep small pieces of vegetables from floating. I add the stones that came with the Crock on top of the leaves. I push them down with the potato masher and make sure that the water rises above the stones.I then leave this for 7 days at room temperature.  When fermented, I place the vegetables in mason jars and store in my refrigerator. I eat these vegetables daily. I like them with scrambled eggs for breakfast or a nice piece of meat for dinner as a side dish.I am always making fermented vegetables. My favorite is organic green cabbage and carrots. But you can use almost any vegetable and add red pepper and garlic if desired. The choice is yours. My crock pot is always in use.I have read the Body Ecology book which I would also recommend to anyone interested in the health benefits from fermented foods.I have tried other starters, but I like Body Ecology Culture Starter the very best. By using a starter, I KNOW that the friendly bacteria is in my vegetables. This culture contains lactococcus species, leuconostoc species and lactobacillus species.  You get a lot of the right type of friendly bacteria for your colon, immune system and general health.
Lovely, I ordered it because it reminds me of those Tibetan Temple wheels.
Stays in place but doesn't conform to the eye, nose, and cheek area so a bit of light comes in.  I do wear it though just to change up from my other sleep mask.
was way too big for RV seat, made it look sloppy and uncomfortable
Worked great, instant results
Great item. Good price. Fast ship
loved the variety
I love these files
I love these sponges!!! tip...cut them in half and they last twice as long. I don't use any other sponges anymore
Very nice and comfortable mask
I ENJOY IT.  NOT MUCH DIFFERENCE IN THE SETTINGS BUT IT WORKS VERY WELL AS SOON AS YOU GET USED TO ITS POWER
Really like these glucose tablets, they taste good and they increase my sugar pretty fast.
I really like these wash cloths. Whenever my aide does not come to give me a shower, I use these and they are wonderful. They have a nice smell to them and they warm up nicely.
I use these to give my cat a baby aspirin every three days for his hear murmur.  He spits the tablets out, so I crush them and add a little water.  So, I use this to help him take the liquid.  Just have to be careful and easy because it could go down the wrong way.  We can control the flow with this more easily.
Very good product.  Tastes great!
Good product
Always running out of these. Now have ample supply to keep a box in almost every room.
Great quality. . .Grade: A
Tyey releived my heel pain - even walkingstanding for hours- I've tried several other products- These not only helped the pain it help with the padding- the swelling in my heels- I highly recommend- Pricy-I bought two sets-- but worth the releif-
Great bag for the money durable. I highly reccomend
I have allergies and it is great
Ok wish I would have ordered a prebiotic with a probiotic
Wasn't sure if I was going to like this or even if it was going to work but I'm surprised! And pleasantly. Charging it with a USB takes a couple of hours and then  you just push the button to the on position and push on the handle, and you can light your candles and everything else. Just a tip .. At 1st I thought it didn't work because I wasn't pushing the button-down after sliding it on like you would a normal lighter but after you slide it to the on position you have to push that button to get it to light . Love it! And it will save me money on having to buy long lighters.
I finally have to admit that I'm getting older and my feet hurt. When I wear boots in particular,  after a couple of hours in I have to take them off or sit down because the balls of my feet will burn and it's just uncomfortable.I have some knee damage and I broke my foot a few years ago so these days even more than before, I am aware of how uncomfortable feet affect my mood,  my posture and my balance.When you are not walking straight and even late  it can affect your hip and lower back as well . These insoles are an absolute godsend. In my pictures you'll see how much thicker they are near the balls of the feet than the ones you get at the store,  or even the custom ones I had made at a local store. Nothing beats these for comfort. The gel is thick and distributes evenly in such a way that I feel like I'm wearing my slippers all day. I live in South Texas, where boots are an absolute staple, in the summer or winter, and these insoles have made such a difference!You will have to cut them down to size just like with most insoles that you buy at the store,  and since they are thicker than any others I have ever bought, I do need to wear thinner socks. But since boots (western ones, in particular) tend to be a little roomier,  these insoles work perfectly with them.I don't know what negative ion technology is but I really don't need to know the details. All I need to know is that these will stay in my boots and I will replace them every six months as recommended because I've never been more comfortable in my boots! After wearing them the first day, my daughter borrowed them from me and put them in her shoes because she was planning on a long day at school and work. She too was amazed...at 23 years old she has discovered that gel insoles are not just for old ladies like her mom. :)I never thought I'd be sitting here riding along review about my feet come on my boots or insoles, but here I am raving about my latest discovery! I can definitely recommend this to anyone.
I love bath bombs as long as they dissolve completely and have fresh scents. These fit the bill! Both the Euphoria and the Citrus are great for  relaxing and getting your mojo back after a long week. I like Friday night baths, instead of showers, to invigorate me for the weekend, and these have fresh natural oils and scents, not chemical or overly sweet fragrances nd perfumes. There is no grit at the bottom of the tub that you are sitting in as they dissolve completely (again, a big issue for me) so the company gets props for an amazing product. Also good for gift giving as they are packaged in a nice box.I received these bath bombs at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I really do love this set!
I realize I am getting older as I find myself needing toe separators and arch inserts or gel liners in my shoes. I am not too vain to buy them though, or to admit that I need them. There's more pep in my step when I do use them, and this comes with several sets in  box, so it saves me a trip to the pharmacy to buy something similar and these work better. They're also well made, thick gel  and in the long run, work better than those simple ones that go between your big toe and the next one.You just slip them in between your toes and throw on your tennies or Toms or whatever. No one needs to know and I find myself walking longer and at a much better pace with a lot less pain!I wore high heels for decades and I am definitely paying the price for it now that I am in my fifties. All those years of wearing shoes that were so fashionable but crammed my toes together and did not give me good back support, well that's all catching up with me and as bunions have appeared, I have found the need for toe separators. Don't be too vain to allow yourself absolute comfort. Go ahead and get these and you will not be disappointed.I was one of those lucky people that was able to get these toe separators at a super low discounted  price in exchange for my honest review and opinion. At first I balked at the idea,  but now realized what a great idea it was and what a great product this is.
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.  THE CATS SEEM TO BE ATTRACTED TO IT
We need alcohol pads and these where a great price for the same item that we had purchased before in smaller volume.  FAST delivery
I think I can see a difference but maybe I don't see a great difference. I am only using it now because I paid for it and don't want wasted money.  Guess my morning routine is busy enough
Great mat to help protect surfaces from heat damage. I usually set my curling iron to around 400 degrees and the mat shows no signs of damage what so ever. I should have bought one of these years ago. Its flexible so it can be rolled up and stored away until you need it.
Ordered wrong kind. Didn't work as prescribed use was to be.
I use this everyday. So good.
This is good. I keep it on my desk and chew it to get rid of coffee breath. Ha.
It’s not gourmet but it serves a purpose. If I have to serve this I add tomatoes or chopped broccoli so it is a bit healthier and it goes further.
uncomfortable. I wish I kept the box so I could return it. yuck. I fell off my chair twice when this monster was on it.
The cloth liner didn't even make it through one house cleaning
My daughter-in-law loved this present especially the part where it came with earplugs in order to relax and enjoy it
Not made very well for something supposed to be used for medical use. But it serves the purpose.  So we will keep it. Use it as side table for new bed that has lifting base.
Was great but some of the letters did not have a valve to put air in, so we could not blow up!!
I bought these for my daughter and her family. I put their names in between the designs and it turned out so cute. My son in law, 2 granddaughters and my daughter wore their Christmas hats all day on Christmas day. They loved them. They are so different from the usual red Christmas hats with the white trimming. I had bought them another set but they liked these better. I bought the lettering from Amazon too. SO CUTE. Wish I knew how to take and photo and download to the section to add photos.
I am not going to be ugly - but this was the worse 9.00 I have spent and that is all I have to say about it.
My lips have never been in such a good condition. No more lines and peeling. I just can't say enough about this product. It's like silk on your lips! But, most of all it works!!!!
Great cleaner and the cloths are a nice size and work well.  I did purchase extra cloths to be able to have one in my purse and one at work.  Also if one gets dirty I can just grab a new one to replace it.  The small bottle is handy to carry in my purse.  Happy with this purchase.
I bought this to try on nerve pain, particularly sciatic nerve pain. It has a nice creamy, moisturizing feel and is easily blendedabsorbed by the skin. Not a bad product, but in this application for this person it is not working to soothe the pain. We've used it over several weeks and it isn't dulling the nerve pain as well as a soaking bath with magnesium salts does in this case. Tried it for muscular pain and it seems to do ok. For the price, for our needs; I would buy magnesium salts and soak in the tub instead. Great shippingfulfillment of the order; seller is great.
I got it just for the cute carrying case
Good product. Seems like it will work with creams.
I always hate this.  A bottle should be at least a months amount. This is only 20 days worth - 60 tablets with a 3 per day serving.  They also give me fishy burps after taking them.  And they are horse pills, so hard to swallow for me.Other than that, there is nothing wrong with these.  It is good to take omega 3 oils for your heart.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this as I usually take pills for my B12.  The taste is good.  My only real complaint is a dropperful is supposed to be 1mL, but I have yet to be able to get the full 1mL in the dropper.  The most I can get it to go is to .75mL.
I was making a leather folio cover for my brother and accidentally scratched it.  This stuff took off the scratches and make it look great.  Did not remove the dye or anything, just made it look good.
If you remember that coconut milk is a watery liquid, you have to change your expectations for this product.  It advertises to use it in coffee as a creamer substitute.  It just isn't as good as almond milk.  Or really real milk or cream.  I'm trying to use less animal products, but it can be difficult when the substitutes are just not the right consistency.  And I drink strong coffee.It does have a nice coconut flavor. I think if you think of it as a way to have coconut milk without keeping coconut milk around, it is very usable.  Kind of like nonfat dried milk.  Good to use in recipes.  Maybe smoothies?  But not as coffee creamer.
I put in my morning drinks or smoothies.
Fit true to size.great quality. Comfortable. Non fading. Good price.goid timing. BUT after wearing 4 times started to see holes in leg area disappointed.
Unfortunately, these didn't work, and I returned them. First, if you have a larger roll of paper, they're not large enough to fit around the roll.Second, the cutter wrinkles and tears the paper instead of delivering a clean cut.
My cat is now a senior cat and, like everyone I suppose, has an increasing amount of health problems and risk.  My vet said that her kidney values are elevated and although not quite 'chronic kidney disease', she has the potential to develop that over the next few years.  The vet recommended this rehmannia eight as an alternative therapy to try.I have to say that my cat is usually very picky with what she eats and i was wary whether she would like this.  Fortunately for me, my cat thinks this is dessert and as I sprinkle it on her food, she makes it a point to eat the kibble with the r-eight drops on it first.I've noticed that shortly after she started taking rehmannia eight (within a few weeks) her fur coat was a lot softer and she actually seemed to be younger (even more energetic than she usually is and happier seeming).  Or maybe this is all in my head as a huge cat lover...Fast forward a year and my cat still loves this rehmannia eight on a twice daily basis (5 drops a meal).  Her kidney values are still on the high side but she's managed to stave off chronic kidney disease for this long so I'll continue.
it takes a few weeks to receive this product, but they are great glasses.
I had been using Emjoi battery operated micro unit for years. Had tried others but they don’t come anywhere this company’s products. When I saw this was available, I couldn’t wait to order! Quick, efficient, and does just as prescribed. One of my favorite purchases!
My mom absolute love these. These were the only ones that would not slide off her nose.
If you live alone or need a gift for someone who does, this is it. It is 2 pieces that snap together to make a sturdy hard plastic tool to use pressure to relieve pain. And it works! Used with very gentle stretching exercises if you can, until mobility is restored.. I love this thing. I am over 400 lbs and it still works on me. More people should know about this. Do Yoga? Exercise? Nurse? You NEED this.. eventually, you will and will be glad you have it. I had constant pain under a shoulder blade. There is a muscle that can go out of place and get stuck. Very painful. With the right researched exercises (and self-diagnosis) this was healed in 2 weeks after MONTHS of suffering. (See your Doctor if you can, I couldn't)
Works well, it is sturdy and it nice and compact size.  Would recommend.
I thought this was a great idea, but it just ended up being a hassle. The seat part of is just loose fabric; I thought it looked like it had some stability on the sides in the photos, but it doesn't. It get incredibly heavy when wet, so it's not easy to hang as it feels like it's going to break off the hook.
I use it in the shower and like it a lot.  My husband is letting me use it for awhile to see if it holds up.  If it does he will get his own.  ****Update**  I purchased another and both died before a year.  Just stopped working without any warning at all.  When it worked they worked great but they die early.  Disappointed
Have not recieved this item yet but I love these batteries.  They don't last as long as other batteries but it is worth recharging them when needed.
Why take a product that is so simple to use and complicate it so much? I followed the directions and could not get it to heat up. It might work great, but, I don't have the patience to figure it out, so am returning it.
The spouts are different than the ones i. The photo.It is mildly disappointing.
Did nothing not sharp like the professional ones.
crap product.  does not stay up.  Cheaply made too expensive for the low quality.  Like a dollar store item.  Took forever to receive.  Not even worth the hassle to return. Lesson learned.
We are on our way to Maui and I'm so glad we have our wrap-a-naps. It will make a LONG flight so much more comfortable. I bought them for my whole family a few years ago for Christmas and they were the best purchase I have made in a long time.
everybody has different tastes me personally didn't like it because it is too sweet for me.
This is something I have been adding to my smoothies, and in that situation, the flavor works fine. I don’t like the taste well enough to just mix with milk, but in my vanilla yogurt, frozen blackberries, splash of apple juice smoothies, it is just fine.As far as pain relief, I haven’t noticed any at all. I have an autoimmune arthritis, which the reason I tried this, but haven’t had any reduction in pain. This probably takes time to work, like glucosamine does. I intend to keep using it and will update.
I was so-so with this product.  I was thinking it was OK, if you wanted to spend the money.  Then I fell.  A stupid fall, no need to explain.  With 60 as my next birthday, I was in some severe pain.  I thought......Copper calf compression sleeves.....why?  Well, I totally wiped out my right calf....not in the back, but the front.  I fell duh.  I am now a convert.  There is nothing greater than copper sleeves.  I now have elbow, and hand gloves.  This company rocks it cool.
Works well enough. I bought it so I won't annoy my wife when I vape in her car. Wife not annoyed. Daddy very happy. Winning!
No influences were found.
110 volts from the electrical network is supplied to the product's plastic bowl filled with water. Personally, I am afraid to immerse my legs in such a product.
I don't have an issue with straps around my ears.  However, I was hoping that these extenders would make it easier for me to take my mask on and off, allowing it to hang from my neck when needed.  Unfortunately, these were not really good for that purpose.  I found it hard to adjust the mask straps over the small nibs of the extender.  Once I did get the straps in place, there is nothing to keep them there!  I found that the extender kept shifting and the straps of the mask fell off.  I can't use these how I wanted to and and I wouldn't recommend them.
I wanted to try these brackets both to create more space for breathing while wearing a mask and also to prevent my makeup from getting on the mask.  Unfortunately, I found these a little tricky to use.  They are kind of bulky--you can see them poking out of the top of my mask, plus you can see the bumps and ridges under the mask, which looks a bit weird.  But despite their bulkiness, they were also a little small for my face shape, as they kept slipping off my nose.  And they didn't make it easier to talk, as they moved even more with speaking.  I might use these for certain situations, but overall, I wouldn't recommend them.
I have used styling products my whole life but only started using a flat iron a few years ago.  I like that one and yet thought there might be something better, especially since I've been using the flat iron for both straightening and light waves of late.I love the sleek, all black look of this iron.  It's a little smallerslimmer than my old one, and it has a nice long swivel cord.  It heats up super-quickly as promised, and the auto shutoff is a nice feature.  Unfortunately, the coloring of the temperature display makes it very difficult to read the numbers, especially as I am getting ready in the morning without my reading glasses.  (Note: you will have to press both the power button and the temp button at the same time to switch the temperature reading from C to F.)For straightening my hair, I found that the iron generally performed well.  I didn't really see any different between the floating plates of this iron and my old iron, but still, the iron worked well for my fine hair.  I had more trouble using this iron to create waves.  The sleek black case is aesthetically pleasing but has no real tractiongrip, making it hard to twirl the iron for curling.  Although there are small grips at the end of the iron, these aren't tapered and don't work well at all.  Adding to the challenge is that the plates go all the way to the end, so when gripping the tips and trying to turn the iron, I burned myself several times.If you plan to use this iron for straightening only, it may work for you, but if you are looking for a more versatile styling product, I would not recommend this iron.
This is a great 3-pack of reading glasses.  I love that they come protective fabric cases (a neoprene-type material), as these are much more compact for storagetravel than bulky hard cases.  I also love that the frames are full-sized, so they work well for activities such as using a computer screen--I am wearing a pair for this purpose right now!  The frames are also thin and lightweight, but they are attractive in a simple way.  They set includes three different translucent frame colors.  All-in-all I am very happy with these and definitely would recommend!
This DVD, which bills itself as a "30 day body transformation," basically offers strength training exercises plus cardio and nutritional tips.  It features two brothers, Craig and Matt Lewandowski, who present the information as well as the workout.  According to their Flabs 2 Abs web site, "learning doesn't have to be boring," so the Lewandowski brothers provide their advice with humor--for example, they are wearing chef's hats during the "Nutrition" segment.The Main Menu for this DVD reads as follows:  Introduction--Nutrition--Cardio--Weight TrainingThe Introduction is a quick (&lt;1 minute) overview in which Craig and Matt explain that viewers will see results in just 30 days.  Cardio is also a short segment (1.5 minutes), as it consists solely of the brothers explaining that high intensity cardio is not necessary for their program.  Rather, they maintain that the "secret" to fat loss is low intensity cardio performed at a comfortable pace; they recommend 20 minutes in the morning and again in the evening to start.Nutrition has its own submenu consisting of Introduction--Nutrition--Examples.  During the 5.5 minute Nutrition segment Craig and Matt outline their nutritional plan, which includes the following components:*5 meals per day*protein at all 5 meals*whole grain carbohydrates at first 4 meals*vegetables at every meal are okay, but watch serving sizes and no starches*fats limited to 1 serving of "good" fat per meal*both fruit and dairy limited to 1 serving per day; may need to be less*NO sugar, trans fat, empty carbs, or alcoholThe Weight Training also has its own submenu.  During the Introduction, Craig and Matt explain that there are 6 different muscle groups (although there area actually SEVEN, including abs), with the goal of working a different muscle group on each of six days and then resting on day seven.  I have listed each of the muscle groups as they appear on the submenu below; I have added in approximate times as well as a list of the exercises included in that segment.NOTE:  For each muscle group, the two brothers are performing the exercises to music, but there is NO verbal instruction.  In addition, quite a bit of equipment is required for these exercises, including a weight bench, several sets of dumbbells, and a pull-up bar.  With the exception of the Abs exercises, 8-10 reps are usually performed of each exercise, with 30 second rest periods in-between sets.ABS (7 minutes)10-20 reps of each exercise.  Bicylces - Ins & Outs - Frankensteins - Scissors - V-ups - Pulse-ups - Touch Dem Toes - Miss THANG - Macho ManCHEST (7 minutes)Push-ups - Incline press - Incline flies - 2nd set of allSHOULDERS (10 minutes)Warm-up shoulder press - Shoulder press - Side laterals - Front dumbbell raise - Front shoulder press - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BICEPS (12 minutes)Warm-up curls - Curls - Hammer curls - Wide curls - Twenty ones - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)TRICEPS (5.5 minutes)Warm-up tricep overhead extension - Tricep overhead extension - Skull crushers - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BACK (16.5 minutes)Pull-ups - Standing rows - Wide pull-ups - Lawn mowers - Chin-ups - Dumbbell dead lifts - Multi-grip pull-ups - 2nd set of allLEGS (12.5)Warm-up squats - lunges - squats - calf raises - invisible wall squat - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)The final section off of the Main Menu, Extras, includes Tips--Keeping It Off--Examples--Outtakes.Although the Lewandowski brothers make an effort to be funny and engaging in this DVD, to me, they came across as goofy and downright silly at times.  Some men might enjoy their antics, but I simply cannot see these two appealing to a female audience.  In fact, this entire DVD clearly seems more geared to men, from the weight loss success stories shown during the Introduction to the majority of the examples give.  Plus, the exercises themselves place the most emphasis on the areas on which men tend to prefer to focus, including the back and biceps.  Male exercisers looking for a no-nonsense overall diet and exercise approach may appreciate the relative straight-forwardness of this DVD, but I think that the appeal to others is likely to be quite limited, and for that reason, my final rating is 2 12 stars.
These are reasonably comfortable but the padding is too thin. They feel cheap from the start and the padding compresses immediately, so you don’t get much benefit. The padding is stitched to the mesh i  two places, but even though I folded it in thirds to make it thicker, it still didn’t help protect my elbow. Would have helped to have a hard shell on the outside. So these were a fail for me and I’m still looking for something better.
I get hives after eating some foods, but these capsules take care of them quickly. I wish the company offered larger quantity bottles.
My ice strap is for my back & it came with these small thin packs that look like those kids popsicles, most of them after about a years use busted & leaked. These are much thicker & hold their freeze point muuuuch longer. Great buy!
They work great. They're ear plugs. I got tired of using balled up Kleenex. The only issue is the vibration noise of the cord traveling into the ear canal when it moves around while trying to study.  I have used a pair of foam plugs from work that have a plastic cord and it's quieter.I like these, tho. I take the cord off to study for school. Doesn't matter as much if I'm doing yardwork or in a high noise environment.
I'm very picky about buying barley grass juice powder. I drink it nearly every morning, first thing by itself in 6 ounces of R O water. I have found I really do feel much better physically when consuming this on a regular basis. I have a favorite brand and for some reason it has not been available for the last couple months and then I ran completely out of it while waiting. So after much research I decided to try Synergy's brand. I'm very happy with the quality and taste and of course the results I notice. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a quality product. It's a reasonable price too.
Easy installation.  Definitely improved grip on slippery surfaces with my dress shoes. Wish darker colors were available for mens shoe bottoms.
This was for a family member. He asked for more so that must mean he is happy.
Nice products that fit the mop well and pick up dust well with the help of a little dust mop spray--especially the terrycloth.  The first order was delivered to the wrong door, and mop heads were stolen from box. Replacement re-order was quick and easy.
The manual says that you can change the display to fahrenheit, but no matter what I did it stayed in celsius. I would set it at the hottest setting, and it still wasn't as hot as the Revlon it was replacing that used to heat to 410 (before it died). I liked the lock setting and it was comfortable in your hand, but had to return it due to the heat issue.
My family constantly has problems with ear wax build up. It seems like I'm constantly cleaning them. I got this product in hopes of making it a little less scary than scooping it out. It does an okay job.  I think I need to work with it more to figure it out.  Bottle worked as advertised.
These were hideous. I tried to pawn them off and no one likes them. It ended up being a food we tricked people to eat as a joke.
This used to be my go to bar for breakfast since I have multiple allergies. Easy two boxes a month. My December order has the &#34;new&#34; formula (not stated that it was &#34;improved&#34; in any way) that after one bite gave me major gi distress and made me vomit. I knew by taste there was a nut in it that I could not have and sure enough, it has hazelnut extract in it. I am so bummed.
Glad to have something soothing to drink when my IBS flares up. I drink this or bone broth on days where my stomach decides to rebel and the thought of food is revolting.
love them
There are some good things and less good about this, but the review comes with the caveat that sleep preferences are so individual that it's tough to say how much one's view should hold for someone else. But that said:1) Size:  the footprint is nice. It doesn't take up a lot of space; I'd call it medium size maybe leaning toward small. I've definitely seen many that were bigger, so you don't need a lot of space to use this2) lighting:  I'd prefer a dimmer light personally, thought the breath function and colors are nice. If you have this right near the bed, it's a bit too bright I'd say, but if it's obstructed or you're  not facing it than it isn't bad at all.3) volume:  volume control is good--I'm not sure why you'd want it loud (I guess if you have a lot of street noise), but it can get a decent volume on it4) sounds:  this was the more problematic issue for us. We just didn't find many of the sounds pleasurable or soothing. Some would have soothing parts, but then a loud surge of sound would appear, which would seem to defeat the purpose. We've heard others that were just more tranquil, soothing. some of that can be somewhat ameliorated by the volume control obviously, but still wasn't what we were expecting. There are a good number and variety, but honestly we'd only use 3, possibly 4. On the other hand, if you're looking for "drown-out" sound, you might find that less of an issue5) timer is good and works well. Never understood ones that came without them, so this is a good, I'd say required, touchIt's a useful, solid product, but not quite as all-around useful as its numbers of lightssounds might indicate. At least for us.  No concerns over quality--feels well constructed and responsive
I recently broke my left fibula and bought this to be able to put my shoes on and it's one of the best Amazon purchases I ever made. I love how it is adjustable and it works perfectly. Then I twisted my right knee and had to get this back out. Now I keep it on a hook in a designated place because it's that valuable to me now!
This pain relief cream from the appropriately named "Dr. Paine" didn't work that well for me. There is a slight menthol scent and the lotion is absorbed quickly without leaving much residue, which is a good thing. However, it seems ineffective for strong back pain. For some reason I associate strong smelling creams with higher potency - since this one is mild, it doesn't seem to have much impact. The positive thing is that you can apply the cream and go out without someone noticing a strong scent. However, I prefer Ben Gay for providing stronger pain relief. This one is just Meh.
I have occasional bleeding from my gums thanks to small periodontal pockets between my teeth that, thanks to my dentist, have stopped getting bigger. I ordered this thinking it would be good for emergencies when I accidentally hurt my gum and that it would stop the bleeding.Well, I did have a piece of food stuck in one of the pockets last night and got it out with a pick - however it caused it to bleed. I remembered I had this tube and massaged a little of the gel into the gum area. However, I looked at the tube and there were no precise instructions on what to do once you massage the gum area. Do you leave it on overnight? Do you wait 10 minutes and then brush? All it has is a small picture of the gel being put on the toothbrush. So is it to be used like toothpaste?Confusing, unclear, and my gums cleared up on their own without this "gel". You'd do better to just boil salt water and gargle your gum area. Poor instructions - I will never order this again.
This Hatteker Mens Electric Shaver is the perfect travel companion - compact and lightweight, it will fit snugly in any carry-on luggage or a weekend bag. The accessories include a charger and a small cleaning brush. The circular design is really cool and functional for travel. I probably wouldn't use it for everyday home use, mostly because its small size would get lost on my sink counter, but it provides a crisp shave with low noise. It's a fun travel buddy to have around.
This is an interesting product - the instructions make it seem complicated because you're supposed to rinse your mouth out with the toothpaste foam first, before adding it to a toothbrush and then brushing. I'm not sure why you need to put it in your mouth twice - there is no explanation for this other than it helps use up the foam faster, which means you'll have to buy a new one before long.I just ignore this step and spray the foam directly onto the brush and then brush. It has a pleasant taste. It did whiten my tea-stained teeth a little.Now, there is no fluoride in this toothpaste, so it doesn't take care of gingivitis or plaque. All it has is baking soda. As a result, I will use this as a supplement to my usual Colgate Total. Overall it's a good product but I can't use it by itself because of the lack of fluoride, which prevents cavities.
This is a peanut-shaped, compact massager that seems made for travel. It includes a car charger, so it's clearly meant for taking on a trip. It is not cordless and has to be plugged in. There are only two buttons on the side - one to turn on and off (and add heat), and another to do forward or reverse.PROS*Small and easy to take with you.*It's designed for your back but I found it more effective for your feet - this is a great foot massager!! If you are a big person, this will be too small for you - it's made for people with relatively narrow backs. However, thanks to its small size, it's easy to place on the floor and have it massage your feet.CONS*The heat function works but takes a while to heat it up. This was not mentioned in the instructions.*The mesh is already fraying a little.*There's no storage bag*The elastic strap is too tight for attaching to a chairOverall pleased with it. I have sore feet so it works for me.
This set is compact and comes with a bunch of healing crystal stones in an orange box. You get a couple of stones which have been polished into the shape of hearts, which makes it a nice Valentine's Day type of thing. It comes with a stone bracelet and a small "tree" made out of wire and stones.It's decent quality, but then you can't go wrong with stones. The reason I'm giving it a lesser rating is because the box is marked "Thank You" which severely limits its usefulness as a gift. The "thank you" makes it sound like the gift is a customer appreciation gift, thus a freebie or giveaway. I suppose you could also use it to thank someone, but the poor quality printing on the box has a cheesy quality that makes me think it's cheap, and I wouldn't want to gift it to someone like this.However, you could transfer the items into a nicer gift box with better English. So for the items themselves, the quality is decent but the box is meh.
I have trouble sleeping and magnesium seems to help. This package of individually packaged doses makes it easy to consume magnesium in a liquid versus tablet or capsule form. It has the potential to be more potent as it gets into your bloodstream more quickly. I also like the taste (a bit sweet).While I appreciate the convenience of having each dose pre-measured for me, the doses come in these small plastic vials. To get out the entire liquid, I found myself biting down on the plastic vial itself as if it were candy (and indeed, these vials remind me of the candy soda pop vials that kids swilled (by biting off the wax top and then drinking the sugary liquid inside). It's kind of wasteful but I can't deny they're convenient.Great for travel but not great for the environment.
Average quality roller. The stone is not particularly polished and looks as inexpensive as it is. If you're in the market for a roller that just functions, it's fine. But I can tell it's one of those mass produced products that they sell in flea market stalls around town. Given that you can get nicer ones for the same price, I wouldn't order this again. Sorry but not impressed.
Whether you believe in the power of Chakras or not, this black Tourmaline Pyramid is an attractive piece to display on your table. It has the weight and heft of a paperweight, so I don't see any reason why it can't be used as such. It has a lot of sparkly stones on the inside with a crystal wrapped several times over with copper wire. The bottom has a copper wire as well, in a circle. I don't know that much about Chakras, but just looking at this beautiful item makes me feel calmer!
I'm never disappointed by this brand, which makes great Gua Sha stones. This pink rose quartz is well packaged and the stone is smooth and polished. It's great for using against your skin and a number of Youtube videos show you how to do it. It's a no-frills package but the quality of the stone makes up for it.
This is one of those odd products that were clearly made by some tone-deaf, perhaps mom and pop company in China. I normally don't associate "mom and pop" with Chinese-made products, but the range of quirky sounds that come out of this sound machine have a "homemade" quality that are bizarre, to say the least.This machine boasts supposedly 48 sounds, more than most sound machines. Unfortunately it includes a number of sounds that I have a hard time believing would help me sleep. There is something called ASMR which is the science of producing soothing, repetitive sounds that cause a tingly or comforting sensation in the listener. However, someone seems to have misread the concept, for the "ASMR" section of this machine includes the sound of someone moving furniture around, swallowing and then gurgling water loudly, and munching a bag of potato chips.In addition, there are weird combinations of sounds - instead of a crackling fire, it has a crackling fire while music plays in the background (as if you were inside a restaurant) and the murmuring of people chatting and moving around in a coffee shop. If I wanted sounds like this, I would just keep the TV on all night.To top it off, the "music" function includes lullabies sung in English by a Chinese woman with a thick accent. She sings "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" but her English is so bad it sounds like "Tinkle Tinkle Litto Star." It's followed by her off-key rendition of "You Are My Sunshine" with a breathless voice that reminds me of a bad karaoke session.Then there are the lights, which I could not for the life of me figure out how to control. It has a light on the bottom and a light on the top. It seems almost entirely random which light goes on and off and I had a hard time dimming or turning off either light.The controls require some pressure or strong tapping in order to work, so this would be frustrating for someone used to sensitive controls or an elderly person with limited finger strength.I like the fact that the display shows the temperature and humidity, but there is no clock setting.While it does have the usual quotient of sounds (ocean waves, birds chirping in a forest, etc.), even these sounds lack sharpness and comes across as rough (just like everything else about this machine). Because of the bizarre sounds, however, I wouldn't feel comfortable gifting this to anyone unless I made it clear it was a gag gift.
I wasn't impressed with this set - the minute I removed this stainless steel roller from the box, the roller part fell off the rod! This is a stainless steel roller, not a natural jade stone, so it's heavier and the handle appeared unable to support the top-heavy roller. The gua sha silver "stone" was alright, but the roller was obviously not made well if the head broke off upon first use. I used a pair of pliers to fix it, but am not impressed. I think I'll stick with the natural jade stone or rose quartz ones.
I really like the quality of these gua sha pink stones from this particular company. It's polished and smooth, and I haven't received a nicked or damaged one yet. It feels great after you've left it overnight in the fridge. Overall I like the presentation and quality very much. Recommended.
The best part of this sound machine is that an Alexa-type voice speaks to you as you set the timer: "15 minutes." Press button. "30 Minutes." "60 minutes" etc. It has a soft foreign accent that I can't place but it's cute. Most sound machines don't have a human voice saying anything. I guess it's needed because there are no light buttons to tell you which setting you're choosing.Except for this, I felt this device feels cheaply made. The casing feels cheap (hard, brittle plastic) and the buttons on the interface are not sensitive to touch. You have to press really hard sometimes to get it to change settings. The volume control is also confusing - there are actually two volume controls - one to raise the volume, one to lower. I was pressing one volume control (the loud one) thinking that I could lower it but I was mistaken - you have to press the "low volume" button.On the positive side, the night light works well - the colors are neon bright and you can keep a steady color going all night long OR cycle through the different colors. The timer like I said has a human voice, which is kind of cool. The weak parts are the button responsiveness and some of the sounds. The lullaby function is good and the sound is sharp and clear. The Nature sounds are relatively good - the best are the chirping bird sounds and thunderstorm but the "water" sounds (i.e., ocean, babbling brook) sound muffled and are not particularly sharp. The "white noise" is also kind of indistinct and the "fetal heartbeat" sound is just plain crude - not so much a heartbeat but like someone else noted, it's like banging drums.So...it's a serviceable device but I would not pay too much for this. There are so many better ones out there.
This Spotlight toothpaste says it's vegan and claims to rebuild enamel but I showed this to my dentist and she was skeptical. She recommends Sensodyne which has much stronger ingredients to fight tooth decay and eroding enamel. I suspected as much - I didn't like the texture of this toothpaste and though it does have fluoride (thank goodness), I don't feel the same sensation of cleanliness I get with Colgate Total or Sensodyne. It feels very mild and there is no foaming action. There are many obscure toothpastes like these on the market that claim to be "healthier" but I have yet to find any equivalent to what's already working for me. Oh well.
Like most stain removers, this one works best on "fresh" stains - for example, if you just spilled wine on your blouse five minutes ago. This remover worked but then, so does seltzer if you apply enough of it. When I tried it on an "old" stain (a pair of jeans that had a spot on it from grease), it didn't do anything. The small bottle is handy for travel, however, so it's good for when you're on the go. Overall it's good for mild stains that just happened and you don't have anything else on hand. For more stubborn stains, I'd use something else.
Fractionated Coconut Oil is good for making homemade soaps and beauty products but it's less potent for hair and body care use - I find the formula thinner but the trade off is that it isn't as greasy and you can still use it for moisturizing your hair and skin without that greasy coconut oil feeling (which stains too!). I have both kinds of oil - the real unprocessed kind for massaging into my hair, hands and nails, and this kind, which is versatile but lacks the smell of coconut but is good as a "carrier" oil. Both have their uses and this product is of decent quality - I would just go by price because I don't see any discernible difference between this one and other similarly priced brands of fractionated oil.
I'm glad this is organic because this powder is often used in traditional Chinese medicine. Given how polluted China is, I would distrust anything imported from that country but this one is certified USDA Organic, which gives me some peace of mind. You add a scoop to yogurt, smoothies, etc., and it's supposed to boost your immune system and improve chronic conditions like diabetes and hypertension. I don't like the taste but you are taking it for its medicinal properties. Overall it's good quality and best for those suffering from chronic conditions.
Originally I thought these bags had a gold circle rather than a star, which is why I ordered them - I thought they might look like Kate Spade bags but I was wrong - they are gold stars which is still pretty attractive. The design is generic enough to be used for all kinds of occasions such as weddings, birthdays, baby showers, etc. It also looks like the type of bag a store might use, so if you own a small business, these would also be good for giving to customers. The bag is reasonably sturdy, like a bag from a boutique, and the handles are decent. Overall these are good quality bags but the price seems a little high - it's too bad it doesn't come with gold colored tissue paper, but if you add them yourself you can make them look luxe.
I love the shimmering iridescent look of these small ziploc pouches. They are great for storing earrings, Barbie shoes, little knickknacks, etc., and keeping them organized. Because they are "smell proof" you can even use them to store spices or tea leaves. They are definitely good for flea market sellers who need small pouches for their wares. They are pretty in their own right. Overall I'm pleased with the quality of these versatile pouches.
My father has macular degeneration. This vitamin doesn't seem to help that much, but then this supplement is meant as a preventive measure and is less effective once you have a deteriorating condition. Given that most of us are on our computer screens or cell phones for more than 10 hours a day, I notice that I have more floaters when I don't take this vitamin. It's easy to swallow and best taken with food. Over the long term I don't know how effective it is, but taking lutein for your eyes certainly can't hurt. And I'm glad it works on my floaters!
These are smaller than the usual cotton balls I've encounter at CVS or Bed Bath or Beyond. You need two for removing nail polish (that's what I use them primarily for). They're OK but because of their small size I'll be using them up faster since I'd need to double up. It says 200 but for practical uses it's more like you're getting 100. Otherwise they're OK for what they are.
This sleep mask is one of the most adorable ones I've ever seen. It has a 3D effect because the floppy ears are attached separately to the mask and jut out. It's really cute and would be appreciated by dog lovers as well as fans of the Disney movie. The price is a little high for this type of thing but otherwise it's a fun sleep mask, especially for children. Now if only they made a cat version based on "the Aristocats"
I almost wish someone I knew would have a birthday soon just to have an excuse to gift one of these bags! I ordered the "all occasion" bags with balloons and it was much better than pictured - the material is sturdy, better than your typical gift bag found at a 99 cent store and quite attractive. It doesn't say "Happy Birthday" but it seems the holiday best suited for using these bags, though the bag could also be used for promotions, graduation gifts, and anything celebratory. Note that the handles (looking like shoelaces) are packaged separately and you have to insert them by hand into each one. I found this to be a little bit of a pain but I guess it made it easier to ship. Overall I'm happy with it.
These are not your typical gift bags - they are sturdy and can stand up to wear and tear. They are not made of paper so they can be re-used - in fact, if you're giving them out, your gift receipent can easily re-use them numerous times, so they are eco-friendly. I love how glittery they are and they come in a variety of colors - silver, gold, rose gold. I love how they look and they are ideal for gifting small items like jewelry. The only thing I didn't like was the gift tags - only one kind is offered, "Thank You." I wish they came with a variety of tags. As it is, they seem made only for "thank you" swag bag-type gifts.
I loved the look of these bags - very blingy with three different kinds of glitter - silver, gold, rose gold. They are not made of the usual thin paper and are meant to be re-used, not just thrown away after one use, making them environmentally friendly, which is a plus.The bags are on the small side, however, so they seem best suited for swag bags or intimate gifts of jewelry rather than large birthday or holiday presents. This impression is solidifed by the fact that the bags come with tags saying "Thank You' on them. I wish there had been other tags included as well, like "Seasons Greetings" or "Happy Birthday!" This kind of limits their usefulness but it's easy enough to include your own tag. Overall these are great for gift-giving.
These insoles are comfortable to wear and provide an extra cushion between your foot and the sole of your sneaker or boot. I have flat feet due to weak arches so this works for me. However, unlike other arch supports or insoles I've used over the years, these insoles come with no guidelines. I had to trim these to fit my sneakers but there was no helpful dotted lines to show me how to customize them. I have many other insoles that show you exactly how much to trim if you want to whittle down the size to 7, 8, 9, etc. Here there is nothing. Hence three stars for the extra work required for me to figure out how much to cut.
This is a small pack of lozenges with a lot of zinc, which is a proven ingredient for speeding one's recovery from flus and colds. The price is somewhat high for the amount you get, but it seems to work. Overall it's ok but I still prefer Airborne, which is a better value.
Suede and Nubuck are notoriously hard to clean, and most of the time I take my leather shoes and jackets to the dry cleaners if they get stained or marked up. With this set, I found that I could remove the stains as long as they were relatively fresh - they did not work well for long, seeped in stains. So on that level it works well and saved me some money in terms of my not having to have my shoes professionally cleaned. The brush works well, but again, the fresher the stain, the more easily it can be removed with a kit like this.
I can't make up my mind whether these are good for the environment or not. They're meant to be disposable but only after you've used them a number of times. They look like paper towels but are thicker, with some of the durability of a rag. Yet, because they look like paper towels, it's fairly easy to toss them out accidentally after only one use if you forget. I know I did.These are good if you remember not to toss them out after one use - so I suppose they're no worse or better than rags, which you must toss out eventually. At any rate, anything disposable, no matter how many times you re-use it, is not good for the environment. But if you must use something like a paper towel, I suppose you could do worse than these.
The stainless steel scouring pads are OK but the yellow and green sponges are the same kind of cheap sponges you'd find in a dollar store - good for light cleaning but liable to fall apart after long usage -they definitely don't have the quality of Scotch 3M sponges, which I prefer. It's convenient, however, to have both these items sold as one set as I normally use both when I'm cleaning pots and pans - the softer one reserved for lighter, easier to remove stains and the more abrasive steel pads for hardened grease or difficult to remove encrusted food remnants.  So both have their use, it's just that one part of the set seems better made and more durable than the other.
Most ultra healthy foodstuffs do not taste good. This powder is OK mainly because it blends in with whatever you choose to mix it with, like tofu. It is bland on its own but it's fairly tasty when mixed with something else. I appreciate the fact that it's organic and non-GMO, but this is one of these superfood powders that best benefit those who don't eat enough fruits and vegetables. I do, so I don't feel I'm missing that much by not ingesting something with Noni fruit in it. It's OK but I wouldn't order it again.
According to the manufacturer, "Fresh Aid Toothpaste is packed with quality ingredients that target gum diseases like gingivitis and plaque. It prevents tooth decay and gum and tooth pain. It's also the best toothpaste for those with sensitive teeth and gums."This toothpaste has ginger root extract, which I can taste and may partially account for the tingling sensation that stays on after you rinse your mouth out. The toothpaste has a yellowish color and kind of reminds me of lemon filling. It leaves your mouth feeling fairly clean but there is a lightness to this toothpaste that other white and chalky toothpastes (like Crest) don't have.I question whether the lack of fluoride will be effective in the long-term at protecting my recessed gums and preventing plaque from taking hold. I usually use Colgate Total, so only time will tell if this toothpaste will be as effective. I have been brushing it now for only a week, so I will update this review if anything changes. For now, it's an OK toothpaste for those who are concerned with the amount of chemicals in their toothpaste. Because of my gum issues, effectiveness is more of a priority for me, so if you have overall healthy teeth and gums, you may love it.
These toothbrush heads are aimed at kids, so the lower quality bristles may not bother a kid who generally has healthy teeth and gums. For an adult with a smaller mouth and wanted these because they seemed to offer more precise brushing, I was disappointed. The bristles are less flexible than the real Sonicare brushes and I could only tolerate brushing with these for a few minutes before giving up and going back to my regular Sonicare. They cost more but the feel is better, whereas the bristles are more rigid and grating on my sensitive teeth and gums.
Even though it's coated, I still had a hard time threading this through some of the gaps in my teeth. It was too thick to get through in places, and it shredded. I have very sensitive teeth and gums and only Glide has managed to work for me, so someone else with different sensitivities may like this brand.
This is a good multivitamin containing known vitamins that boost your immune system:  it contains Vitamin C, Elderberry, Echinacea, Vitamin E and Turmeric. It's not known how multivitamins like this will prevent infection from coronaviruses, but taking these certainly can't hurt. I generally prefer gummy vitamins but these are easy to swallow. Recommended.
I have yet to find a floss that is comfortable as Glide. Sadly, this is yet another one that fails to feel comfortable to use. I managed to get it to work for some of my teeth but it got caught through other gaps that were too narrow. It also started shredding on the first use! Lastly, I don't think the packaging is hygienic - most floss packages have an outer flap or covering but this one allows the floss to exposed to the air even before you open the package. I wanted to toss away the ziploc bag that encased the box, but found that was impossible given that the naked package would get dirty sitting in my bathroom cabinet. Not recommended.
This is like a roll-on perfume, only it's infused with essential oils instead. I love the scent of freshly squeezed orange juice, so I adore this scent. It smells fruity but the predominant scent is orange. It feels great putting some of this on after a nice refreshing shower. On the downside, if you use too much you do feel a slight greasy residue on your skin, so I would use it sparingly, like a perfume. But overall I like it.
The quality of this particular brand of inserts aren't as good as the other brand of gel insoles I've been using (I forget the name) but it's decent. The padding seems a little less elevated but these will do in a pinch. My sensitive feet love this type of insole because you can use it in any type of shoe, unlike the gigantic insoles that require you to trim it down in order to fit into shoes. I find these convenient and comfortable to wear. Overall I like these, not the highest quality but the price is right.
I liked the minty taste of this toothpaste (despite the name, it doesn't taste like charcoal at all) but the black color takes a bit of getting used to.When you spit out the toothpaste, it looks as if you're spitting out mud and if you're wearing something light colored it will stain. The second thing is that the packaging is deceptively larger than the actual product - once I opened the box, I was disappointed to find that each tube is small - no bigger than the size of a "deluxe" sample or travel-sized toothpaste. Good for TSA regulations but stingy if you're wanting to use it at home. So, while it leaves my breath smelling fresh, I'm not sure I'd buy it again, for aesthetic as well as quantity reasons.
Not a big fan of these. The cushion isn't that thick and worse, it flattens out over time. The adhesive stuck well but I just don't like the texture of this material. Disappointed.
It's hard finding insoles for large feet, so these are great. I replaced the thin insoles that came with my New Balance sneakers and put these instead. The insoles are neither too stiff nor too soft and I don't notice them anymore when I walk or hike - they are that comfortable. Overall I'm satisfied with them. Note that they don't have any cutting guides on the flip side if you want to trim them, so that would be my only critique about these.
I don't like the coconut milk in my coffee or tea, but I use this whenever "light coconut milk" is mentioned in a recipe. This is a good alterative to buying cans of coconut milk, which I use up easily - this 8 oz resealable packet will last me a long time. While the canned milk is undeniably thicker and creamier, adding warm water to this powdered version still yields enough rich coconut flavor to be satisfactory for my Thai dishes. I add a spoonful of red or green curry to a frying pan, add in the prepared light coconut milk, add some ginger, lemongrass, etc.,, and I have a delicious curry sauce. It's also non-GMO and vegan, which is great. I wish I'd known about this product earlier, I would have stopped having to buy cans all the time.
The photos in the description look a little confusing, as you may think you're getting a red and blue hot water bottle. Actually you get only one - the red part is the inside of the bottle, while the cover is blue and decorated with stars.The rubber bottle is thick and feels solid and durable. My hot water stayed hot for hours. It's great for soothing an aching bottom or bad back. It didn't leak and it kept sleeping contentedly for hours. Overall it's a nice piece, I just wish the photos showed just one bottle and a cross section, as that would have been less deceptive.
I don't know why the description says there's four - I received a three-pack of reading glasses with a prescription of +1.50 in the colors of blue, red, and brown. All of them are in the wayfarer style with half of the stems being a see-through plastic, which is a cool stylistic touch. Each pair of glasses comes with a matching foam case which makes it easy to identify which is which. The lenses are on the thin side but so far they seem durable. I like the fact that there are three so that if I lose one I can use the other two as backups.
These are made for the Dallas Cowboy fan, but the star logo is a pretty design for a ziploc bag even if you're not a fan. Ziploc bags are so versatile - I use these to take snacks to work, for freezing leftovers and as a disposable "shake and bake" bag (just fill one with breadcrumbs and dump your egg-soaked pork chop or chicken leg, shake, then put the meat in the oven). Each bag is easy to seal and it's hard to tear - the bags are neither too thick nor too thin, which makes them ideal for storing food items. Overall I'm happy with it.
My elderly father has prostrate problems. Since he doesn't like pumpkin or eat pumpkin seeds outside of a Halloween or maybe Thanksgiving celebration, this bottle of Pumpkin Seed Oil vitamins seems like a good and easy way to get the benefits of this vegetable into his daily diet. I've bought Nature's bounty before and while I'm not sure this product is organic, I think this is a reputable brand.Since Dad starting taking this two weeks ago, he has noticed a decrease in his need to go to the bathroom.  He is very happy this product exists.
Pleasant peppermint scent that really works. Seems like a great company to work with for natural products.
These fit my son's toothbrush perfectly and they work just like the ones that came with it.
This works as intended but it just cannot compare to the ones that have a bigger pouch for the feeding tube. Honestly this is just now the back up one. It washed ok but even in the small garment bag and on delicate it has started to fray.
Works great on unwanted dark air etc. This one is a large size jar. Fantastic seller. It is a nice mild formula. I have light sensitive skin. With this product I have never had any issues.
Ad said buy 3 get one free...I did not get one free after buying 3!  :Unhappy Customer!
Definitely worth it. You get more than you'll use in a life time. Unlike every other brand I've tried, the don't dent after just a couple weeks. It takes about 2 months before you need to change them because they're made of such a strong and resistant material. Their also not too small, so you can be sure you lashes won't get caught between these Replacement Pads and the metal of your actual curler.
You now, there’s no getting around it. A half hour’s worth of basic research on the internet will prove that EM fields have minimal, if any, effect on human’s health. However, if the conspiratorial side of you is dead set on protecting itself from the evils that are WiFi signals, Microwave emissions, etc, then this is the product for you.All judgement aside, I have to say that shortly after applying the product to the underbelly of my laptop, I began noticing extreme lagging on my PC. I’m talking snails here!Does the product work? Well it shot my PC to heck so I’m assuming, yes. And if that’s what you’re going for, than five star!As for me, I’m peeling it off now.I hate to be totally negative so here are a few positive aspects of the product.- Light-weight- Peals easily- Doesn’t smell of glue what-so-ever- Easy to cut and mold to your preferred shape- Actuallylikely does what it says it does (can be a neg or poss).Please see my YouTube Video Review for a demo and more.Disclaimer: Free for review.
The band is fantastic! The material is a sort of malleable leather--I'm not sure if its real or not but it is strong like real leather.The purchase yields three difference colors:- Brown,- Black,- Light Brown,all of which come in a small package, wrapped around a piece of sturdy cardboard.All around, super product!Disclaimer: Free for review.
In my personal experience, the product is pretty great! It works best when used along with the many other product Natural Products Inc offers (see my review on their  Glycolic Facial Cleanser here: honestassortedreviews.tumblr.compost147373883057glycolic-facial-cleanser-review)The toner does as it says and works much like expected. I have no beef with this product; overall, great quality, comes in great quantity, awesome packaging, superb overall.Disclaimer: Free for review.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dear Seller,Amazon's system is glitching and so I haven't been able to upload this review on the proper page. I will move this review there as soon as Amazon gets it's act together but for now, it has been added to my review on your other product found here:https:www.amazon.comreviewRXJ8WVIYP1WVref=cm_cr_rdp_permI'm very sorry for this whole mess, I'm sure it will be resolved soon. As soon as it is, I will more the review to its proper place.The following review is for the Dual Phase Mattifying Toner:MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE:I’ve been reviewing Insta Natural’s for a while now–everything from their cleansers to their toners–and I’ve come to really appreciate one thing about this business; there are never really any unnecessary additives to their products and, generally, their stuff’s made up of ingredients that are already known to have healing and soothing properties.The water feels just so, like water. However, with lavander, cucumber, sage, and calendula extracts, it also has a soothing feel and you just know its great for the skin.MAJOR TIP: Try to not apply the product to open cuts, pores, or scars on the face. It does have a mild–very mild–sting, but that may bother some more than others.Disclaimer Free for review.
Theses pills work very well to help with my inflammation.I did have an issue when I opened the package, some got on my quartz countertop and it seemed like it was going to stain it, but since it was quartz I was able to remove it. Had the countertop been granite, it might have stained it!I have also noticed that my urine is more yellow after taking these than any other turmeric pills.Pills are easy to swallow without any after taste.
This toilet paper is great for a gag gift but that’s it.It’s not actually practice.The tp is thin and rough.The design crosses over the squares so after the first square is used, it doesn’t make as much sense.I wish the TP was actually useful so it wasn’t such a wasteful gift.
I bought this for my niece that just turned 12. She's been having some acne on her face, as well as almost everyone else her age. She especially had a cluster between her eyebrows and in her temples as well as on her nose.She has been using this for about a week now and it has already made a considerable difference. She has her first dance in a couple of weeks, and I suspect that she will be cleared up for the dance!She says she has quickly discovered what ends work best for what zones on her face, switching to a different one for different locations to reach and strength.
This curler is best for people with thin hair.Unlike other curlers I’ve used, this one doesn’t stop spinning as soon as I let go of button.This can cause my hair to get stuck into the wand when I don’t want it to.This wand is supposed to get up to 428F.I have another wand that gets up to 430F and it seems like it’s much hotter and does a better job at holding the curl in my thick hair.
The red isn’t a true red like I was hoping it would be.Besides that - this is a great set of polish.The nail polish all dries quickly under a UV Lamp.The other nail polish colors are as expected.
This came with zero instructions. And with some pads that can go around the straps, but I have looked through all of the product images online and couldn't find where to put the pads. The product dug into my armpits, so maybe I should just put it where it's digging in? But some clarification would be nice. It was easy to put on. I could tell a difference when I took it off after wearing it all day. But I don't know how often I should wear it and for how long I should be wearing it at a time and when I can expect results. I answered a lot of questions about, what are you wearing, but I think I could wear this under a blazer and be able to wear it to work all day long. Once I figure out the pads and get it to stop digging into my armpits, I just might be able to do that when the weather cools off so I could stand wearing a blazer. For a first-time posture corrector wearer, instructions would have been really helpful, especially since there are "extra parts".** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I have provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
I would love to give this higher stars but my body says 1.This powder has messed my with GI Tract and I spend more time in the bathroom because of it.Even at a half dose I have issues.Beyond that - the flavor is very sweet but not bad.When mixing with a blender bottle it takes awhile longer than I would expect but does eventually all get blended together.When drinking it feels a little thick but not bad.As far as results go.With a half dose my body felt more hydrated but not energized. My head actually felt fuzzy - it was harder to concentrate.With a full dose and a heavy exercise- my results were slightly better as far as my workout stats on my Apple Watch but not by much - not like the type of results I see when using a preworkout.My muscles didn’t seem to feel more hydratedI got this package in March 2020 and it doesn’t expire until 2022 so it lasts awhile.** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I've provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
This is a great eye mask.I thought that the ear muffs did a good job at cutting out the noise while I was sleeping. It wasn’t loud noise - just the sound of my humidifier in my bedroom.My problem with these is that I’m a side sleeper. I felt like the donut smashed my ear.I don’t have the largest ears.I think with some adjusting these could be more comfortable.The outside of the ear muffs are a very soft silicone which I like.I like how these didn’t move around or fall off while I was sleeping.I think I will keep these for my travel eye mask for when I’m on an airplane or train.It will be nice to be able to not have to worry about messing with the small ear plugs in those places.The eye mask does a good job at keeping it black and it’s very comfortable.
I’ve had Moringa tea before.It’s been in the leaf form and in a sachet with an herbal tea.It tasted great and I wanted to reproduce at home.This Moring - as it’s listed - is in a powder form. It’s a very fine powder.I was hoping to be able to add it to my tea and just stir it in.I was able to get some Moringa powder to dissolve into my tea - but not all.This powder is fresh and adds an earthy taste when used.The bag has 100gms. It’s recommended to use 5gms a day.  I figured out that there is about 5gms in 1 tsp. I wish this contained a scoop in the bag so I wouldn’t have needed to figure it out on my own.This Moringa powder would taste good and mix well in a smoothie. I think it would taste  good especially in a green smoothie - the Moringa would compliment the taste of spinach andor kale.I received this powder 122019, it was manufactured 102019 and it doesn’t expire until 092021.Be careful when closing the resealable bag - the powder is very thin and can get in the zip closure making it difficult to make a full seal.
Finally - compression socks that don’t look medical!!These socks are great.I have size 8.5 feet so I am between sizes.I got the ML size and I think I could have gone with the SM size and they would have fit as well.The ML size fit me well but aren’t as compressing as they would be if I’d gone with SM.These socks come up to right below my knee. They don’t slide down.The foot area is roomy and not tight - which I appreciate.The pattern is adorable. The hearts do fade out as they get stretched.
I got the number 2.It didn’t come with a tube to inflate it as some of the other balloons that are this style do.Deflated it measures around 43 inches tall.I used a common straw to inflate.My mouth it took me about 2 minutes to inflate. I was worried I popped it. But it was just settling in and was full shortly after.Inflated my 2 measured only about 33” tall. For this reason I deducted one star as the listing was for a 40” balloon.The pink color is really pretty.There are two loops on the top and bottom to hang this balloon.To manually deflate the balloon simply slide in a straw and move the air into the direction of the straw. The air will move out of the balloon through the straw. It took me around 5 minutes to deflate the balloon.The air coming out of the balloon smells like nail polish.
These are classic Ziploc gallon size bags with a nice slider closing. They are durable & hold a lot. A great find on Amazon for a loved one’s favorite NFL team! Fabulous price to pay for an unexpected special gift to receive in the mail! I definitely recommend!
I work in an office that has very loud air handlers. These ear plugs are very comfortable for extended use and do allow you to have conversations while quieting the background noise. They do however make it hard to tell how loud you are talking and I generally take them out to talk to someone. Overall very satisfied.
I'm not happy at all with the 'cheap' quality of this product.  And now I have to buy the 'real' oral-b 'good' stuff.  So, by trying to save a buck and buy the 'brand x', I managed to spend twice the money and buy both brands.  I could not send them back after I used a couple.  Don't buy these.  I know it made me sad.
Beautiful, true cobalt blue bottles!! I tried to change the roller to a metal one, but it wouldn't roll. Changed out the complete plastic hub and used the metal ball and it worked great! Love these!!
No better than drugstore hot water bottle.
I love tangy tangerine. It has all the vitamins you will need. Good product.
I think they are smaller than average deodorant tubes and the lids are a little loose, but they work well.
This is a very nice, modern scale.  It take 4 AAA batteries and were easily installed in the scale.  This is a very nice scale and it looks great in my bathroom.  Love the glass.  Seems to be accurate when it comes to weighing on it.  Overall I am very satisfied with this scale.  It has met my expectations and does not look cheap.I received this scale for free for testing and reviewing purposes.  This is my honest unbiased opinion and have come to this conclusion by using the scale myself.
Very nice and super absorbent microfiber towel.  I see most people take this with them to the gym but where I come from we use the land and we sweat alot!  so this comes in handy to help wipe that sweat away.  I love the design of it being a long rectangle with a hook.  There are several uses for that hook.  you could hang it up, or wrap around your neck for a scarf.  or in some rare cases attach to your belt and shove some in your pant pocket and leave some hanging out.  Works well and the towel is super absorbent.  There is a triangle pocket to hold keys, or a wallet. If you are using this for actual work you know the pocket won't get used.  However it is nice that you have the option.  Laundering:  I just laundered like any normal microfiber towel.  Cold water NO fabric softener and dried in the dryer.  It all came out looking like it did when I put it in there.  Stitching is wonderful I found no flaws and it held up in the wash.I do not have anything negative to say about this towel.I received this towel for free to write an honest unbiased review.  This is my own personal opinion for this towel and have come to the conclusion by using the product myself.
I purchased this Yasi Travel toothbrush model YS964 in the hopes it would be an equal to my current sonic toothbrush. Opening the box I found a sonic toothbrush, usb charging cord, two brush heads, instructions, warranty card and an offer for two free brush heads. Charging was simple, just plug in to any usb charging device, plug the other end into the toothbrush and charging is completed in several hours. The three bar charging indicator let me know when it had a full charge. There are five modes of brushing: clean, sensitive, white, gum care and massage. Each has a different type of sonic rhythm and are fun to use. A full charge lasted well over two weeks. Each use of the Yasi toothbrush left my mouth, teeth and gums clean and invigorated. I really like the built-in timer with a momentary pause at 30, 60 and 90 seconds. The toothbrush stops after the recommended 2 minute brushing period.Overall, the Yasi YS964 toothbrush far exceeds my expectations and is much better than my previous sonic toothbrush. The quality is great, the product works better than expected and the price is fantastic. I will purchase Yasi products in the future.
I am from the olden days, my family always having Campho-Phenique on hand for every kind of injury. It is still prepared as it has been for decades, the formula not changing, which makes it all the more successful. To me, it brings comfort, having this product on the shelf, always ready to handle those sores, pain and little 'hurts.&#34;
There is no research to suggest that cordyceps mycelium is medicinal. All the research is on the fruiting body or what most people actually think of as the mushroom.
It dissolves do nicely compared to other kava kava powders. I find that at a dose of 12 tsp, it is very mild (again, milder than some other kava powders I've used), and creates a nice calm feeling. Good product. Good company.
I like the bulk concept, and so far the product seems comparable to past products I've used that cost more. So, I'm sold :-)
This is thing is huge, folks. I used if for the first time this morning. My arthritic, stiff hands was able to extract the morning meds without fumbling.The boxes  fit just tightly enough to not slide out on their own, but are easy to slide out. I think that it will be able to stand the drop test, without meds spilling out. The lids have slight detents to stop at each pill compartment. Just turn the meds out on a handkerchief (old folks know what this is ) or other piece of cloth and you can double check the meds before taking them. This is a lot larger than I need, but the size is important for ease of handling. The markings are clear and sharp, but will soon wear off, but no a big concern. I got the Oveo large for my off-times meds, it is a lot smaller and may be better for most users, especially if you want to use it traveling. If you needed this size pill box for traveling, it would take up a lot of room in a suitcase, but the boxes won't scatter. If you remove a tray to carry with you, it is just too big for a pocket (sorry guys) but perfect for a ladies purse.
I really like these.  In just a day you notice a change in your appetite.  But you don't get that caffeine high like some other products.  My energy level has also picked-up.  Great product.
Not much to say other than these were the size and color I needed
Hibiclens is a very thin liquid and this pump has a strong pumping action.  The hibiclens tends to go everywhere, and it disperses too large of an amount.  Not sure if I will continue to use this.  I have found luck using a foaming dispenser with this.  Helps to keep it from getting everywhere.
Bought this for the bathroom that houses the cat litter box. Works awesome and we don’t even notice the smell of the litter box.
Great product!  Kept the tattoo crisp and dark
Very comfortable
Perfect! Just as described!
Got for my DIL and she loved it!!
Great for travel, everyday use of medicationsWell made easy to use.
Scrubbed all 3 calcium-ringed toilets clean today. The stone is about 16 eroded after 3 toilets, so for me one stone would clean up to 18 times (or more if I don't wait until the calcium rings are so very crusty).  I kept the stone wet but not under water as I scrubbed.  Very satisfied.
I would give this six stars if I could. I use it every month following my period. It relieves any irritation and just feels great. I also suffer from recurring candida, and this stuff helps with the symptoms. I would recommend using an applicator, as it can get a bit sticky, or wet it well with water before inserting. It is a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.My mother suffers from recurring UTIs, and this helps her greatly.It is truly a miracle product.
This suction cup really sticks!!!  It is very strong and holds the shower so I can sit and wash my hair.
I bought this and the bracelet, and cannot say if either worked.  Neither is washer and dryer safe and the light grey gets dirty very easily.  So it sits on the bathroom counter. I felt no difference with or without it.
I have not used this long enough to say that it is exceptional or that it has made an improvement. I like that the Krill Oil is in caps that don't leak (the fact the Krill Oil is actually a powder helps with this).  The bottles I received are in good shape (not bowed on the bottom).  I like how very easy it is to open the bottles.  The only problem I've had was when I took the pills the first day.  I had a hard time swallowing them, but I believe that is because I had put them with all my other supplements and it was just too much to try and swallow at one time because the second day, I took them separately from the other supplements and this worked much better.  Time will tell as to how they will work in my body, but I will come back later and give another review.
Great deal on the 4 pack... considering buying 4 separate cases is typically $25 more.  Arrives fast!
I use these to take the pressure off of my shoulders.  I had gotten a pair at a fabric shop and needed a replacement.  I was disappointed in these and ended up going to the shop where I had gotten the others and getting a replacement pair.  These are thinner that the ones I like and did not provide the support that I needed.
I have used these in the past and like them very much for buffing the ends of my nails that are currently having a tendency to chip.  For the price these work very well and I would recommend them.
Too gummy for my taste. I love the crunchy Zone bars like the fudge graham.
Cane is very stable and strong. It is worth the price.
Love these for my little trash cans throughout my house. Makes for easy changing. They are thin, but that is ok for the purpose they serve.
I can't wait till wear these after Halloween. Hoping it'll bring some cheer.
Seriously these are major horsepills. While I suppose it is just a single pill daily dose they are large. Won't be buying again for this reason.
This is what they use in my eye doctors office.  Good enough for them….then it’s good enough for me!
Color is good,  stays secure in pocket.  That's all that matters
It was ok, but not great..
Mediocre. Sally’s has stronger files will stick to those
Worked as expected
great flash lite with a very strong beam that shines a long distance
Works great, exactly what I was looking for. Easy to put together too!
The earrings and rings I received today were absolutely &#34;horrible&#34;! The earrings are the size of a bracelet and the quality is horrific made of the worst materials. The rings were cheap and very gaudy my grandmothers rings are better than this! I just requested a return! Oh God help me what a mistake!
This product worked great. I would highly recommend.
Great Product!!!
Quick and sweet... I love my purchase and will be back. Thank you.
Temple arms too short; nose piece fell off 2nd day.I got what I paid for...
These are very substantial and hold the shoes on securely. I use them for dancing in heels.
I needed a strong pill splitter for tablets. This works well.
Love this stuff! It takes a really good stir once you first open it up but is so tasty and love the added protein!
If you are looking for both a great maintenance wash while including nano ceramic protection, look no further. Excellent cleaning power and will leave your paint glossy and fresh.As the instructions say, do not let it dry on the surface and be quick to either washrinse off per instructions. This is definitely my go-to wash, and it’s quite concentrated so you can mix down as a detailer as well. Great product.
works for me!
After not finding a cure for waking up every night at 3AM (not 2:59, or 3:01) and finding that Ambien was actually not suited for me I sought the help of an alternative medical doctor (has all the sheepskin of an official practitioner but leans heavily on homeopathic and 'new age' medicine I HIGHLY recommend this type of medicine esp if you are menopausal and your Doc wants to prescribe synthetic meds)He told me to google the Chinese Medicine wheel and at or around 3AM I would find whatmy ailment was.  It was an issue with my liver.  He had me use Hepa Trope, take one twice a day.  After 2 days of Hepa Trope I slept through the night.  No ambien hangover or eyes popping open at 3AM.  I am on my 2nd bottle and still take it almost everyday.He sells this in his office, but he is 45 minutes from me, plus the Amazon price is a bit friendlier and arrives in a couple of days.
maybe it's just me but this makes a thick layer on the nails. In one respect it's good because I don't have to soak it off. Instead it peals off in one piece and doesn't last more than a day or two BUT since I'm not paying 60.00 a pop to do my own nails I can't really complain. You get what you pay for.
Great for travel
i can't imagine putting this in my eyes, even if it was diluted. Felt like pure cayenne pepper in my mouth
Just received this and so far love it! It had a charge, but I charged it overnight in my phone charger and used every accessory the next day. It still had plenty of power left 15-20min. of playing around with it. No pain with any and the facial hair remover worked great (no redness or hair seen 2 days later). I’m 53, dark haired with light complexion. The nose trimmer piece came apart when I went to put it on and it was tricky putting it back together, but I eventually got it. Not my favorite to use, but it works! Not sure about the eyebrow trimmer but I didn’t buy it for that. I didn’t try the body shaver as I had shaved my legs & underarms that day. So far I am very happy with this purchase and feel it’s a great buy overall! Would definitely recommend
They are cute, but made cheaply! The design of the stand & item really do not work.
This hemp oil tasted and smelled like cooking oil.  I spit it out immediately.  Thirty minutes later my throat was numb.  I purchased it based on over 1,000 5 star reviews.  NO.  The reviews were for a cherry coke product.  As were all the questions!I contacted amazon via chat since this product is non-returnable.  Got a refund and they promised to contact tech support and have the false questions and reviews removed.
We use Magic Erasers to clean so many things!  Have been using them for years and will continue to do so.
Great price for 12 of these.  However, you will need one each time you do a manicure.  These do not hold up to vigorous buffing and filing.  I tried to use one of these a second time, and it left black &#34;scuff&#34; marks on my nails.  That being said, the price is cheap enough that I can throw them away after each use, and simply order more when these run out.
If you need noise cancellation don't waste money in this. The silicone plugs... well. you can hear the same having them on or not, How it is even possible??? It doesn't matter the shapes, colors, nada. Having this things in the ear canal is like having earwax, BUT you can still hear with this ones inside.The waxy stuff... Almost the same as the regular foamy ones.I will keep trying to find some noise cancellation earplugs...
I revealed a family cruise using these lotto tickets. They came quickly in the mail and looked great. So much fun!
These are great q-tip swabs. My toddler really disliked getting his ears cleaned but these make it a much more tolerable experience. He's even wanting to do it himself now and I can let him knowing it's safe he can't push it in too far.
I usually check my blood pressure whenever I'm at a pharmacy or location with the little sit down booth. I got this so I could monitor my bp at home to get an idea of my readings to keep better track. It is easy to use, fits my &#34;larger&#34; arm with no issues. It has really great memory settings for 2 people. Very comfortable and my readings are very consistent.
This sign was glittery black, it was beautiful.  You do have to assemble it so do it ahead of time NOT at the venue.  It has a red plastic "needle" to help you  thread the string through.  It was pretty, simple and I really liked it.
Only use 2 tubes but works well.
NOTE (Found a great use for this, when you need to wash your pets, or kids i suppose, its great for when you need to kneel at the tub, this was great for my knees.)Still using it today. It is really durable. I don't honestly think however that its so much better then anything out there that I would say its the best. I have noticed however that my legs, where they contact the cushion, go numb from time to time. Maybe its the raised height that is causing the pressure on my legs, but its good enough, I bought 2, one for me and one for the misses, for use at our desks. If this product goes bad, I wont buy another one however, the costs isn't so great that I want to go screaming its name from the mountain tops. It is thick and comfortable however, so a few good n bads.
It’s a great invention and I hope it lasts.
never noticed anything different good or bad..
So this smells like watermelon and it smells wonderful. A little goes a long way because it is a little strong but it smells delicious
Very easy to use and shipped really quickly!  We’ve only had them for a few days, but they work perfectly.
Soft, comfortable, and stays warm when heated.  Highly recommended!
I buy these because I like that I could just dispose and they are not plastic or styrofoam but they are expensive
Suggested by ND for temporary one-time episode of skin inflammation.  Worked OK.
Worked great the first 2 times and now it’s dull and doesn’t really work. Waste of money
This is the 2nd one I've bought. I purchased this because it was dual voltage and we were headed to Ireland. I used it at home and I really liked the hot brush but the flat iron not so much....the plates don't touch. When I used it in Ireland the digital temp display got really hot, burned out and stopped working. I was about to throw it out and tried one more time to use it and the brush got hot but no digital temp display. I used it for the rest of our trip but when we got home it wouldn't turn on. :( So I ordered another because it really does cut down on my styling time. People mention the problem with the button placement but you can lock the temp by double clicking the offon button a couple of times once it reaches the temp you want!
It should have had the flat back but everything else was great
The bristles are a little soft, but these are awesome and work well!
 This corrector is very adjustable and extremely comfortable compared to others I have used. Most will cut into my armpits but this is verybsoft stretchy material with an ergonomically design so it fits very well! I use it for a little every couple days and it seems to have helped a bit with my back pain.
Very helpful
These are so stiff that it takes a lot of pressure to plunge the syringe. Instead I end up losing some of the meds before my dogs and cats get their full doses. Not great when youre trying to administer meds while holding a squirmy angry pet. Plus they are literally single use. They get stuck after 1 use and cannot be used again.
After I figured out how to take out the center shaving head, it became a 5 star.
When I first ordered this product I ordered to replace my plastic containers and harsh chemical products. I expected it would come with unique characteristics because I was used to those harsh chemicals and there were a few. Yes, at first I found it slightly thick but I found that I could add a very small amount of water and that was no longer a problem, while it was still just as effective at cleaning. At first, the smell was very natural and fresh but didn’t hang around all day like my Pinesol. But then I realized I also didn’t get a headache from cleaning.It’s s gentle on all my surfaces but breaks up all of the tough areas. Like the dried on sticky food debris in the kitchen where my kids ‘didn’t notice’ their spills, Or the soap scum in the bathtub. And the scent really was fresh, I stopped missing the chemical smell.It’s a great product. I much prefer it to my past chemical products, and I feel good about using it because I not piling up large amounts of plastic bottles (I clean A LOT)
The bulb gives light which is not as yellowish as standard soft white bulbs, improving the readability of written text. The bulbs themselves are very compact, slightly shorter than a standand incandescent bulb. Turn on time is less than half a second.The two bulbs come in a container made of thin cardboard that offers little protection. Both the original shipment and the replacement shipment each had a broken bulb. The bulbs do contain small amounts of mercury which is toxic. They probably should be  ordered separately so as to lessen the chance of them being damaged by other items in the shipment and prevent mercury contamination of the other items.
Let me start off by saying that Aneros doesn't make butt plugs....these are very well engineered prostate stimulators .....and are a great way to get started
This smells SO good. I use it for shaving and it’s such a great value. It doesn’t leave a residue like a lot of the lower end baby oils and it’s a pretty large bottle.
This product is amazing!! We moved into a home that has some funky smells going on in it. I opened this up in the bedroom, and since then I haven’t smelled anything bad on my whole upper floor! Every now and again I catch a clean scent, but for the most part it just smells like nothing. The absence of an odor, which is just what I was hoping for!
Love the quality, the quick delivery, the professionalism and just over all great purchase.
This works
Bright colors on black background on a good sized poster.  Colors pop!  Only complaint would be that I wish was more detailed.  The 6" x 4" book cover to accompany the poster has more detail, just harder to see.  For a beginner is perfect.
I've bought so many things that turned out to be junk, a disappointment. But my eyes are failing and it's difficult to find a 3. much less a 3.5. When I saw this pack of four I decided what could I lose at that price? They of course, are a little heavy on my face, but they are glass so wont scratch as badly as the lighter plastic ones. They were a little wide on my face, so I gently bent them in and now they fit great. As heavy as a 3.5 is when I bend over they stay tight and don't slip. I think they are wonderful as they are glass and won't scratch as badly as the other plastic ones I have, and seem clearer too right off. They are adjustable, I carefully bent them inward so they fit my face better and they did not break. I think I will order another set. I am terrible to leave my glasses around everywhere, and then &#34;where did I leave my glasses?&#34; is the question. I am giving all my others to the Salvation Army or friends if they want them. I am thrilled to find these because of the 3.5, the look, for the price they are good value, everything. They came very quickly too and well packed. I highly recommend these glasses.
I read in a health-letter that White Peony root is good for autoimmune diseases and has been used in the orient for centuries. I have a German Shepherd diagnoseod with &quot;Pannis&quot; which is a disease where the body turns against the eyes and the dog will go blind. The vet has me giving his steroid drops and some other drops and they were slowing it down. But it is a disease that has to be controlled and will never &quot;be cured or go away...&quot; I started him on another way more expensive brand, and when I took him hack to the vet for his check up she (they, the group) couldn't belive how he had actually IMPROVED! Apparantly Pannis never really regresses like that.  But it did. They (and I were happy).....I started taking it for my artritis (I am 67 and my hands are very bad)...I think it has helped my arthritis too. It is really for people but I started all this originally for my poor dog. I found this brand cheaper and switched to it. Service is great. Comes by return mail almost. My dog goes for a check up soon so I don't know if Swanson's White Peony will be as effective as the other but it seems to be helping my hands just as much. I think it a great product and the service is fantastic. You know how Chocolate is wonderful for humans but BAD for dogs? Well I worried something for humans might hurt my dog but thought I would have to take the risk because removing his eyes, and being blind would be a hard life though I would take care of him and he is healthy otherwise. So, I held my breath and started him on it over a year ago and there are no ill effects my vet or I can see or tell. As a matter of fact my vet and all in that group have said I should keep it up because it seems to be helping. There was another fellow I heard from that read my review before and had a dog with a horrible auto immune disease of the skin and because I had taken the risk he took it with his dog and he thought his dog might be improving too. I hope so. I haven't heard back from him. But I highly recommend this product. I think Swanson's has helped ME and I will soon know it my dog is still improving. His eyes do seem clearer. The service is fast too.  I wish everyone luck with whatever they try it for.
Great service, came quickly.  Have not used it long enough to tell if it is going to help but would use the sellers again if it does. A little pricey but if it works, worth it.
I found Method Foaming Body Wash 2 years ago when I broke my wrist. I had to use a plastic sleeve to shower and it was difficult to handle a bar of soap and washcloth with the other hand. I read a suggestion about body wash and I found this in the grocery market. The one I found was the green one and I really loved it.  I can't find it anywhere now but found this orange one here on Amazon. The green was sold out but the orange was available. I was happy to grab a couple of them because I don't know if or when I'll see them again. It's really nice stuff.
I used to give out Homemade candy for my Auxiliary ladies they were a hit
Burns my fingers and hard to use,
I'd love to find the long-handle ones Ike like I used to have but if you've ever tried any like this, you're flossing the hard way.
Description was worded unclear. Product is of good quality and I’m assuming if I was pregnant would be helpful but for my situation was not applicable.
I really love the light, clean smell of this cleaner.
really works!
I looked endlessly for brushes that had a cleaning tip, particularly one that worked well. This is the answer!  The cotton-lime top gets everything clean!  Love these brushes!
POOR CONSTRUCTION!  I HAVE 3 OTHER GRABBERS (DIFFERENT MAKES) AND THIS IS THE FIRST ONE I SHALL CALL CRAP.NOT STURDY.  tHE  FOLD IN CENTER OF LENGTH,  DOES NOT HOLD WELL;  LETS IT WEAVE & WOBBLE.  :-(tOO MUCH TROUBLE TO RETURN.GRABBERS ARE REQUIRED IN MY LIFE SINCE SPINAL  FUSION FROM T4 (NECK)  TO PELVIS.
In my opinion serves the purpose as well as $150 name brand.
It was a perfect fit for my oximeter
I love this product! Just received a package of four jars yesterday. Two of the jars were cracked and filled the box with syrup, which also leaked all over my floors and counters. It was a horrendous mess; took 30 minutes to clean up and the floor are still sticky. Obviously, I can't return the two broken jars. They should be replaced (again, proof submitted by photo) and a further accommodation made for the horrendous mess and all the trouble. But again, this is my favorite Yacon and would like to keep buying.
I used it once, didn't seem to do much.
best files in the marketplace
Been using A Berger Lamp since 1989 and love them.. beautiful scents. beautiful containers (Lampes)..
Great product! I needed it for Halloween and definitely didn’t need this much, but for the price, I’d buy it again!
Love the ease of these
Very true to Black cherry scent and VERY strong, so use very little!
I have sprayed my patio every day and the stray cat still comes and lays on it waiting for birds at my bird feeder.  Waste of Money.
I disliked because the bristles were so short it couldn’t clean the teeth
Good solution and inexpensive
Really impressed with the quality, especially for the price. My husband is very pleased with them; just what he needed.
SVelcro strap is a bit  of a hassle to  use as its too long, but I guess this does what it says
All as expected.
Some reviews said the sleeve was open ended on both ends. The one that shipped was only open on one end. That makes it hard to dry after cleaning. I have to make sure to rinse it well after cleaning and then air dry it on a wire rack (like the top rack of the dishwasher). As with any personal product be sure to use approved cleaners and antimicrobials. Other than that, it's a great product for these Covid times. As for realism, it's a bit more "enhanced" texture wise, for some really good sessions.
I need them for the shower as I get ear infections easily. These are so comfy, you won't even know they're in. Easy in and out and fit perfectly.
There a few issues to challenge in terms of this product being for someone born in the 1950s (The Rubix Cube did not come out until decades later). Still, the concept is fun. I can think of many other inexpensive 50s nostalgic items that could have be included.
So glad I found this and the price was great! Very happy 😄
I found this so hard for me to use maybe once I get use to it. It is hard to get my hair into the chamber and hard to let my hair out.
I bought this for my great niece for the next time she stays overnight with me.  We haven't opened this yet, but looks like it was described.
I got a free sample of the Dragonfruit flavor. It tastes like how a Band-Aid smells. I can't think of how else to describe it. I didn't realize it was a healthy drink when I popped the can open and just thought it was another brand of LaCroix'esque sparkling waters. After the first foul tasting sip I looked at the can to see exactly what I was drinking. After seeing that it claims to be good for you, I decided to give it another go. I couldn't get past sip number 2. Truly one of the worst tasting beverages I've tasted.
10 little patches the size of 2 normal patches. This product is a scam.
I'm a big fan of mushrooms - the more I use this stuff, the better I feel.  I'm 67, and like how clear-headed I feel when I take it regularly. Also it contributes to a better flow of energy throughout the day.
Made very well. Helped with my pain.
OK, so I am super depressed at the moment and it is difficult to get myself on the mat and nearly impossible to get myself to clean it. That being said, once I finally mustered up the energy to clean my mat after probably 3 months I was so pleasantly surprised at the smell! It's a beautiful lavender scent and it lifted my spirits immediately AND it cleans very well - so much dirt came off. This is definitely worth the price, thanks!
Do NOT play fetch with this as I can see it getting lodged in your dogs throat if caught wrong.My pups seem to enjoy chewing on this. I have medium sized dogs they did however chew off a very small piece of this product....making me reduce the stars. Any dig chew where the dog can easily chew off the product is not good as the dog will swallow it.
Very useful
Love this!
The photos were misleading. It comes with one sheet and it is thick too.
I am very satisfied with this purchase. Very nice box, and everything in it seems very nice. Super satisfied.
Great box of wipes
This smells wonderful, but the scent does not last.  the wax only lasted for the day and the laundry detergent smelled great but didn't last.  You can tell this is a knockoff of the original.  I'm not bashing it, but you get what you pay for :)
this thing is huge.. so I'm disappointed and now I'll be sending it back.  The problem I had was it is NOT as well built as people said on here. The actual sides are each ok and seem to be solid..however the hinge is cheap and doesn't line up the 'cups' so it's just very annoying and seems like it'll fall apart easily.Sending Back!!!
Very nice scent and holds heat from microwave well. Love how soft it is.
I have used this product forever. Love it and will buy again.
Love the color, easy to work with
I discovered from my MD that having acidic water makes GERD worse…as does drinking wine and dark chocolate, but that’s another story.I had recently had the bacteria and nitrates tested in my water as part of a program in my town which is near the shoreline and the salt ponds. I was curious to see how acidic my well water really was. This product allowed me to quickly test with a few drops of solution and easily match the color swatch to determine my water is neutral AKA good to drink.
Product is was described
Gelatin has no flavor. I still cant talk about the benefits because it has been too early for that but the good thing is that it doesnt compromise the flavor of any of my drinks.
Daughter lives the entire package. Great for a new surfer!! Glides in easily and smells like a great day at the beach.
I put it on and have not taken it off love this.
I blend with plain yogurt, works well
Filtered my kidney stones out.
It's areally good hair dryer with good accessories and attachments. Also came with hair clips and heat protect glove which was and extra surprise.
We bought this basically to help clean our chemex coffee carafe. It is definitely a silicone brush, and it was cheap. But according To my girlfriend, it doesn’t “suds up” the soap very well. Last time I buy her inexpensive items that she can use to clean my stuff! The aunt no charity!  Seriously though, she’s great.
I got these to replace the pad on my Libman spray mop and these work great. They fit well on the head and are secure on the unit. The best thing is when these get dirty I have a replacement while the other is being washed.
These storage containers are smaller than I expected, but they still work well for bringing food to work or school in a lunch bag. They work well for salads, pasta, rice and small quantities of other leftovers. The lids fit securely but go on and off easily. The containers are easy to clean since they are dishwasher safe on the top shelf. This item comes with a total of thirty containers, in six sets of five.
I am happy with this aloe vera gel. It goes on smoothly, doesn't feel heavy or greasy, and quickly soaks into the skin. The gel has a light mint fragrance and the scent doesn't linger on the skin. Where I live, it's past the time of year that I will get a sunburn, but I've been using the gel on a bug bite I have and it's been very soothing. I'm glad to have this gel in my closet for bug bites and for that occasional sunburn once the warm weather returns.
I purchased this for my elderly mother who has spinal stinosis. She much prefers this pad over the typical chair or scouter pad. This pad she takes everywhere. She loves it.
Appreciate quality products delivered to my door.
However they get a little slippery when they get wet, and you have to hold them in place. Other than that, they do their job.
These are fantastic! I’m SO GLAD someone finally gave a mind for our feminine parts!These pads have changed my game down there! They are naturally medicated & the adhesive sticks to the my panties well…Unlike other natural brands.The absorbency is good as well. I haven’t tried the super heavy but I will next time I need & try to get back on here to say but the pantyliners are fantastic! So are the regulars!Thank you honey pot!
Very good ! Used as soon as I got in the mail and was absolutly amazing at replenishing my dry skin that cold winter day! Soaks in immediately ! Beautiful! Thanks!
This is a great snack. Low carbs and full of protein. Just right when the munchies hit.
I think these sticks must be made out of some kind of root. At least, that's what they feel like. I don't like the smell or taste of them, but they do work well to clean the teeth...at least the front teeth. I had a hard time getting the "brush" on the back side of my teeth. If you like these miswak sticks, they do work very well to clean the teeth, and I did feel they helped my gums in the process.I went online and searched for more information and found out that dogs can chew these sticks, too, and it will help clean their teeth. So I gave the sticks to my dogs, and they happily chewed them until they were gone!
The tea itself tastes a lot better than the Lion's Mane version I reviewed separately. It has the color of a cup of coffee and a somewhat pleasant taste. However, I cannot drink this tea. My tongue broke out in blisters when I drank it and it made my throat feel sore. I don't think that's a good thing.
Nothing special. Don't clean all that well if your glasses are "smeary." A little dry.
When toilet paper became so scarce at the beginning of the pandemic, I ordered a bidet sprayer (https:www.amazon.comgpproductB01E4H7DTA) to cut down on TP use. Then all I had to worry about was using just enough TP to dry off. Then I got these washable bamboo makeup removers that fit nicely in a little ceramic pot on the back of my toilet, and they work great for drying off. Not only that, when used with a low-sudsing feminine wash, I can wash my private parts as needed and cut down on how often I waste water bathing.For someone who is retired with little activity and very dry skin, there really is no need to bathe more than once a week as long as the privates are washed daily. I like that I can do this while sitting on the toilet and not risk a fall (I have osteoporosis) getting in and out of the tub. Besides, I hear a number of celebrities are now advocating not bathing very frequently, so I must be cool!I got two packs of 16 makeup removers each, and each pack comes with a nice mesh bag for washing the rounds in the washing machine. So I keep a bag beside the toilet to hold the ones I've used, and when the clean ones are all gone, I just start on the second pack while the other is in the wash. The little bit of soap left on each used round prevents it from getting groady until wash time.I'm very, very pleased with this product, and I'd give it an extra star if I could for the washing bag.
I got these to hold the tips of my pre-rolled bamboo paper filters, and the tips don’t fit down into the filter-tips far enough to hold them securely. They are okay, but not as good as they could have been. I guess it depends on whose product you use with what.
I doubt I would use this body brush in the shower, because I think if it gets wet it's going to be more likely to lose bristles, but as a dry skin brush it is awesome! It's comfortable to hold, the handle wrapping ensures a good grip, and it's long enough to be able to reach your whole back or all the way down to your feet without being so huge it's unwieldy for doing your arms and front torso.If you've never tried dry brushing, you should. It's stimulating to your skin, helps remove dead flaky skin better than wet-showering does, and has a number of benefits for health. Google it! One thing dry brushing is good for is to help open up the skin to allow ingrown hairs (like I have on my legs from using an epilator) to surface.This brush, which I received at a discount in exchange for my honest review, will hang on the side of my vanity to remind me to pick it up and do a little dry brushing while I'm otherwise occupied...a great multitasking habit to get into.
I confess: I probably drink more alcohol than I should. Sometimes none, sometimes more than advised. Can you relate? (I'm sorry, but American politics drives me to drink!) I'm pretty good at eating healthy for the most part, but I do confess I love gin. I took just a plain milk thistle capsule for years, and that seemed to give me some protection from the occasional (or not so occasional) indulgence, but when I ran out I stopped taking it. And I've noticed my liver goes through phases of not being happy and acting up. Just a bad feeling, a nagging almost-pain.When I was offered this Total Liver formulation at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I thought I'd try it because I knew I needed to get back on something to help protect my liver. It's got the milk thistle I know from past experiences is very effective, but it also has other ingredients that have been scientifically proven to help protect the liver. The best protection, of course, is not to overdo, but if you're going to be bad, this formulation is a good insurance policy.I did try to take less than the four-pills-a-day dosage, but I didn't see any improvement until I took it as recommended. Then I started getting some relief from that crummy sluggish-liver feeling.
Okay, I'm just going to say it. I don't brush my teeth enough. I've got a nice SonicCare electric toothbrush in the bathroom, but because I'm retired and don't have to get dressed up to go out anywhere, I don't have a grooming routine. I don't have an alarm clock either! I needed something like this to keep close to me to help me remember to use it, so when I was offered the product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I was pretty happy about being able to try it.I'm sure I'm not the only senior who wears comfortable clothes and falls asleep in them. If my clothes are not dirty, I've been known to wear them for days at a time. I'm probably also not the only senior who doesn't register what day or time it is half the time. I keep my hair cut very short so if I forget to comb it nobody will notice. I work on my computer almost every waking moment, and it seems the only time I get out from under that cloud is when I'm in the kitchen cooking. It's only when I'm waiting for the microwave to finish or the coffee pot to stop perking that I suddenly become aware of my body...at which point I usually realize I need to brush my teeth.I've tried keeping a spare manual toothbrush and toothpaste in the kitchen. Both have a tendency to fall into the sink with the dirty dishes. I like this brush because I can clip it to my T- shirt or pocket (where it looks like some kind of space pen) and whip it out for a quick brushing while I'm waiting for the microwave to finish. I love how you can &quot;dial&quot; out just a little toothpaste, not so much as to require a lot of water, do a quick brushing, then rinse at the sink, stick the brush back into its cap, and get back to what you were doing.My Tom's of Maine toothpaste tube wasn't a perfect fit for the screw-on end through which you fill it, but it was good enough. I just turned the dial down as the tube filled with toothpaste. Dialing it back up with the thumbscrew pushes the toothpaste up through the center of the brush. It doesn't take much. I don't know what people are talking about with &quot;cleaning&quot; it. I wouldn't bother with that. I think as long as you rinse the brush end well and dial a tiny bit of toothpaste back into the bristles (like flushing a syringe), there's no reason to have to clean the toothpaste reservoir. Just put more toothpaste into it when it's getting low, I would think.Disclaimer: I came of age at a time when kids actually played in the dirt and exposure to germs was considered a good way of building up immunity. If you're one of those people who showers three times a day and has to clean everything to within an inch of its life all the time, you probably won't like this toothbrush.
Darn, I got these in the wrong size, so DP gets to have them instead of me. I got a large, and I should have gotten them in a smaller size. My loss, his gain! But that's good because he's started walking 2+ miles a day (he's 66) and has been hinting that he might start running again. So he definitely needs these compression knee sleeves. I need them, too, so I'm going to have to buy my own pair.Be sure to follow the instructions for measuring the size you need before ordering. Don't guess, like I did. (Actually, when I was offered a pair of these to review, I don't think they had the sizing instructions listed. I don't remember seeing them, anyway.) If you size them correctly, I think you'll be very pleased with the quality of the materials and the compression. I know DP is.UPDATE: I got a pair in the small for myself, and that's more like it! I have a tibial tuberosity on my right knee that tends to get very itchy if I walk a lot, which I'm doing now (about 3 miles a day), and these compression knee sleeves definitely help with that. I don't know if it's the compression or the warmth, but my knee cap doesn't get as aggravated during my walks, and my calves feel GREAT.
Great buy—-does not leave an after taste!
These protein powders come in such great flavors and they provide the highest amount of protein with little to no carbs andor sugar.  I have been buying these for years and love them!
This is exactly what I was looking for.  Easy to use right out of the box, comfortable to hold.
OMG !!!!  amazing this is the best purchase ever  works 100%
Disappointed, I had a smoke buddy previous to this one , It lasted ten times longer than this one, I used it for about a week and a half till it was too hard to blow through. Will be finding another product to use
Not pure silicone! I have a corn intolerance (which is in everything!) Used these last night and woke up with swollen sinuses, itchy ears,  and I almost couldn't get the plugs out because my inner ear was swollen so bad. An hour later (after getting them out) and the swelling is going down. Don't get off you're sensitive to things. Thankfully I still had prednisone in my system from a shot 2 days ago.
It’s exactly as described.. adjustable, not too thick and not too thin… you never forget it because it’s around your neck
Low noise but after a couples uses, they are very dull. Makes me wonder if they were used before.
Easy to use gloves and helpful with washing dishes! I was concerned about the size as I have small hands and these are one size but the kinda hug your hand even if they are bigger then I’d need they stay on well!!
This is a fantastic ice roller. It is just heavy enough to have a terrific feel in your hand. The weigh allows it to roll freely smoothly across whatever body part you are working it on. It stays cold long enough to do it's magic. And it's just plain wonderful that it came with a case! Storing it in the freezer is a breeze compared to other rollers that I have. The case makes all the difference in the world. The curve of the handle and the weight of the roller actually even made it a great roller for a back massage. I highly recommend this little device.
Works wonderful on sore tired feet
I used the hearts on another wall since I used these letters on this backdrop. Letter are GREAT!
I have hard calluses feet and hoped that this could help. But unfortunately it was not powerful enough to help them. But it does work great for shaping nails and other things!
I was trying to find a basic sticker to put on my granddaughters books to say who they were from and when. I do not know what I was thinking buying these. They would be awesome for a invitation or something like that. Too fancy and pricey for a label. My fault !!!!
It works!  comfortable to wear.
My local Sally’s and cosmoprof was completely out. Will only purchase from here from now on.
Using this lowered my cholesterol 50 points!
Rim is not padded.  Should have bought higher quality.
Product description was wrong, it said it was compatible with my brush but they weren't.
plastic pieces made this difficult to use.. very cheaply made
Did what it was supposed to do can't sleep in it and that is when my problem occurs
I purchased this to use in a recipe for my skincare on my face. I would recommend this to friends and family for a great glycerin product.I will repurchase this in the future.
Easy to make!
The value for the money is amazing we can't go wrong when you could buy 50 of these at Walgreens or anywhere else for 30 bucks.they fold out they fit your face they're comfortable as any other mask. They're disposable. I wear it all day for my business. Then whenever they wear out I just put a new one on I'm going to be buying many more of these I'm sure
Soylent meal replacement. I've tried the original I'm not a fan of it of the flavor it's kind of blah but when you add in some fruits like pineapple or blueberries are bananas it really becomes pretty good. But over time you get tired of it. This flavor though is really good the chocolate. You don't really need any added ingredients to drink it. I do a dice kind of make it a smoothie in a sense. One thing I do got to say it goes by and I go through quite fast doing the measuring properly. Portable generator last about a week if you use it on a regular basis. I really love the product. I think buying the bottles is a waste of money. Especially if you're drinking you on a regular basis.
I love this lighter. It works great for lighting candles,  I love you can charge it and not worry about buying expensive butane lighters, battery is long lasting,  price is right. I bought one for mother in law for stocking stuffer.  Very giftable.
Does the job well.
This one is made really nice for the price. I was skeptical after finding these for 4 times the price but this one is made very well.
The original basket I needed never came with my knee scooter so I ordered this 1. It fits perfectly under the handles and is easy to put on and take off at the hooks. It has been sturdy so far after 2 weeks. I can put some groceries in it without worry.
I have 3 large dogs and it can some times be a chore to brush their teeth every morning.  However, with this full surround finger toothbrush, brushing is so much easier and faster.  My dogs don't seem to fight me as much as when I was using the regular toothbrushes or the other finger brushes.  One of my dogs, she's the youngest at 16 mos. old almost seems to enjoy her morning brushing.  This toothbrush is really soft (extra soft), which is my 1 concern.  I wish the bristles where a little less soft. Sometimes I wonder if their teeth are really getting a good cleaning because the brush is so soft.  It's great to massage their gums.  This brush has made a world of difference for my dogs.  They let me brush their teeth.  Its great!
If you are looking for some way to decorate your fence, this is a great option. You can put different plants in here that are different colors and really give your yard some color. I will be buying more to finish my yard this Spring. I definitely recommend this.
I bought these to dress up my fence. They look really great! I've put different flowers and plants in them and they look really awesome on my fence.
I think it's salter then most drink bases. I drank some of it before going to bed and had to wake for 3 glasses of water due to dry mouth.
In preparation for the 'big day' i picked up a couple packs. when these pills are put to the test i expect everyone to come back here and update if you have mutated or died. thanks!
Great pair of scissors!!!  They are super study and easy on the hands!
These are super easy to use. They keep your nose open so you can get air in when you sleep. You may look a little odd wearing them, but when you're old you don't care. You just want to sleep. The only downside is my cat thinks they are a toy, and he takes them off the nightstand to his hiding place. So if you have a cat, keep them away from them. Or give them their own pair.
Came DOA. Currently talking to them on a replacement.
Exactly as described. Works well.
I bought this for my husband and I to take on a trip.  The charge held for over 2 weeks. The refill brushes are easy to change.  They would be great for children with the 2 minute timer.
Love these as they were made in USA!  love the tin!
Absolutely not picking up animal fur as its saying. I used for 5 loads already and every time its clean mesh bag inside and cats fur on the clothes.  Dislike it and just wasted money.
No problems at all - easy to use and accurate results!
I've had contacts for 20+ years and always took good care of them (at annual visits the doctor would always comment that he couldn't believe my 2 week soft contacts were over 4 weeks old they were so clean and looked great under the scope. So when my new doctor recommended this due to my eyes battling dry eye and irritation from long dustydirty work days I figured I'd try it but wasn't expecting much.I am a vet and my eyes are bombarded with hair, fuzz, dust, nail dust from the dremel, and all kinds of things and my contacts are in from 6 am to after 10 at night. Most days I have to take out and rinse one at least once. Some days they just feel like something is stuck on them alllllll day.  This treatment does seem to freshen them a bit, nothing miraculous since I keep mine very clean but I use it weekly or as a last resort if one contact is really bugging me to see if it's salvageable or ready to toss. The peroxide is strong if you have a cut, rash, ezcema, or something and you get some on your hand it will burn. I rinse like crazy before I put them back in my eyes. This one expires in under a year so I don't know if I'll use it up with mostly weekly uses.
I use these as a veterinarian for cutting pig tusks. These wires are sharp but no matter the brand or price, they are extremely finicky. They do NOT like to be kinked, bent, or handled roughly. A tiny kink will quickly fray or snapbreak completely. When doing multiple 300 lb plus angry pot belly pigs, speed is of the essence and I really have to baby these things- can't stuff them in a pocket, through them in a carrier bag or box with other things. I've already been down to my last one and it had snapped twice leaving me with about 5 inches of length and it was fraying before my eyes as I tried to finish my last tusk.They cut through tusks and casts beautifully. The handle hooks are comfortable but useless once you let go, they don't stay onin the loops, I prefer locking wrenches or even needle noses but again, you can't leave them on and set them and the wire down as any bending of the wire will cause breakage.
Just what I needed.
I loved how this made my skin feel after using. No unexpected reactions from my sensitive skin.
Only fit my kids’ masks with thin straps. But helpful for school where masks are mandatory but taken off for eating and PE.
This mask did not have as much contour shaping around the eyes as some other masks I have used, but the thin cloth around the nose to block light gaps and the super comfortable strap over my ears more than made up for it. A much better improvement over my last sleep mask.
Many masks we have, the straps are are way to thick to use with these straps. I do like the clips, similar to a necklace clasp, which is more secure than many of the plastic clips other straps use, but we cannot use as extensively due to the narrow width.
It’s a gift for a relative. It comes in a nice giftable box. The ribbon needs to be tied. It’s larger than I was expecting, which was a pleasant surprise, but the quality is as expected.
Kleenex with lotion is so soft and comfortable. Definitely my favorite tissue for winter sniffles!
I have 10.5” straws. They are a great size for larger cups, but they are a little tall for my normal Starbucks drink. I bought this shorter size so I didn’t have quite so much straw sticking up over my cup. This has been great and I don’t feel like I might impale myself on my latte straw anymore. I’ve also used in a standard 12 Oz can of soda and have been happy.What makes this set really stand out, compared to others I have purchased, is that it comes with the carry bag and the straw brushes. That’s super helpful, especially if this is a first straw purchase.
Comfortable, easy to wear. I wear it almost all the time.
I had bought this to clean my water bottle. The brush is made of dense, soft foam chunks, and looks like it would work great -- but it's too big to fit into the mouth of my reusable water bottle. You can't even squeeze the foam enough to cram it into the bottle. It's just too big. Would probably be great for washing pitchers and jars, and better than regular brushes because it has more surface area to clean with, but I was disappointed that I couldn't use it for what I intended.
I've used this for years now, it gives me the feeling that my back feels better, not sure how it works, but I use it on my back.
Beautiful color and sweet scented soap.  I love the horse in motion that they captured in making this.
the frames are heavier than expected, the nose pieces dig into the sides of my, can only where for a short amount of time
I used these capsules for approximately 1 month but did not find them helpful at all. I have not reordered.
Liked how it cuts through rolled gauze easily and without difficulty without hurting patients
Not bad but I think being that my foot is small it rides up so I find myself pulling it down but when I do that it doesn’t cover my fore toe but I will continue to use it because i need to see if it works better, it’s only been 1 day, so I will update later.
I was shockingly surprised but this actually works!! Good thing I have two in this pack!! It helps me when I'm walking!!
Loved it so much&#60; i bought a second for a friend!
Mix with something strong and it's fine
Don't be afraid to switch hands if one eye's application gives you more trouble than the other.
I Love them! Can't wait to finish my doily so I can block it.Much better than using a padded towel!!
Good product, but on silver jewelry, use with caution.  I suggest testing a small area first.  Don't leave silver jewelry immersed longer than a couple of seconds.  Love it for sterling silver chains = quickly dip in and out.  I always rinse jewelry in water after dipping.
Works good!
arrive as promised - was as described - nicely packaged -
These are almost a buffing file not a fine sanding file. They work well as buffing but not so much for shaping.
I take lisine for two different reasons: The lysine you consume can help your gastrointestinal tract absorb calcium and reduce how much of this mineral is excreted into your urine.Because your body can’t manufacture lysine, you must include it in the foods you eat or in supplement. This LLysine is a really good supplement. I am very pleased with the results I am getting from the Bronson LLysine
Now I can get the whole first floor windows done. The building is very tall so the second and third are out of the question but the main floor looks good :)
I love this stuff, it forgives many a droop and wrinkle. I use it on my chest and neck, and a few other areas too. It's not an outright eraser but it really helps,
A good laundry product, I keep coming back for more.
Great scale arrive in perfect condition.
This product works, but it takes a lot, I mean a lot, of elbow grease even after it has had time to soften the sealer up.
loved it till the infuser stopped working
Awesome for traveling, not great for an everyday toothbrush. I threw a pack in my purse in case of emergency
This was the best purchase. The house we moved in the rooms were thick. I have bad allergies and I was swallowing blood but when this was plugged in I could breathe!! We bought one for every room!! Best decision ever!
I lve this style of back scrubber, not just for my back but for the back of my legs and even the bottoms of my feet.  I highly recommend them, especially if you are not as physically limber as you used to me (like me).
Great Product For Your Lungs.
Perfect size for travel!
Works great for larger sunglasses.  The case is harder shell so it doesn't crush your glasses. Definitely would recommend.
Whether recovering from athletic or work activities or an injury, these items will help, especially the back, hips, legs, and feet.
Unfortunately, this product was hard as a rock, not high enough for me, and much too small to be helpful. It was returned.
Excellent product. I have very thin, sensitive skin, and using band aids usually causes more damage. I was getting desperate when I saw these. I had to use them this week and they are perfect for me. They are truly made for sensitive skin, come off easily, and do no damage, and they stay on until you take them off.
These are sturdy, lomg lasting arch and heel supports. They are firm but with some give. Have a high heel and higher arch supports. The only inserts I'll use for preventing heel pain and supporting my unusually high arches.
My hair seems to be improving or at least that is what my hairdresser says.
I will definitely not get a 4 month's use out of these KitchLife Reusable Bamboo Paper Towels. My intended use was to use them as "hand towels" in the bathroom, but they are not soft or very absorbent. You really have to wet them to get use from them.The roll and towels are smaller than "paper" towels, and they have a weird texture. They are not scrubby, but work fine for cleaning up the bathroom sink and counter in between deep cleanings. You can also wash and reuse them. Though I would hand wash them instead of machine wash. And, I would spray them with Hypochlorous Acid, or another peopleanimal friendly disinfectant.I don't particularly want a bunch of these just hanging around in a container, or hanging to dry, as I don't really like cleaning with them. They are just meh to me. I'd rather use microfiber cloths.
This XUYU Infrared Heating Pad Natural Jade Tourmaline for Back Neck Shoulder gets nice and toasty, but is stiff, and smells like burning wires or chemicals. I love the size, as it covers my entire back, though I am quite short. This is the first time I've tried a heating pad that has Jade tourmaline, but it seems to give it a more even, and hot heat.  It does take a little while longer for it to heat up than a regular heating pad, but there's no way I could use it turned on the highest setting, as it gets so very hot. The heating pad material is quite stiff and just does not feel very nice against my skin. It would be quite hard to wrap around your shoulder or any other part of your body, as it is not very flexible. I even find it a bit uncomfortable leaning back on it, when sitting on my sofa.When turned on, it smells quite strongly of wires or chemicals burning. I thought that it would go away after a bit of use, but it is still the same. I know some people go to sleep with a heating pad on, but I would not feel safe leaving this one on without it being looked after. The smell bothered me so bad, I actually stopped using it, for fear that there is a short in it somewhere.Though I really love the heat produced by this natural Jade tourmaline heating pad, the burning smell makes me afraid to use it. It is nice and large, but the stiffness of the material is a bit uncomfortable, as well. Maybe it is supposed to be that way, due to the Jade tourmaline, but neither the smell nor the feel is very comforting to me. Hopefully others will not have this experience, but it's just not my favorite.
This is a pretty nice Vanilla fragrance oil. It is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. There's no such thing as vanilla essential oil. In the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. The price is also an indicator that this is not a vanilla absolute, which costs many times the cost of this bottle.This Vanilla fragrance oil smells like a Vanilla with a sugary hint. It is a rather nice smelling fragrance oil and works pretty much like essential oil, as far as diffusing, DIY air fresheners, wax melts, and candles. I would not use this to make any kind of lip balms or anything to actually go on the skin, like lotions, since this is made with chemicals.Otherwise, it smells very nice and I would recommend it as a great fragrance oil.
This Dr. Mercola Organic White Grapefruit Essential Oil has a nice fresh aroma. It will be great for making blends to go in my diffusers. I have a pink grapefruit essential oil already and was hoping this one would be a little different, but they smell pretty much the same. Though it smells good on its own, there are many blends using grapefruit that smell so good, and I look forward to trying lots of them.It does seem to have a lighter scent than I'm used to, so I would not trust using it in any skin or lip recipes. For diffusing and candle making, I would definitely recommend it.
I got this OvaCue Wireless Fertility Monitor for my daughter, who only has one ovary, due to having to have one removed. She is young and is looking so forward to starting a family, but her cycles are not regular. This monitor is working better for her than any other tests or means they have tried. She said it was easy to set up, easy to use, and seems to be accurate. She can really see what is happening on charts made from the daily test results and there is lots of helpful information throughout. It is still early, but I'm hopeful that I will be told that she is expecting soon.This really is a great monitor for women like her, and others who have struggled with health issues and with other tests and trials of this and that, that have been nothing but letdowns. This is really something great and different. Highly recommended!
This Beurer Professional Ultrasonic Cleanser with Digital Timer works well for cleaning the pail of vintage costume and real jewelry I have that really needs it. It's pretty easy to figure out without even looking at the directions, but you may need to for precautions and water requirements, if using dish soap. I used a jewelry cleaning liquid meant for Ultrasonic Cleaners, and cleaned several pieces at a time. I have a few large pieces that will need to be done in sections, but for most regular jewelry the size is sufficient. It did a good job cleaning the pieces I experimented with. It has a timer that goes by 30 second intervals, with the highest time limit at 7:30. I'm not sure why that particular number is the magic one for this device, but some tools and other items that are particularly dirty, may need more time. Overall, it is a nice working cleaner for household jewelry and semi-small items, and I would definitely recommend it.
Update 2522: I tried to give this blow dryer a shot on the highest wind setting at medium heat. Mind you, it normally takes less than 10 minutes to dry my terribly fine thin hair. It didn't even make it halfway through before it crapped out. Dead. The plug didn't shut it off. It just died. With all of its shortcomings and now this, it's a definite no go...2322: This ENISECA 1875 Watt Negative Ionic Hair Dryer is not as versatile as it is made out to be. I was really looking forward to being able to change the temperature and wind settings to my liking. I have fine thin hair, and need a lower speed with hotter temperatures than most blow dryers have. With this blow dryer, it's impossible.The only time you can adjust the temperature is if it's on the highest wind speed, which is totally ridiculous. If you lower the wind speed at all, it goes to the coldest temperature, which is even more ridiculous. I do appreciate being able to change the temperature on the highest wind setting, but I need a lower wind setting and a higher temperature setting than cold. And, I do mean cold.After deciphering the meaning behind this seemingly faulty setting, they make it appear that a lower wind speed should only have low temperatures for children's sake. I didn't buy this blow dryer for a child, I bought it for myself. Furthermore, I would not want to blow dry my child's hair with cold air.This blow dryer could have been a super win all around, but instead it's a flop for me. It's fine if you only blow dry your hair on a mediumhigh speed at all times, but for those of us who don't or can't do that, it's pretty much useless. Just to note, the highest wind speed setting is not nearly high enough to please those with thick long hair, but it  get extremely hot. This is not my favorite.
These JSPA Non Binding Socks are very soft and have no rough seams. I have a Neurovascular problem that causes pain and swelling in my feet and legs. Wearing regular socks often makes my feet hot causing the issue to worsen. They are nice and thick and feel very cushy, but don't make my feet sweat. I've found that bamboo is much kinder and more breathable than cotton. These socks don't cause indentations on my legs and feet after wearing them and being on my feet for several hours. They are well made, good quality socks, and are as they claim. I would definitely recommend them.
I've taken prescription Meclizine for Vertigo for years, and this Rising Health Meclizine seems to work just as well. It makes me a little sleepy, just like the rx, and gets rid of most of the spinning, just like the rx. I get it really bad sometimes, so nothing gets rid of the spinning and nausea completely, but I'd be in rough shape if I didn't keep this on hand. This Rising Health Meclizine works great and I would definitely recommend it.
This has a lavender note to it, but not the strong unmistakable scent of any lavenderslavandins I've worked with before. It is not floral to my nose at all. It has a somewhat chemical pine like scent that is present that I'm not fond of. There is no information about the oil, as in the botanical name or its origin, on the bottle or packaging. I'm certain this is not true lavender.
I've been using collagen powder for a few months now, and have noticed some real changes. The biggest being with my digestive system. I've suffered from stomach issues on a daily basis for years, due to colitis and adhesions. Collagen powder supplements are really doing wonders for my tummy, so that I don't have so much pain. They just seem to make things so healthy in there.This Colageno Hidrolizado En Polvo Peptides Collagen powder mixes very easily into my coffee and my overnight oats. I cannot taste it at all in either one. And, it doesn't have or leave a nasty powder or grainy texture in the last half of my coffee. I can't even tell it's in there.This collagen powder comes in an XL large plastic container that is barely half filled with this wonderful supplement. It is such a waste to have to throw out SO much more plastic than necessary. Otherwise, this is great stuff at a great price! I would definitely recommend it.
This can be a very dangerous and TENS unit. It is not a slimming instrument. It is very much like the devices used in doctors and physical therapy offices. It comes with a less than adequate "manual", with over-the-top claims of making you slim and trim, increasing your bust size, among many other crazy things.This should come with much better instructions, warnings, and contraindications. There are so many ways that you can use a TENS unit in the wrong way that is very dangerous and life-threatening. There is no mention of warnings or contraindications, whatsoever, in the hyped up "manual".What my sensitive nerves experienced were unpleasant muscle contractions, along with zaps and zings to the point that I could not stand it. I can use a regular TENS unit on lower settings, but the "Instrument" I received is a bit unstable, and every electrode does not put out the same strengthintensity on the chosen stimulation mode. I used ultrasound gel and made sure the electrodes were well covered, but it didn't seem to make a difference. I still got zapped by one electrode or another. Maybe this machine is just too strong for my nerves. They are rather sensitive.This might work as a very good TENS unit for some people, but I don't believe one word about it toning your body, making you lose weight, enhancing your breast or any other part of your body. Those are just outright lies. That is why they put hyphens in between such words in the listing.Many people would love such a device for the relief of pain without being told it will help them lose weight, develop strong and beautiful breasts, and even prevent cancer, when it clearly will not. People who are in pain are desperate to relieve it without the use of medications. They would gladly buy a professional TENS unit, but who wants to buy a gimmick?Sadly, this will not work for me, even as a TENS unit. I just wish that it were sold solely as such.
I had not heard of D-Mannose and Cranberry Supplement until a few months ago when I was desperately seeking relief from UTIs every few months. I'd been taking apple cider vinegar, cream of tartar, and baking soda, which works well, but takes too long.After the first sign of another UTI, I took three of these for 5 days, and I stopped having any symptoms from day one. It never did turn into a full-blown UTI. I've been taking one a day ever since.I'm so thankful to have found this, as UTIs are so painful and irritating. It's nice to have something that will help keep them away. Though this is a bit expensive, it works very well. I might look for a coupon or shop around when I run out, but I would absolutely recommend taking D-Mannose and Cranberry Supplements.
I've used and studied essential oils for many years. I make and sell soap and bath and body products using them. I also diffuse them daily. I've used real sandalwood and it's dupe, Amyris essential oil, which is known as West Indian Sandalwood.Real Sandalwood essential oil is extremely expensive. Most inexpensive Sandalwood that is sold on the market is actually Amyris (Balsamifera) Essential Oil, better known as West Indian Sandalwood, which smells very similar, but costs much less.This Sandalwood does not smell like Sandalwood, nor does it smell like Amyris. It reminds me more of a middle eastern fragrance oil that is light in nature, and very perfume-like. There are no sweet notes of benzoin or vanilla that dry down to blend with the soft, warm notes that are woodsy and a bit smokey. In fact, this oil is not reminiscent of Sandalwood at all, to my nose. It has more of a feminine perfume like scent.I would definitely search for true Sandalwood, which is extremely expensive, or the much more affordable, Amyris Essential Oil. You will get a very warm pleasant smelling oil, instead of one that is very perfumy. I would not recommend this.
This facial steamer comes in pieces in a plain cardboard box. There are instructions on how to put it together and how to use it, but it's pretty self-explanatory. Once together, you fill the steamer cup to the max line with hot tap water, add essential oils to a cotton swab and stick it in the aromatherapy bud holder next to the nozzle, if desired, and turn the heat and light on. Within just a few moments, there's a steady stream of steam coming out of the nozzle. It goes a fair distance, but to get the best coverage of your face with the steam, you will want to be about 15 inches below the nozzle.The steam feels really wonderful and relaxing! It runs for about 4 to 5 minutes and really opens your pores to help clean away any impurities.I really like the simplicity of this facial steamer, but would not consider it professional quality. The mechanical portion and cup are made of very lightweight plastic, do not seem extremely durable, and it is very basic in its function. I have been a cosmetologist for over 30 years, and this is more suited for home use.Using this facial steamer is a great way to take care of your skin and a wonderful way to spend time doing some self-care. There's nothing like spending some time a day or two each week and really taking good care of your skin. This facial steamer will help you do that in the comfort of your own home, and save you money at the same time. I'm really enjoying it and would definitely recommend it!
I have two bucket dispensers for these towels, and I use the refills in them and in so many other places. I have never made wipes, but just use the towelswipes dry. Having the center pull is so easy and convenient.I always keep a bucket in my car for any mishaps or other needs. These are great to keep a roll in the bathroom to be more sanitary than hand towels, in the craft room for all sorts of things, in the garage for clean ups and sweaty foreheads, in the laundry room for spills or hand drying, and so many other places. There are just so many places to put a bucket or roll of these wipestowels, wet or dry.These are not the thickest, but if you need a paper towelwipe, you'll be glad you have them in reach. They are pretty expensive, so I only get them if they are on a good sale, but I would definitely recommend them!
This oil smells like perfume. It is a fragrance oil or blend, not an essential oil. There's no such thing as vanilla essential oil. And, there is no evidence whatsoever that this is any type of certified organic anything. Real organic actual essential oils have to be certified. In the world of vanilla, there are vanilla absolutes, vanilla extract, vanilla flavoring, and vanilla fragrance oils or blends. Please do your research before purchasing this product. This is a vanilla fragrance oil or blend that is not meant to go into a diffuser. The price is also an indicator that this is not a true vanilla absolute, which is what would be used in a diffuser or in soaps. Vanilla absolutes are expensive. These are cheap and they smell cheap. They do not smell anything like vanilla at all. They smell like perfume. Not a good perfume and not a vanilla perfume. I would not recommend whatever kind of oils these are at all.
These FG Clean Wipes are great for cleaning so many things and have so many other uses, as well. They clean very well without harsh chemicals and without leaving any lint behind. They don't tear apart like paper towels, they are more like thin indestructible fiber cloths.I've kept one in my oil box and have been using it for several days to clean my Essential Oil diffusers. Just washing them with soap and water doesn't get all of the residual oils out, but these cloths do. I'm sure that one cloth will last for quite a while. I'm also keeping one on my nail table to wipe my brushes clean when using poly gels and other liquids. If I get anything on it, I can shake it off in the trash and put it in my LED lamp, so the polish or polygel can cure and I can continue using it as long as possible. I've taped one to the inside of my new LED nail lamp, so that the bottom of it doesn't get dirty with polish or other nail enhancement liquids or gels. I've used a couple of them to do a quick clean of my refrigerator, inside and out.I know I'm missing some things, but they're just so many uses for them. These are wonderful cloths and I absolutely recommend them!
I've already used a few of these towels to clean my Air fry oven and dual microwave convection oven that were in need of cleaning, and it did a wonderful job. My air fry oven and microwave look brand new again. But, this is not the main reason that I wanted them.A while back, I took on the endeavour of repainting my kitchen and bathroom cabinets. I thought it was going to be a simple job, but it turns out that there's a lot more to it than just a little sanding and painting. It's taking me a while, I'm only halfway through, and I'm on a little break right now, but will be back at it within the next week or so. These towels are going to be great for all the chemicals I'm going to have to use, and all the scrubbing and cleaning I'm going to have to do. Especially, in the bathrooms, as I haven't done any of the prep work in those two rooms, yet.I'm trying to go off memory of the proper steps, so I may miss something. You have to clean your cabinets with a strong special cleaner, then lightly sand them, and then reclean with a 5050 mixture of water and denatured alcohol. You also have to keep ammonia on hand for some reason, but I can't remember exactly why. This might not be everyone's way, but this is just how I was taught to do it, and it's working well. The job was taxing on me because I didn't have good towels to use. I was using a sponge and paper towels for a good part of it, and they just weren't cutting it. I think there's something in the makeup of these towels that make them clean better and will make my job of prepping my cabinets a lot easier. I'll also need them to wipe away any sanding dust in between coats, and these will leave them lint-free, unlike paper towels.Just from using a few of these to clean my Air fry oven and microwave, I know there's some super special cleaning power in these towels. I know that they will serve me well while doing my cabinet painting jobs. Because of how durable they are and well they last, I'm sure I'll have some left over to do other cleaning jobs around the house. I definitely recommend these towels!
When you unbox this, you can tell that it's not a very high-quality shaver. Though, I've tried it on my "it's winter and also during Covid times" upper leg hair, and it works okay, but it pulls hair quite frequently, and that hurts! Like all others, I thought I would be able to use it in the shower, but apparently, it's a risk to do so according to the written instructions. So, I won't be using this thing in the shower on my *bikini* area where I intended to use it...where it says it's intended to be used. I'm not quite sure what will happen if I do, and I'm not one for taking chances.I don't like the thought of an unknown catastrophe with a lithium battery, nor do I like my hair being yanked from its roots. I do like having clear and concise specifications and directions. There are none to be found here. So, if you're like me, pass this one by. Otherwise, go for it!
This little flower sonic brush cleaner is perfect to use every day if you use Retin-A. It is soft, yet it cleans away any dirt, oil, or peeling, without causing any irritation. Those who use Retin-A know that the vigorous brush cleanings can only be done a couple of times a week or else your skin gets really sore and painful. This little cleaning brush does not cause that and gives a great cleaning for everyday. And, it really gets into the creases around the nose and does great for cleaning out your pores.I use a micellar gel cleanser with this and usually go through two 90 second sessions on the nights I don't use Retin-A, and one very light pressure session on the nights I do. I then apply my skincare or my Retin-A. About once a week I use my regular cleansing brush to do a deep clean, but only for a minute or two.I really love this little flower sonic cleansing brush. It is not harsh, it gives a great cleaning, it feels good, and it helps wash away the peelies from using Retin-A. Highly recommend.
I was surprised upon receiving these masks. I opened the poly shipping bag to find the three masks inside. Not realizing it, I had ripped not only the shipping label but the packaging label at the same time. It contained information about the company and the masks. I found this unprofessional, but I guess the company is saving money by making the shipping polybag their official company packaging.The masks are made very simple, without any adjustability to them. I found them difficult to wear because I wear glasses, and they do not have a nose bridge piece to make them more fitted. The elastic bands are also too long, and it's hard to tie them to make them shorter. Therefore, my glasses always got fogged-up when I wore them.Overall, my impressions are that the packaging is unprofessional, and the masks are subpar and could use improvements.
This is a really cool-looking shaver! My son is into skulls and thinks this is the neatest thing ever. He says all of the shaving and trimming functions work quite well, which was a bit unexpected for a seemingly novelty device. But, when it comes to the brushes they don't clip into the base and stay there. Therefore, once turned on, they can fall out at any time. The instructions do say to attach the brushes, place them against your face, and then turn the shaver on. So, maybe they are just held on by pressure. The instruction booklet is a good size and readable, which is a plus in my book.Aside from the brushes not snapping into the shaver as all the other attachments do, this shaver looks cool and also functions very well. I would definitely recommend it, especially for skull lovers and teenage boys just starting out shaving. 4 stars ✨
I love the fact that this supplement has so much packed into each pill. It has loads of vitamins, minerals, collagen, extracts, keratin and so many other good things that help your hair grow and stay healthy. Not to mention, it's also just as good for your skin and nails.I have Hashimoto's, and my hair was falling out so badly. Taking good supplements for the hair has helped my hair grow back and not fall out as much anymore. I do have a hard time taking large doses of biotin at one time but finding a supplement that is loaded with so many good ingredients at such high doses, such as this one, I only have to take one per night.As long as I continue to take great supplements like these, my hair stays in good condition. I definitely recommend this packed full of goodness supplement to anyone who is suffering from hair loss or issues with their skin or nails. 5 stars ✨
This is a nice ice roller. It rollsspins without effort and doesn’t stick, even when very cold. Compared to another I have, this handle is easier to hold as it’s made for a normal grip (I have another one where the handle is somewhat triangle shaped). The freezer case is especially nice, as you can store it without worry of food contact. It doesn’t take up much room in the freezer. I recommend this model.
All of these so-called healing tools with heating elements seem to emit extremely high EMFs. I'm a super-sensitive and this thing set me off ASAP. There is an AWFUL odor that smells like burning wires that I could detect after a minute or so of heating. The pad was getting hot but I was feeling nauseated being near it so I pulled out the EMF meter. Both settings, one for electric and the other for magnetic, both fields were almost maxed out at various places on the pad. I feel scrambled just having done this experiment and had it on for less than 3 minutes. Do not recommend that this would assist human health, I think the negatives outweigh the benefits. As far as I've seen, only MediCrystal has a method to contain the dirty EMFs and have a truly healing heating pad with crystals, and this looks like a direct ripoff of their designs.
It's ok, it's hard to keep it snug enough to the feet and even then doesn't get as hot as I'd like. Then there's the whole tipping the scales on the magnetic fields reading on my Trifield EMF meter issue...seems like the payoff isn't good enough for the risk.
This massager is ok - I can recline in my zero-gravity chair and it's pretty nice behind my low back, holds up to my weight but I can tell it's starting to struggle a little as opposed to another brand I have that doesn't give in at all. I also wouldn't advertise it as a neck massager - it's too wide for the neck. Scrapes the outline of the traps but that's about it, not bad on upper back. It's a one-trick pony but that's what these little massage pillows are. It's a 3.5 - pretty good, not great, and compared to another one I've reviewed, slightly underwhelming enough to not give it a 4.
So far the pills are fine and easy to take and thank you for the quick mailing them.
been using these for almost 3 weeks daily am time and I find myself having more energy for whatever I'm doing. (work, walkrunningbicycling) etc I like the fact that it's only two tablets per dosage. It's also very helpful in removing a lot of water they get to retain in the body which causes bloating. (excess water).You can take 2 tablets 1-3 times perday. I find (for myself) since I'm high energy and active that 1 time per day works. Find out what's best for you. No crash effect and you feel alert.
As the headline stated. After taking it while eating I felt less bloated stomach and face afterwards. You do feel more attentive and energetic but more focused. Will be buying a bigger bottle later on. Used it for 1 month. My only recommendation is take it with something, food or if its mid day a tiny snack not just liquids due causing an upset stomach. Its not painful or bothersome, it just feels warm.
I like this hair trimmer, it’s professional quality and better than any I’ve used before. My wife does my hair, she said it is very ergonomic and it work wonderfully. It is reasonably priced,  high quality and good value for money.Pros:- It’s light and works very well. - this thing still has plenty of power after just one full charge!- Easy to clean. Remarkably so. I’ve owned a few trimmers, and none have opened as well as this one to clean out the hair.Cons:USB cord is short.
This is a nice looking teal colored denture bath that is large enough to hold my partial denture. It measures about 2.9 x 3.5 x 3 inches and weighs only 2.2 ounces.  I like the color and the design. I use to have a denture bath which looked similar to this except for the size. It was a little smaller but sturdier than this. I lost it on one of my trips and had to buy this one. This is a little larger but plenty of space. I am sure you can fit both lower and upper dentures. It has a drain basket to discard the wash solution after use, and I wash the bath manually under warm running water. I am satisfied with this purchase.
Sometime I remember to write on a notepad to do something around the home or at work so that I don't forget, but never bothered to put a notepad on my nightstand. After seeing this cute little pad on Amazon.com, I ordered one for myself. The device has a cool feature that lights up when the pen is removed and lights off when pen is replaced. It has nice comfortable design and you can hold it pretty well while writing it. I have been using this for the last four weeks and I really love it. It is useful and reasonably priced. I have rated four-stars for its design and features.
I use essential oils by themselves before my yoga practice and typically choose ones not diluted in a carrier oil. Even then, the scent only lasts about ten minutes.This combination is just wonderful. Clean, fresh, uplifting and balancing.Great for men and women as it’s not floral.I put it on both wrists and found myself being drawn to its unique blend. There’s something really captivating about it: energizing yet soothing.
Very high quality product,. though I can't say the same for the pump mechanism, which broke at the top after the first use. It was still functional...just a bit less so.The lotion is emollient and rich without being oily. The scent is redolent of apples, and it doesn't linger after the first few minutes.
A friend of mine, who is a dermatologist, once said that petroleum jelly is one of the absolute best things you can use to soften and heal dry, cracked skin.I like the value here and the ease with which the top comes off and gently snaps back on.
These reusable paper towels are quite strong even when wet.  They make light work of messes and can be used over and over.  The texture is good for scrubbing dried on food off of the stove and counters.  I really like them.I do wish they had other color choices.
This toddler bedfootresthammock is a game changer.  You can tell the design was thoroughly thought out.  It is easy to setup so that you are not interrupting the passenger in front.  The material is lightweight and durable.  It's easy to store and small enough to place in your carry-on.  It even has a bottle holder and a non-slip back.Get one.
So it has USB-C charging, but doesn't come with the adapter - just the cable. It powers onoff easily, and takes just a little bit to warm up. The plastic strip needs to go from black to 'light', then it is ready to use. There are different modes, but I am still unsure how hot this thing gets. The instructions are written very poorly - you can tell English isn't the manufacturers native language.This does curl eyelashes, but just takes a minute to understand how to correctly use it.I would recommend PALAMELA Heated Eyelash Curler, Electric Eyelash Curlers.
This is one of the best cheap beauty tool that is on the market right now! It is very affordable and within the budget. It is a no frills device, just place it in the refrigirator and it actually works! It is alao portable and can be brought during travel! What I love about this is that it also has a container which protects it from bacteria while in the ref! It is very helpful in giving relief against sinus pressure. Also, it instantly lifts and freshens up a tired face! The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that I find it cost more than similar products in the market now. Recommending it though!
The first thing that I like with this brush is the color! It looks sleek in design. However, it is lighweight like an regular toothbrush and has smaller bristle heads you would think they are for kids. So it would really depend on your preference if you want those heavier regular or this. This would be good for kids though. Also, it comes with two boxes anda lot of extra heads. The originalcost seems to be pricey, also the sale price. But since you get two boxes with extra brush heads, it's a good value.
I like this pimple popper kit! I basically use to remove my whiteheads and blackheads. It is always part of my monthly regular beauty routine! It has effectively remove the blackheads on my nose! It has all the basic tools you need. Price is reasonable too! Love it. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because it arrive almost a month late.
What I like about this product is it comes with a teeth whitening pen and a desentizing serum esp for sensitive teeth like mine. The strips sticks well with the gums and there is a cooling effect. The results are comparable with the branded ones. I was confused though with how often you get to apply it. It says full 14 days treatment so that would mean 14 days consecutive days.
I have almost finished the first bottle and haven’t noticed any effect whatsoever. I’ll give it two stars for the healthy ingredients, but that’s it.
This roll on does give immediate help with hot flashes, but it doesn't last very long. I find myself needing to use it several times a day. It applies easily and has a light, pleasant scent.
My son has a varied, healthy diet, but as a toddler, the majority of the new foods I give him end up on the floor or in the trash. He particularly despises meat, so I looked for an iron-containing vitamin to make up the difference. These vitamins taste pretty good (I've tried them too), and my son claims they taste like candy. His most recent hemoglobin blood test revealed no low levels for him. He also keeps growing quickly, so it must be working.
This lotion is a gel and not a cream. It is transparent and is not thick. When you rub it on rough heels, it gives a slippery smooth feel. As the gel has aloe vera, the gel makes the skin soft and smooth. It has a subtle fragrance-- somewhat like litchi.  It is nongreasy and gets absorbed fast. The product doesn't say much about what a user should expect from the gel; I would say expect the skin to get smooth and soft each time you take a quarter size on your fingers. It leaves a hydrating feeling when you first out it and leaves a minty after-effect.Overall, the cream is great.
Product is as described. Arrived in a timely manner. I wish it said on the box where it was manufactured- I can’t find it. I think it may be covered up by the sticker
Kaizen’s Anti-Cellulite Massage Oil is packed full of wonderful ingredients to help your skin and beneath.POSITIVE• Excellent list of ingredients with no problematic additives• Many ingredients (lemon, grapefruit oils) included are known to break down fats and oils such as cellulite• Smell of included oils are delightfulNEGATIVE• The price is a bit high for the volume, but it’s not out of the ballpark of other massage oils.
The massager comes in a very nice decorative box.  Presentation is everything especially if giving as a gift and this was a definite plus about the massager.The massager is a high quality well made product.  It is made of ceramic.  However, I would be fearful of dropping it or sliding of my night stand and it breaking.  That may just be me and my clumsy self?The massager comes with detailed instructions.  It details the various sections of the tool and which sections target specific areas of the body and pain points.  The instructions are very clear and helpful.I tried the massager on several parts of my body using the printed instructions in the box.  I did not experience any type of therapeutic relief or comfort on any of the areas I tried.The product is high quality and well made, but for me I found no personal value in it.  Sensory products such as this are a very subjective item, though.  What one person doesn't like the next person may like?
Product arrived quickly. The product is exactly as it appears online. The colors shown in the photos are exactly the colors I received.The product comes in a plastic case for storage. The top of my case had a crack in it upon arrival. Not a big deal.Product works exactly like expected. Getting your pet to cooperate with something like this it’s easier said than done. Recommend starting your pet using a product like this as a puppy or kitten if possible to acclimate them.The material of the finger brush is quality plastic or rubber. It easily slipped onto my finger and more importantly stayed on my finger while using. It was easy to takeoff and easy to clean.There are two brushes connected for two different fingers. I am not sure why. In most scenarios I can’t imagine you would be able to stick both fingers in your pets mouth at the same time and use both of them. A one finger brush would be just fine.
I bought this product to try removing the soft peach fuzz on my face.  I've previously used a disposable razor and microblading tools and was looking for something that was more effective and efficient.I tried both the razor function and the epilator function.  The directions contained in the box were clear and easy to understand.  I appreciated that it came with paper instructions instead of many items now that do not and require you to watch a video online.  The paper instructions were much easier to take in my bathroom as I tried for the first time instead of my laptop and a video.I tried both functions on my arm first. The high speed of the epilator was a bit uncomfortable.  Tried on my face.  Tried the razor first.  Then changed to the epilator. I first tried on low and then on high.  Mistake!  The machine literally caught my skin in it when on high speed.  It cut the surface of the skin and left a mark like a cat scratched my face...see photo!  That was it…..I was done. No more!There are 2 detachable pieces to switch between depending upon whether you want to use razor or epilator mode.  They easily come off.  It's clearobvious how to align each piece and attach.Couple of notes:Onoff button is "stiff' to use.  It doesn't "glide" onoff.  Not a problem.  Merely fyi.Comes with batteries.  That was a plus, because it saved me a few more $$.The device is a bit "loud" in my opinion.  You could not discreetly use this product.Was difficult to use in the jaw line which is the area I most wanted to use it on.I will NOT be using this device again!  I will go back to using my inexpensive micro blading tools!
Love this lemon juice. Will use it forever!
Up until recently, it's been hard to find good vegan sources of D3. This is a powerful source of veggie D3 that packs double the punch of my usual supplies of vitamin D3. Usually, I find 5,000 IU to be the standard. I've read varying opinions about 5k+, and have heard that the body doesn't absorb larger amounts as well as 2k or smaller. The National Academy of Medicine lists the upper daily limit at 4,000 IU, though doses up to 10,000 IU have been found NOT to cause toxicity in healthy humans. For this reason, I won't be taking daily mega-doses of vitamin D. I will take these capsules once or twice a week in supplement to my daily multivitamin, which contains 100% of my daily supply of vitamin D. I like taking more, especially during the winter, as my health insurance does not approve vitamin D tests in healthy individuals my age.All that said, this is a good quality mushroom-based source of vitamin D3, formulated by a former Cleveland Clinic doctor. Recommended, and long-lasting if one takes once or twice a week as a supplement to daily multivitamins! I'm set for a year or two!
I love the sleek black color of this stretcher. There are no instructions in the package, but information is available here on the site. Google "cervical traction" and you will find examples, exercises, and more information. As always, make sure you are in communication with your doctor or chiropractor to make sure you're on the right path.The last neck stretcher I used was plastic with foam around it, and naturally the foam disintegrated over time. I appreciate this stretcher which seems to be a very dense foam. The sides seem to push on my occipital bones to encourage a stretch. I make sure that the base is right against my shoulders so those little points are in place. I only use for 10-15 minutes at a time, usually at the end of the day. This helps me regain curvature in my neck to compensate for my desk job. I love this particular model, and enjoy using it to relieve neck tension after work. Recommended!
 I really like how lightweight these clippers are! Also the directions in the book are very easy to understand! I think it’s also really cool that it shows you how much battery life is left! And I feel like it’s a really cool feature for the adjustable blade length as well! These do not seem to bother my dog at all!
Well-renowned probiotic for IBD other gastrointestinal issues.  Great because they are usually considered stable at room temperature, although sometimes they send them to you cold and then you think you have to keep them refrigerated.  Considering the relative low price, it seems like a good starting point on the road to recovery.
Organic is key here, because I think pesticides really stick on the skins of citrus fruits and would definitely be in an oil pressing.  More importantly, this is great to have around for food flavoring more than just diffusing.  Very versatile product that should not be offensive to anyone, which I can't say about all oils...
Almost the same, but perhaps not quite as thick, as standard dishwashing gloves you might get from the grocery store.  And maybe not quite as long in the sleeves as some others, either.  Regardless, they have plenty of great uses around house house, including working on the car.  Anything to cut down on the clean-up time.
For me, it only makes sense to throw some in to miso soup.  I normally put mushrooms in just about any variation of it anyway, so why not a little more?  Flavor profile works perfectly in that case, and does add some depth.  I like to get some flavor out of what I eat instead of just choking down a smoothie for vitamins, but there's a lot you can do with this, as I expected.  Wherever you want deep, earthy flavor and a little bit of extra health benefits (hopefully, but it can't hurt!)
Can't beat this on the purity.  I mean, this kind of ingredient really needs to be organic (etc.).  Not much I can think of to do with it except add it into smoothies, but I'm a firm believer that a varied diet is a good diet.  Simple kefir and fruit smoothies are a good vessel for this - and good for health!
The most important thing to remember is that these won't be a miracle cure if you always eat deadmanufactured food.  If you eat real food, I think these can be restorative if you've been recently forced to take antibiotics or if you are otherwise &#34;out of whack&#34;.  Start feeding your microbiome (through these and natural living), and lets stop the spread of Western diseases!
I try to wash my face very infrequently when possible because overwashing just gets it to produce more oils.  But when I need to remove makeup or I will wash my face anyway (shower), I really like this wash.  It seems completely natural, gentle, and I don't feel it chipping away at my microbiome.Seems to be a health- and eco-conscious product.
I am a repeat buyer of this item. I love how it makes your lashes stay on all day long and it is super clear and does not clog up.
This supplement gave me a boost to focus better and a bit of mental clarity. Easy to swallow and so far no side effects. Good quality supplement.
Pretty nice device and my face felt relaxed after the massage. Took me a minute to figure out of to use this device but after the learning phase went into action. Got my face muscle to relax and did a bit in the neck also. Take a while to get used to this device but is worth it. Good quality and came in a nice box.
Fits ok? It feels a little big for me but to use it in the house I have no issues. The shoes come with a shoelace that can be adjusted with a cord lock and that help with the size issue. The battery? It’s very easy to place the battery inside the shoe pocket and secured it with the zipper. It’s comfortable? Yes, a bit but still have the feeling the shoe is a little bit big for me. How about the Heat? The heat did not felt that strong just enough to warm your feet. I guess that’s a good thing to avoid sweat in this type of shoe. The material? Looks ok but is not waterproof at all that’s what I mention about interior shoes. The shoe feel soft in the inside and kinda wabbly in the back of the shoes. In general I like this shoes to chill in the house but I wish the heat was a bit stronger.
The material of this toothbrush feels cheap and light but the performance was good. I think this toothbrush is more to use outside the house like in an office or traveling. It's portable by that I mean it's a smaller size than my regular toothbrush. The power was good and cleaned my teeth well.
This brush has pretty firm bristles, almost too firm - I am afraid sometimes that I might break the skin of more tender items, like tomatoes. Although the ring is nice for grabbing, it would be easier to use if the bristle area was straight.
The adhesion of the pads is very strong and will have to be removed using water if its too strong.  The smell is not offensive.  Will make nice gifts as well.
I ordered this roller to hopefully calm the rosacea that occasionally inhabits my face.I have to say it really helped relieve the redness and soreness that usually accompanies an outbreak.It worked great. It offers such relief.In the freezer for 24 hours and ready to go. I was afraid it may be too cold, but it feels great.I'm not sure what is in the roller head, but it doesn't feel like a big piece of ice on my face.Obviously, it's nots a great idea to put this roller directly in the freezer where you store all your food. So, the case is awesome. Very glad it was included.For me and what I use it for, it's great.  Five stars all the way.
All the formulas are easy to use. Unlike other pens, they aren't overnight ones so you do have to time it and remember you started.Results aren't mind-blowing but there are results so great
This seems to be a well-formulated probiotic for women. I have been taking it for about a week and I think that it has been helping me, along with the other digestive enzymes, pre and postbiotics that I take. It's hard to quantify exactly how much, but it does seem to help with my digestion issues that come with post viral inflammation.
I really like that this brand takes a broader approach to skincare, by including supplements as well as topical products. This biotin supplement blend has a lot of other vitamins that are also really great for hair, skin and nails. Personally, I take a lot of supplements, and I can find juggling supplement blends to be a bit of a hassle. But I wanted to give this brand a try all the way around, and I do think that this is a great blend for people who don't take a lot of supplements. Overall, I like it.
This is a supplement in powder format that you mix with water. The mixing process isn't totally smooth, there are generally little clumps in the water. But it doesn't really bother me that much; I'm just trying to get it down quickly anway. There is a taste, but it's not anything terrible, and is pretty easy to get down. As to the results, I can't tell at this point if this has changed my digestion. But I do find the research very interesting, and will continue to see how things progress as I continue to take this each day.
I was a little concerned when I first received this, as the powder alone does smell kind of funky. But I found that I was able to mix it in with my coffee or tea with no discernable tastesmell. I like that this contains a lot more diverse types of collagen than more normal collagen powder. I like that this product is sustainably sourced. And I really like that this brand takes a holistic approach to skincare that includes supplements, which I feel are so important. I've been using a few of their products now, for a couple of weeks, and feel like I am receiving the benefit of their synergistic approach.
I really like the idea of this device. The vibrations themselves are soothing. But because I purchased this to help with long haul covid issues (which stem, to my understanding, at issues with nervous system regulation), I didn’t consider the fact that one of my symptoms is scalp pain. And when I’m experiencing the scalp pain, the location of this device can be somewhat aggravating. In addition, I had a hard time getting it to rest comfortably behind my ears. It had a tendency to move off of my left ear in particular. I’m not sure if it’s not as suited to certain headear shapes.I did find the vibrations to be comforting, but it was offset by the discomfort of the pressure on my head (aggravated by long haul scalp pain and proclivity to headaches).Another issue was that, for a product like this; I would like to use it more than 2x a day. One charge lasts about 4 sessions, so it requires frequent recharging if you want to use it more regularly. And also, using it more regularly, I felt more discomfort from the pressure on my headears. So not an ideal device for frequent use.I only ended up using it a few days before deciding to return. I really like the idea, and I did enjoy the sensation of the vibration, but it wasn’t well-suited for my needs at this time.
The gloves are thin and comfortable to wear. The palms have grips strips so if you’re wearing when biking or during any sort of activity, you don’t have to worry about losing your grip. I ordered a medium and probably should have gotten a small. They are a little big on me and I think I’d prefer more compression to help with the stiffness in my fingers. I spend the majority of my day working on the computer and I’ve been wearing these while I work without issue. Others I’ve tried have been heavier and have interfered with typing. They provide some comfort, but as stated, I think tighter is better, so if you’re on the fence, order a size down.
I found this to be more cooling than anything, making me think I’d prefer using it in the summer. It’s a thin gel with a sort of floral scent that provides a couple of minutes of slickness to help with massaging feet and legs, but it starts to feel a little sticky after that, then is quickly absorbed. I didn’t find it to be very moisturizing. There wasn’t enough stickiness left on my feet to bother me, but I did want to wash it off my hands after using.
Both my husband and I add protein powder to our daily smoothies. We’re not vegan, but use vegan and whey protein interchangeably. We’ve tried a lot of different brands and flavors over the years, but this was the first time we’ve tried one with Blue Sprirulina as a base. Since we mix with a smoothie there are other ingredients to mask the taste of the protein, and in this case, that was a good thing. Neither of us much cared for the taste of the protein on its own, and even mixed with the smoothie, the taste was noticeable. The texture, too, was unappealing. It’s quite chalky, more noticeable on its own, but it definitely changed the texture of the smoothie. As a couple of other reviews have mentioned, our container also arrived with the inner seal partially loose. I do like the limited ingredients and the fact that there is no sugar added. Still, this isn’t a protein powder we’ll choose again.
Very cooling and soothing, but almost to the point of being too strong. Provides relief almost immediately.
I’ve been making my own laundry detergent for years, and the base of that detergent is washing soda and borax. This order comes with 5 pounds of each, packaged in plastic bags with resealable zip tops and a plastic scoop in each bag for measuring.The products are good, seem comparable to what I usually buy at the grocery store. My only issue is the plastic. What I usually buy comes in cardboard boxes. Since I make a lot of detergent at one time, the boxes are emptied and discarded. For me, having a resealable bag isn’t necessary. It’s also not necessary I get a plastic scoop in each bag. I use measuring cups; don’t need a scoop. I’m trying to make an effort to cut down on the amount of plastic I bring into the house, so would prefer to see this packaged in cardboard.Otherwise, I’m very happy with the quality of the product.
Over the past eight months, I’ve tried a few different neck traction pillows. I’ve found they are all quite similar and accomplish the same goal, with only slight variations in design. This one, like most others, is made of a hard foam with just the slightest bit of give when you rest your head on it. It’s possible to use the pillow in either direction, one way providing a more gentle stretch, the other, a more intense stretch. This pillow does not have the bumps and nodes that some others have which are supposed to provide some acupressure and massage to your neck, though I can’t say that they make much of a difference for me. This pillow does, however, have a softer cushion in the center that makes it a little more comfortable on the back of my head. It's a very nice feature.If you’re new to this type of device, go slow. When I first used one of these pillows, I could only lie on it for a few minutes at a time, but have worked my way up to 10-15 minutes twice a day. I also recommend starting with the side that gives you the more gentle stretch. For me, using a device like this has provided quite a lot of relief to my neck and shoulders that tend to carry a lot of tension since I sit at a computer all day.If you’re looking for an alternative to medication for some relief for back and neck pain, this is definitely worth a try.
I was very pleased with these rinse-free bath cloths by Nurture. They are larger than I expected, thick and soft. With just a little bit of water and a couple squeezes, they produce a nice lather that for me, was enough to wipe my entire body. The lather isn’t so thick that you feel you need to rinse, and it dries comfortably without feeling sticky or stiff. These are handy for camping, for travel, for those who are ill or recovering from surgery, or for a gym bag. Very versatile, very easy to use.
This is easy to apply with a convenient roller applicator bottle. The gel has a strong menthol smell, much like IcyHot or similar products. It goes on wet, takes a few minutes to dry, and the smell lingers, though personally I like the smell of it. A few minutes after applying to my lower back, I started to feel the icy cool sensation that brought some relief to the ache in my back. The feeling lasted a few hours, after which time I reapplied. My tight back was loosened and less achy after using the hemp gel. How much of the relief is due to the hemp and how much to the other ingredients I don’t know, but I have friends who swear by the relief they experience using hemp products. Being that this product is made in the USA from all natural ingredients, I’m happy to use it over some of the other not-so-natural products I’ve used in the past. If you’re looking for relief from mild to moderate aches, I recommend giving this a try.
The minty eucalyptus scent of this room spray has a wonderful, fresh scent. Just a few spritzes freshens an entire room, and the fragrance lasts a long time. The bottle has an easy to use pump sprayer that emits a very fine mist. There is a toggle switch that enables you to lock the sprayer until you’re ready to use it. The mist will dampen the surface on which it falls, but I didn’t notice any slipperiness or stickiness where the mist fell. The label touts several things such as pure and natural essential oils, being free of solvents, petroleum derivatives, and artificial dyes or colors, and the fact that the spray is pet friendly and vegan. What the labeling does not have is a list of ingredients. No where on the bottle or box, or even online, could I find a complete list of what’s in the spray. I would like to know. Calling it “pure and natural” is fine, but I feel this should be backed up with an accurate listing of ingredients. Also odd is that there is no mention on the bottle label of what scent is inside the bottle. Aside from a sticker attached to the box, the scent isn’t on the outer packaging either. Perhaps it’s a new product and the packaging and labeling will change with time.Assuming there are no potentially dangerous ingredients lurking in the formula, this is a spray that I would recommend for freshening your home with (hopefully) natural ingredients.
I have tried a few different versions of neck traction devicesneck stretchers and have found they all are quite similar with some slight variations in size and design.This one is slightly smaller than others, something that works well for me at 5’-4”. Like the others, it is not soft despite what it may look like. The foam is very hard, as it’s intended to be, in order to support your head and neck and to provide a thorough stretch. There are also some “pressure nodes” on the device which are really just bumps in the foam but are positioned to provide a bit of acupressure and massage while you’re lying on it. Personally, I don’t notice the bumps, but it’s possible they’re doing their job.If you’re new to this type of neck device, know that it takes a while to get used to it. When I first started, it was quite painful, and I managed only a couple of minutes at a time. Now, I use it once or twice a day for about ten minutes at a time. The benefits are immediately noticeable as it relieves the tension in my neck and shoulders that always develops after a day spent at my computer.This particular device, unlike others I have used, comes with a zippered carryingstorage bag, as well as an eye mask and ear plugs. None of these are crucial to the neck traction device, but are nice extras. Some reviewers noted a bad smell when they received their device. I had no such issues with mine.If  you’re looking for a way to relieve neck and shoulder pain without resorting to medication, this is definitely worth a try.
Mellygova Bathtub PillowThis bath pillow is very thick and soft with a mesh covering that helps it dry fairly quickly. There are six suction cups to keep it secured to the tub; two  on the rounded top part, four on the larger, lower part. I found that with my free-standing tub which does not have much of a lip on the back, rather it’s just straight, the top part didn’t hold very well. Still, I was able to sort of flip it over the back and use it as a headrest, as intended. The pillow is going to fit different in different shaped and styled tubs, so you’ll have to find what works best given your situation.That said, the pillow is very comfortable and provides plenty of cushioning against the back of the tub, making for a pleasant bath experience. I have used inflatable bath pillows in the past, and they can’t hold a candle to this type of pillow as far as comfort goes. There is a hook on one end of the pillow and if you hang it after use, it drains and dries well. There were no strange smells, loose threads, weak seams, or any other defects with the pillow. There also were no care instructions included, but on the Amazon product page, it says the pillow is machine washable. I haven’t tried that, and may not unless it gets really dirty, but hopefully the claim holds true.This is a good choice for a comfortable, smaller bath pillow.
Years ago, I always used toner but lately, I’ve kind of gotten away from them as so many dried out my skin. Since I’ve started using Vitamin C serum, when I saw this Vitamin C toner I decided it was time to give toner another shot. It’s been a nice complement to the the Vitamin C serum. The toner feels light on my skin, it has a faint but pleasant citrus aroma, and it does not dry out my skin. I use it after washing my face and before applying the Vitamin C serum. It comes in a spray bottle which is new to me, but that I’ve found I kind of like for ease of application. It seems I’ve found a product to add to my skin care regimen!
This set of dental tools comes in a metal case and includes six different tools. Four of the six are scraping or pick tools, one is a mirror, and the other a large tweezers. I’m not a dentist or hygienist and honestly I have no idea what to do with several of these tools, including the tweezers??, but the scraping tools work very well for my intended purpose which is to clean my teeth between dentist visits. I don’t like the feel of plaque and tartar building up on my lower front teeth, and with these tools, I can gently remove some of it to keep my teeth feeling clean and healthy. The tools are weighty, made of quality stainless steel, and for a non-professional like me, are perfect, especially given the low price.
3 Andrews - Boot WaxThis stuff resurrected a pair of hiking boots that I love, but that definitely had seen better days. The boots were scuffed and dried out looking, but now look almost new. I used a rag to rub a little of the leather conditioner into the boots, let it sit for a few minutes, then buffed with a clean cloth. The boots look darker than they did before treating them, but probably like they did when they were new. Scuffs and scratches disappeared and the boots look incredible. Give it a try if you have leather you think is beyond help…you’ll be surprised!
PerseveranX Shoe InsertsThe shoe inserts arrived in a plain pink box and included no instructions. Not that instructions are specifically needed, but I found it kind of odd there was nothing but the box and the pads. There are enough for two pairs of shoes. Upon seeing the thickness, I was afraid they would make my shoes too tight. I was pleasantly surprised when I put on my shoes and they felt comfortable; a little tighter, but still comfortable. The information provided on the product page does warn that the inserts will take up some space in your shoes and recommends buying up a shoe size. This isn’t going to help if you already have the shoes.The inserts do exactly what they claim to do in that they relieve some of the discomfort to my feet when I wear high heels. I didn’t notice that my feet were any hotter or sweatier than they would have been without the inserts (it was a very warm day). My only complaint is that with open-sided shoes, the blue foam shows. I’m not sure how long the cushioning effect will last until the pads have to be replaced, but so far, so good.
This is the second neck traction pillow I have tried. While they are very similar and accomplish the same goal, this one is a bit softer and has a bit more give than the other one I tried. Personally, I like this one better. At 5’-4”, I think this one fits me better. I’ve had my family members try both, and they had different preferences. My son, who is a foot taller than me at 6’-4” preferred the “harder” one. From that, I have to surmise that being taller, with a longer neck so his head falls back farther, the firmer one is better suited to taller people, but I also have to believe the decision is going to be highly personal.As far as the results, I’m extremely pleased with the noticeable improvement in my neck and shoulder pain. Since I work all day at a computer, I always seem to have tension in my neck. If I take a break and use the traction pillow a couple of times during the day, the relief is immediate. It does take some getting used to, I found it quite uncomfortable at first and had to gradually build the amount of time I could lie on it, but it’s much more natural now and I look forward to my few minutes on it.If you’re looking for an inexpensive, medication-free way to relieve some neck pain, I highly recommend giving this neck pillow a try.
Smells so good you don't need to wear perfume!
These adult diapers are soft and comfortable to wear, also quite absorbent.  My only issue is that the cute design looks like baby diapers.
We've used Wellements baby stuff for a while now.  This syrup is typical of their quality of products.  We always watch for side effects and haven't had any bad reactions.
It fits on top of our round toilet seat.  It works like the sitz bath tub I brought home from the hospital years ago. I add salts to help relieve hemorrhoid pains.
We like that it came with a glove to protect your hand from getting burned.  It does warm up fairly quick.My daughter has long, thick hair, which made it time consuming to use this because we were worried about burning her hair if we kept it on one spot too long.  You have to use it in very small sections of thin layers.  The swivel cord made it easy to just angle and brush where she needed it.Overall, it works.
 Used it once daily for 2.5 weeks and lost 14 inch each from waist and hip belly areas (no change in exercisediet).  It also helped with relief for my neck and upper back pain after a long day at work.It gets very slightly warm towards the end of a session, not hot like a heating pad.Based on their site, this item has ISO9001,ISO13485,CE,FCC,ROHS certificates.The lighted panel is 21x5 inches, so you'll need two sessions for larger areas.The control panel is inconveniently placed if you wear it on your waist; had to set it up before putting it on.  The indicator lights are blurry, so you have to look closely to know which level it's on.You can't choose which wavelength (660850nm) to use. It's always both.Changing the timer setting turns it off, so you have to make sure to turn it back on after setting the timer.The battery pocket is all velcro, and not very big (3.75x4.25 inches flat).You need to purchase 12V battery pack for portability; regular power banks won't work as it needs a lot of power.Easily folds for storage and portability.No eye protection included; although not necessary, they do caution you not to stare directly or treat near eyes.
It comes with hoses and suction attachments that you have to put together in order to use it.  The suction gets diminished having to go through the long hoses.  We had to put it at level 10 just to get the snot out of the toddler's nose.It works, but it's a lot of work to use and clean.
tastes and looks like roast coffee (or a chicory blended coffee).  Very subtle fragrance profile.  Unclear how much placebo effect is manifested in these types of products and hard to compare it to impact other teas (blue lotus, or Pukka night time) for me.  All have been equally helpful in mellowing down ( I tend to have calls till 11 pm on most days).  At over a $1.5 per serving, will be part of the rotation if I see a significant improvement over my other teas.  After a week of use, seems promising.  But need to see if the body adapts and the effect just peters away.  Blue lotus has been so far the best for me.
while packaged attractively and according to the company website - all organic ingredients, it is not clear how much evidence there is for the long-term (or short term) effectiveness of the aromatherapy blends.  This particular blend is heavy on ginger but dissipates very quickly.  While no doubt the initial whiff provides a positive awakening energy, it doesnt linger long enough to be able to notice significant change in mood or any symptoms.  Unsure if at this price point, it provides significant advantage over using one's own blends in diffusers.
I received this set undamaged and in good working order. I tried the different heads included, and have to say that it definitely works as intended. You are using electricity, so please follow all safety guidelines and do not use it for things it was not intended. Much like a tens unit, this unit sends current into the skin. At its lowest settings, you merely feel a slight pleasant vibration. I lack the courage to try it at its highest setting because it would surely give a pretty significant jolt. In between those extremes, there are several settings that create a good working base for a variety of uses. For instance, it gives instructions on aging or delicate skin, when applying serums, and when trying to alleviate pain.The booklet is pretty clear on its warnings, suggestions, and instructions. The box it came in has a magnetic closure, dense foam to cradle the different FRAGILE glass heads, and the unit itself. It will take some experimentation with to find the optimum level of comfort and efficacy.
This did not clean my teeth better than my electric toothbrush. I can feel it. Alas, I still gave it a few days and nights to see how my teeth feel.I will be sticking with the electric brush as the bristles can actually get in between my teeth. This is a dense brush and I can see why they call it the cloud toothbrush on instagramFB. It is really soft, so for those with very sensitive gums, try this. It's worth checking out to see if it helps you.I also felt kind of nasty thinking about how I'd get this completely clean if I continue using it for the full amount of time, as it seems food could easily get trapped in the dense bristles. It does have a textured back which I assume to be a tongue cleaner, however it's useless. Each brush is in it's own container with breathing holes, however those are also very flimsy so if you get this knowing you'll love it, I would grab a toothbrush case separately.Basically felt like I was brushing with a sponge.
I noticed the little notches on these razors were thicker and as long as the blade itself, which caused snags as I shaved my face. I am going to try this with oil instead of moisturizer next time. I got a couple tiny dots of blood from the razor not being sharp enough to glide rather than drag across the skin. If you are very slow, very careful.. you may have a better outcome. I do love that they fold into their nesting place for safety though! And like I said, I'll continue using them but perhaps with oil.
 I'm only allowed to attach 1 video per review, so check out the pulsation mode video I posted! The regular mode is what I've been using and I'm waiting to grab some distilled water so I can use the nasal irrigator.I'm going home for a wedding next month and I don't wanna bring my regular water flosser, so this thing is a Godsend! My only complaint is the water resevoir could be tighter because if you tilt it, water can spill out. One fill up is just enough to floss your entire mouth. I have only used on level 1 because I can tell the other modes might be too strong for me. You might like em though! It's pleasing to the eye and I love that it came with a carrying bag. For sure recommend this for anyone with a small space or who travels often.
Pro:Appears to be well madeWorks well to shave my headOther attachments are a good bonusCons:Cannot think of any !!
Pro:Secure fitComfortable to wear4 LayersCons:Cannot think of any !!
Pro:Magnetic closure works wellWell madeGreat valueCons:Cannot think of any !!
Pro:Works well to dry my hairAppears to be well builtI like the adjustmentsCons:Cannot think of any !!
Pros:Easy to setupNice steamMy face feels great after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
Pros:The scent is greatI like the consistency of the oil when applied to my skinMy aches in my arm feels lessen after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
Pros:I like the scentFeels like a high-quality oilI am able to sleep after using thisCons:Cannot think of any !!!
Pros:-it is Eco-friendly-100% cotton so it is easy to wash and soft on my skin.-Works well as a makeup remover.- It is easy to wash and reuse.Cons:Cannot think of any !!!
I got this for my wife who was in the process to quit smoking.  She said the setup for this device was straight forward and the app is easy to use. The device is accurate, if she had a cigarette, the CO 2 numbers would be higher. For her, the CO2 number was a clear reminder of the progress that she was making. Overall she recommends this as it helped her quit smoking.
My girlfriend is very particular about skincare and does the 10- 15 min daily cleansing morning and night, she told me she was interested in trying this product. After using this product I can see that she does not have any redness on the skin anymore. Her acne seems to have disappeared. She says she also uses it to remove make-up and it comes off very easily. After using the product she says she feels for skin is soft, smooth, and clear. She said she would recommend this product.
I thought this would be a great set, and I'm always looking for good clippers so I ordered this set.Straight out of the package the case was very sticky.  I used a lens wipe to clean it off and it worked admirably, but...I shouldn't have to.There is quite a lot in this set, but the nail clippers (the standard on how I judge a nail care set) both left my nails a little rough and frayed after using. The nail file was fine, but the other tools seemed a little rough. I wouldn't necessarily want them going under my nails or pushing back my cuticles...The "ear digging" tools (description made me laugh) are self contained in a little tube with a screw on top. That is nice that you can isolate them.The heavy duty toenail clippers was the best of the lot. They worked well and didn't leave my toenails jagged.So, this is a cheap quality, functional nail maintenance set. There are better ones out there for a better price (I know, I have a couple). I wouldn't choose this set again, and I wouldn't feel comfortable giving as a gift. I'd give it away but not as a gift if that makes sense.
I would rate 5***** except who can really verify absorbency?  The pepper extract is necessary for the curc to be absorbed usefully in the body.  Curc it's self has so many benefits that the list goes on & on.  We take it for the help with inflamation, joint support,, and general body well being.  Actually have been taking for over a year and believe whole heartedly in it.  Please do some research and find the benefits that can really help you!
Started taking for fatigue and all the other benefits attributed to chlorella.  i didn't have a problem swallowing but some might as these are just basic gelatin type capsules.  I chose this brand specifically because of what the company does for the elimination of plastic debris and concerns over our world..The fact that they also are known for good products sealed the deal.  No gluten, sugar, corn, soy!!  Advise checking to see if will affect yr meds!!
I have no idea what Bilberry does so let me say that first!  We take these for general eye health and vision issues such as night blindness affected us ppl who are older :).  The Lutein and the Zeaxanthin were both recommended by our eye dr.  There are 60 in this bottle so it gives a one month supply to us.  Both are made from marigold extracts!
This is a good kit that has the heavy duty metal rasp and the finer sandpaper type on the 2 sided tool.  My husbands feet get cracked on heelscalluses during winter and mine more so in summer from wearing sandals..This is the perfect thing for using in the shower or just sitting down and taking care of yr feet.  The nail brush also included, is used almost every day and really is handy to have.
I normally wouldn't rate tissue but these are fabulous!  Should've gotten earlier in the year!  These are so soft and heavy(?) wmoisturizing.  Soon as you touch one you will feel the difference, seriously.  Absorbent and can also use to take off makeup..especially that old mascara under yr eyes :).  These come in cube boxes which are better suited to my house and how many ppl need a box in their rms.  Getting 1 big box at a time is a time & my energy saver..$ too in the long run.  Could of used these for our summerfall allergies, poor noses!
I'm hoping for the benefits claimed, time will tell.  I have used in several dishes and as far as I know, no one has exclaimed over the taste.  I am careful in amounts added and cautiously optimistic about results.
We were taking just the Lutein for our eyes and found this which has more beneficial ingreds for our "older" eyes :)  The Lutein helps a lot but didn't know that Vit A, Zinc, Taurine, etc, were helpful also.  Just switched and as always with vitamins & stuff..you always hope for true results!
This was the first time I ever tried soylent.  For $34 I thought it would be a good way to try it.  It is a bit bland but great for the drive to work in the morning.  From now on though i will be getting the pouches as that is a bit cheaper.TLDR: Soylent is good, this is a bit expensive for volume but a good way to try the powder for not much to see if you like it.
Love love love this mask!  All my previous sleep masks have had the classic Velcro band that goes around your head. Well, I just must have some abnormally large head because after about a month the band would stretch out. So, I would tighten it and it would stretch again. Eventually I would get to the last small piece of Velcro that could still hold on. However this created another problem. The rest of the Velcro would then get tangled in my hair. NOT WITH THIS MASK! Someone finally had the great idea to use adjustable ear loops instead! I am so happy!  This mask also has a smooth silky cool side, and a warm side. The only think I would change would be to  raise the material where the eyes are. I don’t like having the material press down on my eyes. However, I will deal with it because the good outweigh that small inconvenience. Love it!
 I've tried laser treatment on my legs recently so I had to shave my legs with razor. Few days later new hairs showed up. They were not too long for waxing treatment that's why I've decided to try an epilator. Honestly, I was very skeptical because I couldn't believe that epilator can catch such small hairs. But it did! I will post before and after pictures so you can see how clear my leg was after using this epilator just for a few seconds! It removed my short hairs with the roots! I'm impressed! Definitely will be using it. It is lightweight so I will be taking it with me when traveling.
Soft, absorbent & such a great value. Would definitely recommend!
This is basically a heated pad with a removable shield to keep the heat in. It looks like carpet in the pictures, but it's a plastic like material. That's not a bad thing since it's easy to wipe off, but I wanted to note that it's not a soft carpet. The heat is concentrated in the center of the mat but my feet stay warm on the edges too with the shield on. It's a welcome addition to my chilly office.
If you're like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. No one wants to waste their hard-earned money! That's why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here's my thoughts...Pros: lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly & evenlyCons: absolutely none!
If you're like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. No one wants to waste their hard-earned money! That's why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here's my thoughts...Pros: lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly & evenlyCons: absolutely none!
This is comforting, wasn't into the music. It was nice that this came charged right out of the box so you could use it right away. Unfortunately, it has an older USB port.
Used this for the first time today, testing it and comparing to another powder brand I use which is more expensive.  figured I should try this one because it's cheaper than the other and the ingredients are pretty much the same. Wss hoping it could serve as backup to my natural deodorant which doesn't seem to be working well for  me anymore.The first thing that stood out to me was the scent. It's kind of lemony and also, somehow, chalky. If you've ever smelled Nubian Heritage Lemongrass and Tea Tree lotion, it's exactly like that. The texture of the powder is nice. It seemed to do a good job of keeping my armpits dry (in combination with a non-anti-perspirant natural deodorant) but the scent didn't last, and it didn't help keep away any odor. I think this could be a good anti-chafing powder, or something to use under huge breasts in hot weather.  Could be fine for babies, too. It's not terrible but I'm not fond of the scent and the other powder works better for me overall. I'll keep using this until I run out, but I'll go back to the other brand as soon as that happens. Also, I didn't realize this only came with 2oz of product.
This little guy is amazing!  I was a little worried at first with how soft they are for an exfoliator however these work wonderfully!  I love that it has a little pocket for you to put your fingers in. I feel like it allows for the perfect amount of pressure while using. It also comes with a little strap which makes it easy to hang. Love it!!
They are okay, but I won't buy them. And  I personally think it's better to buy a probiotic supplement. Rather than taking a chocolate infused with probiotics and is very over priced. It's not worth the amount.
I lovet this thing it definitely leave my mouth clean and I recommend it. It's easy to use and very powerful
This gat to be one of my favorites product for babies. It's easy to use and definitely gets the nasal passages open for baby. I recommend it
 I got this for my toddler who sometimes have a hard time to self sooth  at bedtime. This ball has a vibrating  press button that is removable it uses a battery (it doesn't  come with one) thou my baby is not fond of the vibration so I took it out. We have been using it and he has been doing excellent  at bedtime, I like it.I will suggest  removing  the vibrating  button if you are not using it, because  it's heavy and if you have more than one kid using it as a play throw ball you don't want the vibrating  button  hitting  your kids it's painful.
I can't directly  say how good this  works since  am nursing, I didn’t  realize it's not for recommend  for anyone  nursing or pregnant. But I have been giving it to my  son who is a picky eater and my sister  takes it and she claims it's been helpful  to her stomach. I have also noticed  less constipation in my son.For the benefits this gives the price is good.
This probiotic was just okay, nothing extraordinary, I also felt like it helped excess bloating . I took it as directed.
I opened the box and looked at this curler and then read the instructions.  Am I suppose to shove the end of my hair into the open end?  Does it pull my hair in and around the round device inside the hole?There are no instructions about how exactly to use this and there is only one picture showing end of hair in the open hole.  So I decided to try this out.  The music is cute but not really needed.Tried different ways of trying to get my hair in it and finally it pulled it in and stopped.  My hair was jammed around the inside.Now I'm sitting here and hoping it wasn't going to burn it before I can figure a way to get my hair out without cutting it.I just kept pulling while pushing the button.  After 10 mins I finally got my hair out of it.  Packed it up and won't try it again.I'll stick with a regular curling iron.
The pads on this are stiff where they don't form around my neck as it should.Have to pull the handles to get enough pressure on what it can press upon.Massaging on what I can feel are okay.
I don't like that it's stated as a massager and it's not.  MisleadingI do like the red light therapy with the heat that this device has.  I know red light therapy is great to help with circulation.  Have been using red light therapy for a few years now.  So, I like having a device specifically for my neck area.Does heat up nice and it's soothing.But, if you're looking for a massager, this isn't it.
I like that I can wear this tens unit even when I'm out shopping.  The main machine fits in my pocket easily.Setting it up is easy.  Just need to take the time to find the best mode and intensity to suit your needs.Some areas I can do stronger intensity while other areas a lighter tough is needed.This has so many modes to choose from.  I, personally, love the deep tissue.  Works great and feels so good on my back when I pull a certain muscle.Gives enough pads to last awhile.ONe of the better tens unit I've tried.
Wish they had something like this years ago when our dog had spine problems.  Spent a lot of money taking her in for red light therapy sessions back then.I saw this therapy belt and had to get it.  I know what red light therapy does and how much it helps the body repair itself or increase circulation.This therapy belt is so easy to use.  Comes with velcro strips so I can have it on my belly, around my shoulder, or on my back.  Longer velcro strip for larger areas.  Smaller strip for going around elbows, knees or ankles.I like that it has an automatic 20 minute shut down timer.  This way I know I'm getting the maximum benefit from this therapy belt but not over doing it.  It is comfortable to have on so it's easy to forget I do have it on and running.I'm doing this twice a day as recommended.  I want to see if this will help with my lower back pain.  I know it'll take some time for me to notice any changes in my pain level.This is so great to have!  And to be able to use it on my dogs too.  What a bonus that is.I've seen, first hand, how much red light therapy can help both humans and dogs.  And I'm excited to keep trying this and to always have it on hand to use after surgeries too for faster healing.
The first thing I love about this flat iron is that it's cordless!  It's so nice to slowly getting rid of all of the power cords in my bathrooms.The iron itself is nice.  Heats up fast.The only thing I don't like is the size of the heating plate.  I'm used to a longer one in my older flat iron so it's taking me a bit to get used to this one.Since I only straighten my bangs and every so often my entire head of hair, the charge will last me a long time before I need to recharge it again.Nice flat iron that's easy to pack up and take on the go.
Rarely do I rate a pain cream, spray, or roll on, high.  Some may help the pain a bit but usually not for long.I will say that this hemp roll on is good.  Yes, it does have a strong menthol scent but it's not overwhelming unless you roll half the bottle on your body.First thing I tried it on is the pain on the top of my feet.  Almost instantly the pain was gone.  I mean gone!Nothing has been able to take my arthritis pain away for as long as this roll on did.Next place I tried it on is my lower back.  I've been hurting so bad for the last 4 days now so I was willing to try anything.  I am sitting here right now with barely an ache in my lower back.  I rolled it on my lower back about 20 minutes ago.  Within 5 minutes I could feel relief.  How long will the relief last?  Not sure.  It depends on how much activity I do today I'm sure.It's not that expensive.  Can't guarantee that it will take away your pain completely but, I'm betting it will at least take that big edge of pain off.I'll be ordering more bottles of this for sure.
First thing I love is that it gets hotter than my other heating pads.  And then I love that it's stiffer so I'm able to brace it up when I'm sitting in a chair.Not exactly sure how the jade stone work but I like them.  They press into my back and deliver more heat into my sore muscles.Having the time and temperatures illuminated makes it easier for me to see at night when I'm having trouble sleeping and my joints are aching.Have never had an infrared heating pad before and I am really liking this one.Saves my settings.  Has auto shut off in case I forget I have it on.I tossed my other heating pad and am now using this one every single day.
I love how many different sounds and intensities there are.I personally love the rain.  I just love the sound of rain.  It's soothing and really helps me relax to fall asleep.So easy to use.  I do like that it charges up using a USB cable.On the nights when it's just too chilly to turn on my fan, I like that I can still have the sound of a fan running without the cold air blowing.A great sound machine that can be used by anyone in the family.
My old tens unit had just basic settings and intensities.  Plus all pads had to be the same setting.This tens unit is so different and so much better.  First of all it's so much lighter.  Easier to carry around so you can have it working even when I'm driving or working.I can also use 8 pads at one time if I need to.  I may hurt at times but the most pads I need are 4 to cover my sore areas.I'm still learning what all the pictures on the device actually mean.  The best way to learn is by just trying them all out to see what mode is best for you for a certain area and what intensity works the best.My first encounter with a stims unit or called tens unit is at a chiropractors office.  I would feel so good after going through a session.After that I had to have one and purchased my first tens unit about 15 yrs ago.  Haven't been without one since.These are so good with helping with my tension headaches.  I place the pads on my upper backshoulder blade area.  It really helps loosen the muscles and relieving my headaches.They're also great with lower back pain.  Pads placed on the lower back on each side of my spine and within about 90 mins I am feeling so much better.Driving also makes my back hurt.  I can have the pads on and running while I'm driving which really helps me sit for longer periods so I can drive longer distances.For any muscle ache on any part of your body, minus the chest area, and the relief is priceless.If you've never tried a tens unit, you really should try one out and see how good it feels after using one.I like this unit.  Comes with more pads than other units.
After having trouble finding replacement heads during the 2020 season, I am making sure we are fully stocked with replacement heads that will last this entire household an entire year.I like these brushes.  Brushes are soft and gentle on my teeth and gums.Love finding good value packs so was happy to find these.
With so many of us using sonicare toothbrushes, I am always looking for great value packs so we're set with replacement brush heads when they're needed.With just one person I replace the brush head at least 5-6 times a year.  Adds up to a lot of money.With nice value packs like this, I can save money.The brushes are nice.  Soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.Love the indicators on the brushes so I know exactly when I need to replace the head so I'm always getting the best brushing on my teeth.Love the value of these.
With flu season, cold season, and having covid still around, I like having extra toothbrush heads that I can switch out more than I usually do.I like these toothbrush heads.  They work perfectly on my sonicare.  Bristles are soft where there's no damage to my teeth or gums.  Love the amount of brush heads that come with this pack.  Great value
I take D3 and K2 every day.  I hate taking pills.  So, having both vitamins combined into 1 pill is such a bonus for me.Pills are small enough for me to swallow with ease.Nice size bottle that will last me for awhile.
Even being in the sun a lot, my blood work always shows me a little low on Vit D.I like these pills.  Nice and small to swallow.  Helps boost my Vit D levels so there's no concerns.I like the strength of these pills.  Plus the added benefits that coconut oil gives me.I'll continue taking these Vit D capsules for many years.
I like that these masks don't press against my mouth making it hard to breathe.  The material is nice and soft.  Very comfortable against my face.The elastic has the cord adjusters on them.  Makes it nice to loosen or tighten the elastic as needed to fit my face as it should.The elastic is comfortable against the back of my ears.  Not irritating at all.If I need to wear a mask, I like wearing these.
I change my brush heads all the time.  If we get sick, I immediately toss out the old brush heads and put new ones on once we're over the illness.Otherwise I change out our brush heads every other month.  So, it can get expensive.Great deal with these brush heads.  They fit the Oral B perfectly.  They aren't too hard or too soft.I like that I'm able to find cheaper brush heads that are compatible with the Oral B.
I thought maybe I goofed and these insoles were for a childs shoe.  They are so narrow and small.I put my heel in and the front part barely comes to the ball of my foot.  And so narrow that the edges are uncomfortable on the sides of my feet.Not worth the effort to even peel and stick them into my shoe.
I've only been taking these for a few days now.  I have noticed that I'm not doing my usual afternoon snacking.  Just don't want anything in the afternoon anymore.I do eat a light breakfast before I take the pills.It did take about 2 days before I started noticing my hunger going down a bit.If you can easily swallow pills then you'll have no problem with these.  If you have a gag reflex then these might be a little problem.  Pills are a little bit, in my opinion.Will try to do an update in a month.
After going to the store and getting on a Dr Scholls kiosk, I saw that the CF340's would be perfect for me.Since putting them into my shoes, I've noticed less lower back pain.I also suffer from knee pain so I'm hoping that these inserts will help with that also since I am on my feet almost the whole time I'm working.One thing I did learn when using inserts is to take out the shoe inserts before putting any other insert into the shoe.  This way your foot won't be lifted so high up that your toes are scraping the top of the shoe.  Since learning that little trick, I love Dr Scholls inserts.So much comfort on the bottom of my feet and it's really helped me with some of my body aches I've been having.I like getting the double pack.  Makes it so much easier putting a pair of inserts in both my shoes so I don't have to keep switching them from shoe to shoe every time I switch shoes to wear.
I stand all day at work and so got these to go in a pair of dressier shoes that I have to wear occasionally. My feet are slightly fatigued after standing on these all day, but it’s significantly better than the shoes by themselves. Would recommend.
This is a nicely compact nebulizer. The main unit is narrow and has a carry handle at the top. The noise level when operating is not bad. While it is not the quietest I've used by any means, the sound level is not grating either. That's especially welcome when using it with children.The main con for me are the attachments. They appear to be decently made but, when looking through the manual for tips on cleaning them, the manufacturer states that they are for single use only, and are designed to be disposed of after each use. Not only does that create a lot of unnecessary waste compared with units that have attachments that can be sterilized and reused, it also makes this unnecessarily costly to use.While the unit itself is not bad  the lack of sterilizablere-usable attachments puts my overall score at 2 stars. There are far better options available that don't create the waste and unnecessary cost that this unit does.
No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. It hits the mark for both potency (25 billion CFUs) and strain diversity (total of 10 strains: 8 Lactobacillus and 2 Bifidobacterium stains). The specific strains are listed on the bottle, but not the specific concentration of each.It delivers the 25 billion CFUs with a serving size of only 1 capsule (2 caps are the more common situation), making this bottle of 30 caps a month's supply.The downside is the price. There are a number of probiotic options that achieve the same (or sometimes better) potency and strain diversity at a far lower price for a month's supply.While the formulation is solid, the very high price puts my rating at 3 stars (average). Equally good options are available that are a much better value.
This type of cleaning format is outstanding for resource conservation. It comes in sheets that dissolve far more readily and quickly than the tablet format concentrates. The sheets are easy to cut (or tear) if you need a smaller amount for the task.While these sheets are positioned as a floor cleaner (and it works pretty well for that task) they can also be used as a general purpose spray cleaner. I use a sheet for a 32oz bottle, and the spray does a fine job for counters, sinks, and other general cleaning tasks. The scent is reasonably pleasant, but I would have preferred no scent as other sheets offer.There are some cons, however. First, the cost is higher than similar sheet-based concentrates, and the performance is no different than the lower cost options. Second, the packaging is not ideal for sheets. The sheets are somewhat delicate and must be kept totally dry in storage or they will dissolve. The sheets are packaged in a cardboard box in a single clump. Other manufacturers use a plastic box or, if a cardboard box is used, the sheets are divided up into smaller groups.Factoring in the cons puts my score at 3 stars. Although the sheet format is perfect for eliminating plastic waste and is easier to use than the tablet-based format, there are better sheet options available at a lower price.
This could be a useful mini razor for traveling. I say "could" since I can't say how well it shaves -- I was never able to get it to turn on. I initially thought it was shipped with a discharged battery, which is sometimes the case with rechargeable products. However, after letting it charge for a few hours, it still would not turn on. The shaver got rather warm while charging, and the charge indicator light turned on, but those were the only indications of life.The design is something I've not come across before. It's a rotary shaver, but the heads are arranged in a straight line. The heads are smaller than is customary on a rotary. The construction is all plastic and feels rather cheap. Still, it has some nice grip points and feels pretty good in hand. As a travel shaver, the lightweight nature and the smaller size could be plusses.Since it failed to turn on at all, the only rating I can give is 1 star. A shame, since I would have liked to see the shaving performance of the linear-arranged rotary heads.
I like the size of these boxes. They are small - the interior dimensions are 3.5 inches by 4 inches, and it's about 1.5 inches deep. It's a good size for items such as jewelry or other similar items. However, the build quality is so poor that these are pretty useless as gift boxes.It folds together like most gift boxes, with the sides held in by adhesive pads. However, the cut accuracy is poor, so the sides don't meet up well with the top (or each other). The magnetic flap will not hold shut. The carboard is thin and doesn't have a substantial feel. Instead of having a box that dresses up what's inside, this box cheapens the contents since it looks and feels so poorly made. And won't even stay shut!The cost is way out of range for such a poorly made gift box. It's not something I would recommend. One star.
No complaints at all about this silicone scar sheets. The material is nicely durable, and peels off the backing without issue. It adheres very well. I use this on the back of my hand and it stays put for the whole day without a problem. Despite the good adhesion it is not painful to remove and it leaves no residue behind.The size is well suited to small areas so that you don't need to waste any in trimming. The cost per inch (or foot) is quite good since this comes in a 120 inch (10 foot) roll. It stores well -- the roll I received in January 2022 has an expiration date of September 2024.I'm not sure of the country of manufacture. It is distributed by a French company, but it doesn't specifically state where it is made.No complaints. It's a good quality silicone sheet that works well and is a good value price-wise. Five stars.
This is a decent cooling muscle rub. It's a roll-on, so it's easy to apply even on areas such as my lower back. It's far less messy than the creamslotion formats. It goes on wet but soaks in fairly well, and doesn't leave a greasy residue behind, which is a major plus.The scent is menthol and, while it's clearly noticeable, it's not as strong as other menthol-based rubs I've used. It has more of a mintymenthol scent than a strong menthol-only scent. I would stop short of calling it an enjoyable scent, but it's at least non-offensive.The cooling performance is light but still effective. It takes a few minutes to build up the cooling. The cooling is not as strong or long-lasting as others -- I find that I need to re-apply this more often than other options.. Still, the lack of greasiness, lower odor, and the ease of application balance that out.The addition of hemp seed oil doesn't make a noticeable difference compared with formulations that lack hemp seed oil. That's to be expected since it does not contain CBD, but rather just hemp seed oil. It seems more like a marketing strategy to capitalize on the hemp trend (and justify a higher price) rather than an addition that actually impacts efficacy.The scent, ease of use, and non-greasy nature are all 5 stars; the cooling impact is 4 stars; the pricevalue is 3 stars. Overall rating of 4 stars.
These are OK fiber gummies. Each serving provides 5g of fiber, which is decent but not outstanding. Additionally, a serving consists of THREE gummies, so a bottle of 60 will last only 20 days. The taste is fine (sort of a berry-ish flavor mostly) but there's 3g of added sugar per serving (sugar is the second most common ingredient), which is rather high. The consistency is firm bordering on rubbery, and it sticks to my teeth, which is annoying.The fiber is from chicory root which is the usual go-to source for fiber in gummies. It uses natural flavors and natural colors, which is a plus.  The country of manufacture is not listed on the bottle, which can mean that it's not made in the US.Weighing all the factors (taste, formulation, serving size, cost, ease of use) puts my rating at three stars (average). It's not a bad fiber gummy, but it's not outstanding compared with other similar options that are available.
These probiotics hit the mark when it comes to strain diversity, with each capsule providing 14 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle label, but the specific concentration of each one is not. However, the mark of a good probiotic is both diverse strains plus a good potency. This falls quite short on the potency side, with each capsule providing only 3 billion CFUs. I find a minimum of 20 billion is what I need for good results (digestive and elimination benefits). As such, these don't hit the mark.However, for those who have difficulty tolerating high potency levels, such as younger children and the elderly, this is a decent option. The price is excellent for a 60 capsule bottle. While child-focused probiotics are usually chewable, these capsules should be small enough for most to swallow.As an general adult probiotic I'd give these 2 stars, but as a low-potency childelderlysensitive stomach probiotic, it's a 4 star option for the price. I'll average the two and give it 3 stars.
The overall fit and finish of these replacement heads is pretty good. They fit well on my Oral-B toothbrush without any wiggling or vibration during use. The bristles are soft, but not as soft as the Braun Sensitive heads. It's pretty close, however.What I don't care for is the bristle arrangement. The outer ring of bristles is raised above the inner bristles. They flare out in use and irritate my gums. It's not terrible, but it's enough irritation that I would not get these again, and probably won't use all of the 12.While the bristle softness is reasonably close the the Braun Sensitive version, the bristle arrangement makes them ill suited for those with sensitive gums. I'll give them three stars since, if you don't have sensitive gums, these are decent replacements at a very reasonable cost. However, if you're looking for a less expensive version of the Braun Sensitive, these are not ideal.
I'm pleased with these Vitamin C gummies. They have a light citrus taste that's very pleasant. The consistency is perfect -- soft enough to easily chew but not something that sticks to my teeth. The gummies are covered with granular sugar which keeps them from sticking to one another even in humid weather.The Vitamin C content is decent, with each serving of 2 gummies providing 240mg. That's not as high as other gummies, but for me, it's a good dosage level. The echinacea content is pretty low at 3.5mg per serving. Still, I use these for the Vitamin C so the echinacea is more like a bonus than something I find essential to have. The price is a little high but not out of range for a 60 count bottle.Overall score of 4.5 stars. I'll round up to 5 since I'm so pleased with the taste and consistency.
These are well-made mop heads. The microfiber center had zero loose or puckered threads, and the density of the microfiber was nicely dense for good pick-up performance. The fringe around the edge is stitched on well, and also did not have any loose or pulled threads. They fit and work well with many platform mops provided that the mop has Velcro on the underside of the platform to grip the pad.These work very well when dry mopping. The microfiber picks up and holds an impressive amount of dust, pet hair and other similar gunk. The fringe around the edge makes it easy to clean right up to the baseboard or, if used in the kitchen, at the cabinet toe kick area. It also helps ensure that the mop doesn't mar any chair legs or furniture if it gets bumped while mopping.The performance is not as good as a wet mop due to the fringe. That's not a problem specific to these pads, but occurs with any pad that has an outer fringe. It's certainly useable and effective as a wet mop, but a non-fringe mop head usually performs better.The set comes incased in a sealed plastic pouch which keeps them nice and clean during transit, and can also be used to keep them clean in storage.A very good mop head - five stars.
This is an OK, but not outstanding probiotic. The potency is rather low, with each capsule providing only 5 billion CFUs. That's more along the lines of a potency level for children rather than adults. On the plus side, it has pretty decent strain diversity, with 8 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle, but the specific concentration of each is not.In addition to the probiotics, it includes 3,000mg of cranberry. However, it's 3,000mg equivalent of fresh cranberries. Using a scale based on dried cranberry shows that it's 60mg of a 50:1 concentrate. All this info is on the label, so there's no issue with inflated potency levels, and it's a technique used by other cranberry supplements.The price is quite reasonable for a 50 capsule bottle. While the probiotic potency is not ideal, it's great to have the addition of cranberry, and the strain diversity is good. Factoring all those together puts me at 3.5 stars. A bit better than average, but not ideal.
This is an OK performing toilet anti-odor spray. The scent is rather weak compared with other similar sprays I've used, but it is reasonably strong. It's a generic floral scent -- not all that different from a general air freshener type of scent, but not bad. It's certainly better than the odor it helps mitigate.As with other similar sprays, you need to use it before the toilet is used for maximum effectiveness. It has limited benefits if used after the toilet is used. A fair amount is needed (4 or 5 sprays) for good results.Compared with other similar products this is not as potent, and just an average value at best. Three stars.
I'm not impressed with this toilet spray. The scent is quite modest, and it requires several sprays to produce any appreciable scent. The scent is has is more of a floralchemical type of scent than pear. In fact, if I didn't know it was a pear scent I would have not guessed it from how it smells.It does have some benefit as an odor preventer in the bathroom. The spray is used before the toilet is used, creating a film type of barrier to minimize odor. It does have some effectiveness in that regard, but other similar products I've used have far more scent to them (and a more pleasant scent as well).Since it does provide some benefits, I'll give it 2 stars. It is not, however, a toilet spray I would recommend.
No complaints at all about these probiotics. The potency is very good, with each capsule providing 25 billion CFUs (the recommended dosage is 2 caps per day for a total of 50 billion CFUs). The strain diversity is excellent, with a total of 14 strains. The strains are identified, but the specific concentration of each is not. It also includes a small amount (5mg per capsule) of a prebiotic (FOS) to help with probiotic establishment. The bottle I received in May 2021 has an expiration date of July 2022.It hits the mark for both potency and strain diversity, and the price for a 60 capsule bottle is quite reasonable. Performance has been very good for me, and I've not had any stomach issues (such as gas or bloating) when taking them before a meal. Very pleased, and a solid 5 stars.
This toilet spray does do a good job of killing odors, and is quick and easy to use. The scent, however, is just OK. Granted, pretty much any scent is better than the scent this is meant to cover up, but the Sea Salt scent is more floral than I was expecting. It's an OK scent, but not 100% to my liking. The other issue I've had is that the sprayer doesn't always spray properly. Instead of a mist, it sort of splatters the liquid at times, making a bit of a mess unless your aim is perfectly true. It's only happening with one of the containers, so it seems that the sprayer is defective. Given the price point, better quality sprayers should have been used.The scent plus the sprayer issue lowers my score to 4 stars, but it's otherwise a decent product that does what it says it will do.
No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. Each capsule has 30 billion CFUs, which is an excellent potency for a single capsule. There are a total of 10 different strains, which is also excellent. However, while the strains are listed on the bottle, the specific concentration of each is not.However, while this hits the mark when it comes to potency and strain diversity, it's a bit overpriced for what you get (30 capsules, which is a month's supply using the suggested dosage of one cap per day). Other similar good potency and good diversity probiotics are available for a lower per-month cost, and often include ingredients that this does not, such as prebiotics.Five stars for the formulation; three stars for value; overall rating of 4 stars.
No complaints about these replacement brush heads. The bristles are a medium soft -- a bit harder than the Braun ultra soft, but not as firm as the regular heads. Although I prefer an ultra soft bristle, these have not irritated my gums even though they are a bit firmer than I normally use.They fit fine on my Oral B, without needing to force them on or have them be too loose. The fit is as good as the Oral B heads.These are packaged very well. Each brush is individually sealed in a plastic wrapper, plus it has a plastic cap to keep the bristles from deforming while they are in storage. The set of 8 come in a cardboard box. It's a much better way of packaging them than the usual blister packs for both ease of use, as well as protectionkeeping them sanitary while they are in storage for use.All in all, a good alternative to the brand name brushes.
No complaints about this turmeric supplements. It has a decently high concentration, with each capsule providing 600mg of turmeric, 50mg turmeric extract (95% curcuminoids) and 5mg of black pepper (with the latter essential to ensure good uptake of the turmeric). The suggested dosage is 2 caps per day. I use this for arthritis inflammation relief, and take 3 caps for the dosage I need. As such, this is a one month supply for me at 3x per day. The price is decent for a one month supply, and even better if you need just 2 (or 1) per day.The capsules are reasonably sized and not difficult to swallow. The bottle I received in May 2021 has a use-by date of October 2022.A good turmeric supplement at a decent price that is made in the US. No complaints.
I like that this consists of just elderberry, and not any additional supplements such as vitamins or zinc. I prefer to keep things simple, and this provides me with exactly what I want: elderberry. The potency is pretty good, with each serving (consisting of 2 capsules) providing 650mg of elderberry fruit extract 5% flavonoids and 500mg of elderberry fruit extract 5:1. It has a good shelf life, with the bottle I received in May 2021 listing an expiration date of April 2023.To be honest, I'm not sure if daily elderberry is the reason why I don't get colds or if it's just happenstance. But, it's not expensive and doesn't cause any side effects or stomach issues, so I'll continue to use it to see if I can extend my avoidance of colds.
I wasn't expecting a whole lot from these clippers given the price point (ten bucks as of this review). I was really surprised at how well these work. The blades cut as well as models costing far more. A nice, clean cut without any pulling or abrasion. The length dial works very well. It has a nice, smooth action with a solid, positive click stop for each length. It comes with two guides so you have two sets of adjustability lengths.Where the cost-cutting is seen is with the case and attachment build quality. It's all plastic and doesn't have much of a solid heft to it. I very much doubt this would survive a fall of a few feet onto a hard floor. I'm not willing to test that out, so I may be wrong about that, but the very plasticy nature of the clippers don't make me at all confident in their ability to shrug off damage. The guide combs are also rather thin, but since they connect to the body with an internal peg (versus having to pull them off the blade itself) the thinner build quality is fine with regard to durability.It charges with a USB C cable (included) which is a nice change from having to keep and use a transformer specifically for the clipper.  The motor has a muted buzz that is reasonably quiet and not annoying. There's only one control, which is a sliding onoff. It clicks firmly into place and stays put in use.While these are lightweight in terms of build quality, it punches well above its weight class when it comes to performance. Five stars.
This has a 5% concentration of potassium nitrate, which is the ingredient used in all sensitive toothpastes to cut down (or, in my case, eliminate) sensitive teeth issues. As such, it works the same as other sensitive toothpastes.It does differ from others with regard to taste and consistency. It has a mild minty taste that, while acceptable, is not all that fresh tasting. The consistency is a bit softer than other toothpastes and it doesn't foam up as much. While that's usually a plus, good foaming action is a benefit when it comes to sensitive toothpastes since it helps the potassium nitrate get into all the nooks and crannies. My favorite sensitive toothpaste is the Colgate foaming action one. It has the same 5% potassium nitrate as this, but the foaming action does make a difference.While the tube looks big, there's not a lot of product. It's only filled about 12 of the way and, while it looks like a standard size tube, it only provides 3.5 oz of toothpaste. It's also hard to get all of it out of the tube since the tube is plastic and does not roll up. It dispenses fine when mostly full, but is not great at dispensing when the level gets low.While this does work, the negatives put my score at 3 stars (average). Not a compelling purchase compared with other options.
These chia seeds are very good quality, with a nice, fresh taste to them and a good crunch. I use a lot of Bob's Red Mill's products, and have always been satisfied with their quality and performance. This is no exception.Chia seeds can be used in numerous ways, and have an excellent nutritional profile. I've been using these mainly as an egg substitute with very good results. Just soak 1 tablespoon of chia seeds in 3 tablespoons of water for 10 min (longer is better) and use it in place of eggs in baked goods. In addition to acting as a binding agent, the seeds provide a very gentle crunch that I find very appealing.The only quibble I have is that the included set of measuring spoons is pretty cheaply made. It's not a reflection on the chia seeds themselves, but it's odd that such a cheap set would be included.That aside, zero complaints. The chia seeds are fresh, tasty, packaged well, and one of those good-for-you foods that actually is appealing to use. Five stars.
Overall, this is a pretty good white noise machine. It's very compact, which is a plus since I don't have a lot of bedside table area available. This has a smaller footprint than my last white noise machine, making it also a handy item if you want to take it while traveling.Setup is simple, and there's a good selection of sounds to choose from. I stick with the white noise, but it's nice to have options just to experiment with them to see which work the best. The variety also makes this useful not only for adults, but for infantschildren to help them sleep. The sound volume has a good range, and the light feature is also a nice touch, even though it's not something I get much use out of.The main con is the control panel. It's hard to see which control is which, especially in dim light. I would prefer a more traditional button system with nice, clear text labels as to function. Or, better yet, some type of simple remote where the buttons light up. Granted, that would increase the price but the layout presently used can be really frustrating to use.One star down for the control system but otherwise, a very nice compact sound machine.
I'm not at all impressed with this scrubber brush. The only positive is that it comes with 8 refill heads. The list of cons, however, is far longer:> the handle is not sealed well, and will continually leak dish soap;> it does NOT come with the scrubber brush pictured -- only the scrubber pads;> the word "scrubber" is used loosely since the pads have the texture of semi-rough felt. They lack any meaningful scrubber ability;> the pads are attached to the plastic holder with tape that has velcro on one side, and adhesive on the other (with the adhesive sticking to the plastic holder). The adhesive is quite poor, and the pads easily detach from the holder.It doesn't come close to being worth the price charged. At best, this entire set is something that belongs in a dollar store, and I'm not sure it would even be worth that. A very disappointing product.
No complaints about this turmeric powder. The aroma when opening the bag was very rich. The taste was also excellent, and not at all muted as some turmeric's I've used. I use this mainly with rice (or rice substitutes such as wheat berries, couscous, and the like) and both the taste and the strong yellow color make for a tasty dish.I like that, while it is priced similar to a bulk item, it comes in three fairly small (4 oz) bags. That allows for cost savings by buying in bulk, but the smaller packages help maintain the freshness until it's ready to be used.Fresh, tasty and a good value. Hit's all the right marks.
I'm impressed with the quality of these microfiber cloths given the price. The cloth is thick, sturdy and well-made. There were no loose threads or pulled out areas, and the hem stitching is very well done. The thickness is especially important for performance since thicker cloths are able to hold more liquid, plus do a better job on high gloss areas such as tile, appliances and windows.  These are much better quality than I expected them to be.The only downside is the size. Each cloth is just shy of 12 inches square. That's decent, but a bit larger (such as 14 inches square) would make them even more useful. As they are, I often have to use two where I normally would use one larger microfiber cloth.They launder well. As with any microfiber cloth, it's better to let them air dry (a very quick process) rather than put them in the dryer. If they are machine dried, it's essential to not use a fabric softener sheet (nor use fabric softener in the wash) since that coats and gums up the microfibers, making them less absorbent and less able to trap and hold dirt.If these were larger they would be a solid 5 stars. As-is, they are 4.5 stars. I'll round up to 5 since, for the price, I've not come across as good of a quality microfiber cloths as these. Very pleased with the performance.
I like the overall size of this scrubber, both in terms of the handle length and the size of the pads. The handle is large enough to allow for a good grip, and the scrubbers are small enough to get into corners while still decently sized for larger surfaces. It is also pretty comprehensive, including both scrubber attachments as well as a bristle attachment.Unfortunately, everything else about this set is not good. The bristle attachment arrived with all the bristles bent and folded, probably due to the fact that the items are all loose in a box. The bristles never returned to the proper shape after a few days, so the bent areas are permanent, making it hard to use. The handle leaked right from the start -- all the soap emptied out overnight, wasting soap and making a mess. The pads are of poor quality and fall apart after very little use. Worst of all, the handle area where the pads fit cracked, so pads will no longer stay in place. And all this was within 3 days of use.While the overall size and shape merits a good rating, the very poor quality, especially given the price, puts my rating at 2 stars. This is not a scrubber I would recommend.
These are excellent towels for certain cleaning tasks. They are thin, but absorb quickly and hold a decent amount of water. They can be rinsed, laid flat to dry, and re-used several times, making them go a lot further than a roll of conventional paper towels.They are ideal for certain cleaning tasks, especially windows, glass, smooth tile and other types of smooth surfaces. They are not, however, all that good for scrubbing or use over a rough surface. They can be used for that, but the roughness will shred the towel making it only good for one use. If used on smooth surfaces, they can be rinsed and re-used multiple times.For me, these are ideal for washing windows. I use a few sheets of these towels with cleaning liquid to get the dirt off the window, then use a single microfiber cloth for a final dry and polish. The used towels are rinsed and set aside to dry for the next task. I can usually get 4 or 5 uses out of a single towel before it starts to shred up.My only quibble is that I don't care for the graphics printed on the towels. They aren't bad looking, just unnecessary. Other than that, no complaints. They work well, last a good amount of time, eliminate the waste of using one-time use paper towels, and are a good value compared to other similar towels (as well compared with  conventional paper towels since one of these towels can take the place of many one-time use paper towels).
Overall, this is a pretty decent mop and bucket set.  The mop is excellent. The pole is metal, and the sections thread together well. The threaded portion is recessed into each section, making for a very durable, solid connection that won't come apart or loosen when using the mop. The mop head is not threaded, but it has a good quality snap button attachment.  The only mop-related complaint I have is that the point of attachment between the pole and the mop head is plastic. It's a decent quality, thick plastic, but metal would have been nice since that's a strain point on the mop.The mop head covers are of good quality, and attach well with Velcro to the mop head. Two pads are provided in the set. While they can be machine washed, it's better to hand wash them and let them air dry while laid flat. It reduces the wear and tear that the pads get in a washing machine.The bucket design could have been better. It is smaller than another similar product that I have which is actually a positive, since it weighs less when full of water. However, it lacks some key convenience features, such as a pop-open drain at the base. It is also not possible to remove the top to clean out the bucket well after use. The overall build quality of the bucket is somewhat lightweight, especially the handle. It lacks the heft and durability of other similar products.While the bucket issues brings my score to 4 stars, this is still a very good performing set. It's easy to get the mop head into the bucket since the mop head has a spring that allows it to automatically fold vertically so it can be inserted into the bucket. The "squeegee" on the dry side does a good job of wringing out the water. The ability to have a wet and a dry side to the bucket makes mopping quicker, easier, and results in a better job.Not perfect, but a decent value for the price.
No complaints at all about these generic replacement heads for a Sonicare. They fit well on my Sonicare -- not so tight that they are difficult to get on or off, and not so loose that they come off too easily. The fit is pretty much the same as the authentic Sonicare brushes.Although these are described as being soft, I would rate the bristles as medium (or perhaps mediumsoft). The bristles are definitely harder than the Sonicare Ultra Soft version, but are not as hard as the Sonicare regular brushes. I would have preferred that they be just a tad softer than they are, but they are not so hard as to cause any notable gum irritation. The oblong head shape is good for getting at the gum line and reaching molars.The set of 8 come in a single box, with each brush individually sealed in a plastic pouch. Plus, there's a cap over the end of each brush. I much prefer this type of packaging versus the blister pack method used by other generic replacement heads. It's easier to deal with and creates less packaging waste.No significant complaints about these -- good value for the price.
These are nicely done compostable bags. The material is thick enough to deal with an acceptable load (e.g., full, but not overstuffed full) without breaking. They are sized fine for a 13 gallon container. It would have been nice to have an extra inch or so of length for an even better fit, but as-is I'm finding them to fit without any significant issue provided they are placed carefully when initially put into the can.If you were to compare these to conventional plastic bags with regard to strength, ability to stretch and puncture resistance, these would clearly come up short. But they are not plastic bags, they are compostable bags. On that basis, they are very well done, with enough strength to be useful but still retain the ability to break down.They come on a single roll with perforations between each bag. I've not had any problems tearing off the bags without damaging them. There are no ties, either provided separately or built into the top of the bag. Again, that's not a con since these are compostable rather than traditional bags.Very helpful to have when dealing with compostable material or even run-of-the-mill trash.  Well worth considering if you need a compostable bag in a larger size.
I'm pleased with the quality of these boxes. The box board is thick enough to feel substantial without looking (or feeling) like they are boxes for mailing. The gold color is glossy and even. They ship flat and are easy to fold into a box. I reinforce the bottom seam with some tape to keep it secure, but using tape is not essential.They are sized well to use as boxes to hold home-made chocolates, candy, cookies and the like, and the gold color gives it a distinctive look. No complaints!
This is a decent, but not outstanding probiotic supplement. It contains only 4 strains (3 Lactobacillus strains and one Bifidobacterium strain) which is on the low end. More significantly, it does not indicate on the ingredients how much of each strain is in the mix. That's a notable shortcoming since it could be heavily weighed on just one strain.The capsules themselves are easy to swallow. The dosage is 2 caps per serving. Thus, the claimed 40 billion CFU potency applies to using 2 caps per day. Each cap has a potency of 20 billion CFUs, making this on the high end of the price scale when you compare it with how long it will last.  The bottle states that the potency listed is at the time of manufacture (which is the usual situation) and that the potency should remain at at least 10 billion CFU per cap prior to the best-by date (which for a bottle received in June 2020 is Aug 2021).It works as well as other probiotics for me. I've not experienced any significant side effects, such as gas or bloating. However, when taking all factors into consideration, it's just an average (3 star) product. The use of only 4 strains, not providing concentration levels for the strains, and requiring 2 caps to hit the claimed 40 billion CFU potency make this only an average value compared with other probiotics.
I'm very satisfied with these syringes. The markings are clear and easy to read, even for my old eyes. The plunger works smoothly with no binding regardless if the fluid is watery or thick.  They come in a box for easy storage, and each one is individually sealed.I use them for pet medications and for mixing DIY flavorings. Solid value for the price, especially if you can get it on a price dip. Highly recommend.
The rope style of this cotton makes it ideal for wicking a mesh build. It works much better than pad cotton, cotton bacon, or other rope style cotton (such as the Fantasea cotton on Amazon). It can get packed tightly against the mesh to prevent hot spots, but still wicks very well.It can also be used for pretty much any other wicking situation but there's no significant difference between this and other cottons for those situations. But for mesh, this stands out as an ideal wick.It's more expensive than the Fantasea cotton rope, but the performance gain is worth it.
There's no difference between the quality of these bags and the usual Ziploc bags, which is a pro -- I've found Ziploc bags to last the longest, and seal better than other brands. The Packers logo and color add a fun touch. The graphics are well done, colorful, and stand out well. There's some added cost to having the branding, but it makes what is normally a boring bag something that stands out.
I can't tell the difference between this and the name brand (Vaseline) with regard to consistency, performance or any other factor. While generics sometimes are of lesser quality than the name brands, this is one of those cases where the generic is identical to the name brand, other than price.The uses for petroleum jelly are just about endless. In addition to the customary use as a skin protectorsoothing agentmoisturizer, it's great to have a tub of this at hand in the workshop for tasks such as lubricating o-rings or gaskets (or as a general lubricant for about anything). It's also great for sealing out moisture and keeping tools, such as gardening tools or mower blades, rust-free in the off season when they are not getting used.
I've been using probiotics for years and have appreciated the benefits. This version didn't offer any significantly different benefits in terms of probiotic activity for me, but it does come with one big plus: they taste great!I normally use pills for probiotics since the chews I've tried were not all that appealing in terms of taste. These are much different -- they are round balls about the same size as a typical malted milk ball. It has a waxy coating so it does not melt in your hand. The dark chocolate taste is excellent. It does not have the same texture as actual chocolate (it's a bit more grainy), but it is very tasty.Probiotics are great to keep everything running smoothly in your gut, and this is the best tasting option I've come across. The only downside is that the cost per dose is higher than many of the capsule-based probiotics. Still, it's a great way to encourage probiotic usage since taking one can be considered a treat rather than a chore, and easily earns this 5-stars.
This is without a doubt the most comfortable knee brace I've ever used. The material is soft throughout, without any hard edges that can dig into your skin. The three Velcro straps are made of a different type of Velcro than my other braces. Instead of a thick strap with large "teeth" that latch onto the hook portion, this has a very thin strap that keeps the bulkiness way down. But, even though the straps are thin, they are still very secure. In fact, it can be hard to unstrap this unless you get a really strong grip on the strap.The build quality is excellent. All the stitching it tight and even, and everything is put together in a very secure manner. This gives me a lot of confidence that this will stand up to a lot of use.It's made of nylon and spandex, and can be washed (hand wash only).All in all, this is an excellent brace. Very supportive but not at the expense of comfort. Highly recommend.[Sample provided for review]
When I first started to use this I was not impressed – the rotating massage balls felt really odd on my back and not that comfortable. But after a few minutes, it started to feel pretty good. A few more minutes and I really felt my back muscles relax. Very nice!There are two rotating balls on each side of the pad. They have infrared heating (which you can turn off) so you get a nice gentle heat during the massage. The balls automatically invert their rotation direction after a few minutes to keep the massage from getting monotonous.The front cover is a mesh material that feels pretty sturdy. The case is covered with what looks and feels like a faux leather. It has a good feel as well, and seems very sturdy. There’s an elastic band on the back so you can strap this to a chair in the proper position to hit the areas of your back you want massaged.The onoff switch is on the base and is fairly flush with the casing so it doesn’t stab you in the back if you lean against it. Press it once turns it on with heat; press it again turns off the heat; press and hold turns it off. It’s powered by a transformer (included) that plugs into the wall outlet, or via a car power port adapter if you want to use it in the car while driving.The sound level is muted, but clearly heard. It makes a grinding, whirring type of sound while operating. It’s not grating, but it’s clearly loud enough to hear in the next cubicle if you plan on using this at work.The warmth level is moderate. You readily feel the warmth penetrate your muscles, but it is not what I would call hot.My main complaint is the size – it’s rather small in terms of coverage when used on my back. While the overall size is reasonable (about 12 inches wide and 8 inches tall at the widest parts) the massage action is limited to a much smaller area. Something that was a few inches larger would make a big difference in the coverage area.  It's also rather thick and bulky (about 4 inches thick) so positioning it on a chair can be challenging if you have a narrow chair seat depth.The elastic strap is also a bit too small for some chairs, and does not hold the unit all that securely. I ended up using it on the sofa and holding it in place by leaning against it. That proved to be more effective that trying to strap it to a chair and have it stay in place.Even with these limitations this is a handy device to have if you have bad back or just get sore from sitting too much. It’s a welcome massage break during the work day.[Sample provide for review]
The main “cold fighting” ingredient in this is Echinacea which, for some people, has been shown to help fight colds. I’ve taken it in the past in pill format with mixed results – sometimes it seems to help; other times not so much.This is another way to get your Echinacea along with other herbs. The ingredients are:Echinacea purpuera herbred rootgreen tea leafelderberry fruitthyme herbred clover herbmyrrh gumIt’s in a base of vegetable glycerin and water, which gives it a syrupy consistency. On the plus side, that can help soothe your throat. On the downside, the taste, to me, was only semi-appealing. It’s not bad or medicinal tasting, just odd – sort of a semi-spicy taste that lingers on your tongue.The dosage is 1ml (25 drops) 1 to 2 times per day. I like that it comes in a glass bottle with a good quality dropper rather than plastic. However, the country of manufacture is not listed nor is the concentration of the various herbs in it.I can’t give it a strong recommendation since the taste is so unusual. It’s one of those items that you’re either going to find tasty or really dislike. But I found the taste odd but interesting, so I’ll give it 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4 since it did soothe my throat.Worth a try but, as with any herbal remedy, don’t expect your cold symptoms to magically disappear.[Sample provided for review]
This brand was recommended to me on the DIY e-liquid forums, and I've been 100% satisfied with it. Easy to work with, very clean taste, and nicely packaged in an HDPE bottle that has a safety seal on it.Essential Depot also sells this on their website, but with Prime, it's a better deal on Amazon. However, if you're looking for larger quantities, Essential Depot sometimes has a 1 gallon PG1 gallon VG combo deal at a great price.Highly recommend this for DIY use.
First of all, I love the presentation of these. This would be a perfect gift just as is. The scents are all pretty nice, and I appreciate that they aren’t overly scented once dissolved in the bath. My bath water ended up quite vibrant, but I didn’t experience any tub staining. I’m looking forward to using the rest of these.
This night cream was fine, just not my favorite that I've ever tried. It was a little too runny for my taste. The scent is pleasant and I will continue to use it, I will just continue to purchase another brand that I prefer.
I liked the aroma while opening the box of shower steamers but in the shower they gave a light scent. I could smell it in the shower but wish it was a little stronger of a scent. I did like the scent so it was pleasant.UPDATE: I wanted to update my review a s state that depending on the scent, you may have more pleasant aromas!  I used another scent out of the pack and it smelled great and had my bathroom smelling like it. I think some scents are lighter than others.
Every beard is different and I wish I had one like Chris Stapleton but unfortunately I don't. I like the Groomed and Tailored Beard Set but my beard is not quite there yet. I love the quality of the items and especially like the scissors. The three tools come in a cloth bag.
I've always made it a point to clean my dogs teeth since it's good for them and dental cleanings are very expensive. I've used dog toothbrushes and finger cloth brushes before but never a dual silicone finger setup like this. I never cleaned the inside of the teeth but only the outer sides. The dual finger brush does make it easier to clean the inside teeth and fortunately my dog is use to me having my fingers in her mouth. I'm sure this might not work for many but it does work okay for me and my situation.
I have very sensitive gums so this was the first time using this type of toothbrush. I normally use a soft head toothbrush, but this toothbrush was too soft and thick. I wasn't able to brush my back molars properly.  I wanted to like it but I don't feel confident this brush was cleaning my teeth well enough.
I got this to help support my weak knee and get the benefits of the compression sleeve. I didn't want to wear two separate items when everything can be had it this one item. The sleeve is tight but I know that's the compression working. Once on, it's comfortable and I don't feel any discomfort. Wished it came in a 2-pack so my legs feel balanced but happy with it giving my one weaker knee support.
I enjoy fresh and steamed broccoli and have noticed that usually, the next day after eating a good amount of broccoli, I feel and look better.  I think there's something in broccoli that really tunes my engine.  So, when this package of broccoli powder came up on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I like it.  I mix it with some wheatgrass powder or other super foods (like to include a sweet one for flavor) and water, mix thoroughly and drink it down.  It's not something to write home about, but I like it well enough and I feel I'm getting some good nutrition.  This powder seems to be fresh and will puff out of the envelope if you're not careful with it.
Oil of oregano is a very potent anti-viral and anti-bacterial.  I've got oregano oil in a liquid (bottle) and in softgels.  I can't tolerate the liquid unless it's diluted because it's so hot.  These little tubes of oregano oil are convenient and taste good, but you only get 50mg of oregano oil per tube.  One softgel of oregano oil usually delivers about 150mg.  If you don't want that much then these tubes are good alternative.  I found that though they taste good, getting all the oil out of the tube was impossible.  There's always an amount left in the bottom.
I don't really see the advantage of "travel size" since all the other shower steamers I've reviewed were individually wrapped in plastic.  But, nonetheless these are easy to toss into a suitcase or bag for trips.  I used two of them at the same time yesterday in the shower and still couldn't really detect much scent.  They're pretty to watch dissolving but as far as scent goes there's not very much.  These come in a very good quality box with a bow, ready for gifting.
This Freshcap Unwind instant drink mix tastes very good.  It's slightly sweet and no where near being too sweet.  Some people may want to add a little more sweetener to it.  I mixed up a tube in some boiling water and it completely dissolved leaving no mushroom sediment at the bottom of my cup.  It nearly has the color of coffee and when I added a little cream to it it looked exactly like coffee and even sort of mimics the taste of coffee but without the caffeine.  The product page says it contains 1000 mg of dual mix (I guess that means Reishi and Chaga) but it doesn't say per serving.  Nor does it say anything on the box about how many mgs you are getting per serving.  I'm assuming that you get 1000 mg of Reishi and Chaga per tube.  I looked at a couple of bottles of mushroom capsules I have and the label said two capsules delivered 1000 mg and so I guess one tube also contains 1000 mg.  Overall I think this is a good product, especially useful right before bedtime to promote a better night's sleep, and it tastes good too.
I've been consuming fulvic and humic acids pretty much daily for the past couple of years in a shilajit form, which is dark, sometimes very thick and it never tastes good by itself.  So, when I saw Trace Minerals humic and fulvic acid on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I've purchased several Trace Mineral product before, mainly their concentrated trace mineral drops and have found them to be very good quality.  I think this Trace Mineral Liquid Gut Health is a very good product and delivers some fulvic and humic acids that are so good for health and so rare to find in the basic American diet.  This is not as concentrated as what you get in shilajit, but it's a big bottle, one teaspoon is the daily dose, and it has no flavor.  It tastes like water.  I think this is a very good supplement though I don't know if it will help with gut health or not but is still a healthy supplement. Shilajit can be very expensive (a couple of hundred dollars depending on the quality) but it contains a LOT of trace minerals.  But for a much less expensive substitute I think the Trace Minerals is a good choice.
These brush heads fit my Philips Sonicare just fine and cost a lot less than name brand replacement heads.  I can't find anything to complain about.  They work great and get my teeth nice and clean.
The last time I ever smelled smelling salts was when I was a kid and another kid in the neighborhood had a bottle of them for some reason.  We all smelled it and I haven't forgotten how strong it smelled.  These Westside Barbell smelling salts are just as strong.  However this time, I used the technique I learned in chemistry class in college which was NOT to stick my nose right over the flask, beaker or whatever container, but to hold it out from my face and waft the air over it with my hand towards my snout.  These are very good smelling salts.
This lavender essential oil already has 102 reviews with a high star rating so I doubt I can add anything unique to say about it.  It has a lovely lavender scent and I will be using this to scent my hand made soaps.
I've done some research on the health benefits of fisetin but can't really find a lot about it.  It hasn't had many studies and the results of the ones done weren't very conclusive.  But, the reason I selected this product for review was not for the fisetin content but the quercetin.  Quercetin is absolutely wonderful at getting zinc into cells to fight off and kill viruses.  It really goes very well with vitamin C, D3 and zinc and I take all of those daily.
I kind of consider this supplement as a back-up to my other supplements and vitamins because although it contains very good things, it doesn't contain some of them in high enough quantities for me.  For instance, I normally take at least 250mcg D3 10,000 IU) daily, and this supplement only contains 3.3 mcg which is a mere fraction and that requires 2 capsules.  But, I like a lot that it contains 167 mg of quercetin, and 167 mg of elderberry, both extremely important in keeping one's immune system strong and healthy.  Overall, I think this is a very good supplement for the immune system but more D3, C, and zinc should be taken along with this.
I think this is a very good D3K2 supplement. It seems to be very reasonably priced (as of this review a bottle of 60 veggie caps costs $16.19 giving you a 3 month supply). One capsule delivers 125 mcg of D3 and 100 mcg  of vitamin K2. 210 mg calcium is also included which is only 16% DV. I take at least 5000 IU of D3 each day and usually more since it is such a powerful anti-viral and is so good for brain health. And in combination with K2, needed calcium is stored in bones and being 63, I don't want to get soft or brittle bones as I age. I think this is a very good supplement.
These foam earplugs are easy to use and they expand inside your ears.  But, I would never rely exclusively on these for really loud sounds like gun shots.  I think they might be fine for car races (probably not Nascar - really loud), or to wear to block out some sounds while trying to get to sleep.  I have one in each ear right now, fully expanded and I can easily hear sounds around me so I can't really tell if they would reduce loud sounds or not. They seem to be made out the regular foamy material a lot of ear plugs are made out of and they come very well packaged and you get 3 pairs in one plastic box for a total of 12 pairs.
All of the liquid liposomal vitamin C products that I've reviewed have all had a strong flavor - not bad but some people might like to dilute in water or something. I take it straight out of the bottle but the sweetened citrus flavoring is strong. I most definitely prefer a liposomal form of vitamin C whether it's capsules or liquid. Liposomal vitamin C stays in your system much longer than the water soluble ascorbic acid which is excreted quickly by the body. Liposomal means the ascorbic acid is wrapped in a fat blanket (sunflower oil) and is therefore carried much further and longer in your system fighting cold and flu viruses. This bottle of liposomal vitamin C is nearly the same as all the others I've reviewed so there's a lot of them to choose from. I can find nothing negative to say about this liquid liposomal vitamin C.
I really like these blue light blocking reading glasses.  They are very well constructed and not cheap looking like some other readers I've reviewed.  The colors on the frame are very pretty and these glasses fit my narrow face nicely without sliding or hurting my narrow nose bridge.  The lenses are very clear with no warping and magnify very well. These come with a cleaning cloth and hard shell case.
The cling wrap works great - just like name brand.  The box it comes in is cr*p and wants to fall apart.  I haven't had it long enough to see how well it decomposes in my compost heap but if it remains in it for long I will update this review.
It's always a pleasant surprise to be able to get a very healthful supplement in a form that is very tasty and super easy to consume.  These aloe jelly sticks are a treat to eat.  I love the texture and flavor and I like knowing I'm getting the health benefits of aloe.  I can't find anything negative to say about them.
I like these types of facial cleansing devices.  I have 3 of them now and really like using them to exfoliate dead skin cells off my face.  This one is gentle works well.  I don't know how long it will hold a charge but my other two that are very similar hold a charge for a long time.  I don't use any electronic facial devices except for this one and I think it does a good job at gently loosening up dead skin cells.
These are tasty ashwagandha gummies but the texture is more like a soft candy than real gummy which is very chewy.  Ashwagandha helps to calm me down and I sleep better at night and I've read that it helps reduce panic attacks.
This supplement is in the form of magnesium glycinate. It is used mostly for helping one get to sleep. It relaxes the muscles, lowers blood pressure and basically prepares the body for sleep. I've taken magnesium glycinate off and on for years to help me get to sleep and it usually does the trick.  The type of magnesium (magnesium glycinate) is highly absorbable and is one of the best forms to take.  However, I think this bottle of 60 capsules (a one month supply for $29.99 as of this review) is too expensive.  I've seen it for a lot less than $29.99.
I find this lion's mane powder in capsules to be very good quality. It has no taste that I can detect. I don't like swallowing pills so I open the capsules and dump the lions mane powder into another container and then add it to my coffee in loose form. The recommended dosage is 2 capsulesday and that's about the scooped amount I put in my coffee. Lions mane has many healthy benefits and my husband and I have been taking a blend of various mushroom powders, including lion's mane everyday for the past couple of years and both of us have not been the least bit sick since starting that. I think this is an excellent supplement.
I'm going to assume that you already know why you're shopping for black maca powder as it seems to have several health benefits, one of which is supposedly increasing sexual desire in both men and women. That said, I think these capsules are good quality and they have not given me any adverse side effects. I have to be careful what I ingest lest I get a serious bout of gastric distress going. So far I have not had any problems with this supplement.  I think this is  very good loose, maca root powder.
These clippers clip nail very quickly and efficiently with leaving any jagged edges.  I still have to smooth the edges down some but I do that with all my nail clippers, not just these.  These come in a nice tin to store them in.
As of this review I don't know how much these clean wipes costs.  I think they do a good job of cleaning and are about the same size as a full sized Kleenex but much stronger and can be used multiple times.  I think the idea is that they don't shed any fibers which is great for places where tiny fibers can interfere with sensitive equipment - electronics labs and the situations given on the product page.
I've tried this supplement in capsule and in powder form.  I think I like the capsule form better because the powder tastes kind of fishy and has no sweet (but it's not bitter either).  These capsules cost $119.95 as of this review and the powder is about ten dollars more.  Both are a one month supply.  However, 3 capsulesday is the recommended dosage and I'm not fond of swallowing pills.  I really wish I could say, "Wow! This has dramatically improved my cognitive abilities" but I can't.  I think I'm the wrong person to test it out since my cognitive abilities are already pretty darn good.  But, I've only been taking it as directed for a little over two weeks and these things often take more time than that.  The directions on the side of the powder container say to take a cognitive test before starting and then after 30 days take another one to see how well your cognitive skills have improved.  I don't have that much time to wait before I can write a review.  I will say that it doesn't make me sick to my stomach or gives me any unwanted side effects at all.
I think this container of collagen is kind of pricey coming in at $39.98 (as of this review).  I've reviewed other high quality collagens that cost less and were also flavorless.  That said, I think this is a good collagen product for collagens I and III.  It dissolves well in liquids and has no taste that I can detect.  I've been taking collagen on a daily basis for about 8 months and have finally started to notice improvement in the skin on my arms and face.  It takes a long time to see results so consistency is needed.  My skin is a lot more flexible and plumper.
I think this is a very good red superfood powder but I can't see paying $46.99 (the cost of one can as of this review) for it.  I have reviewed several other red superfood powders and I don't recall any of them costing that much.  I have several red superfood mixes that contain many of the same ingredients as this but the cost is much less.  That said, I think this is an excellent mix, it has a lot of very good ingredients that are very beneficial for good health,  it dissolves well with little clumping, the color is pretty and the flavor is good.  I've only mixed it in water and like it best that way.  I'm trying to drink more water during the day and I always want either a red or green or a mixture of both powdered superfood in it.
As of this review this electric candle lighter costs $7.99, which I think is a reasonable price for it.  It works well but is not as durably constructed as some other ones that I've reviewed.  However, it works very well and is nice to have when needing to light candles or even the gas ignitor on a stove.  It comes with a USB cord for charging, but the cord I got wouldn't fit into the port on the end of the lighter.  But, since most of us have about 1,000 of USB cords lying around you will find another to fit if yours also doesn't fit.  I'm using another cord and all is well.  Also, I like that it has a small slide switch on the end of the lighter that has to be in the "on" position before it will work.  I just think that makes it a little safer in case a child should play with it.
I have sensitive areas where the dentin is not completely covered by enamel so if a toothbrush bristle hits it I go electric.  I've been using sensitive toothpastes for years so when this one came up on my list of items I could review I decided to try it.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it contains fluoride since I'm trying to eliminate fluoride from my diet as much as possible.  I've used the Spotlight sensitive toothpaste twice a day for about a week and if my teeth were going to react to it they would have by now.  I have not had any sensitivity issues with this toothpaste.  Also, it tastes fine and my teeth really feel nice and clean afterwards.  As of this review I don't know how much it costs.
These travel packs only contain collagen from one source - bovine and they are very pricey.  As of this review 7 travel packs of 10 grams each costs nearly $20.00.  I don't think the convenience of having 10 grams of collagen in a pack is worth all the extra money.  I have reviewed a lot of collagen products and the latest one I've reviewed only costs $24.95 for 324 grams.  And it contains collagen from 5 different sources. The ELAINE collagen only contains bovine collagen.  All that said, it mixes in with my hot coffee completely and I couldn't even tell that it was there.  It's totally flavorless and did not clump at all.
The absolute best bone broth is that which you make yourself using cracked bones and boiling them for several hours.  Drain and filter and freeze what you don't use right away.  However, that is time consuming and messy.  Though I know I get the best quality bone broth by making it myself, a powder is so nice and easy.  I've added this powder it to soup stock and into my meatloaf recipe.  It's savory and not sweet or chocolate flavored (a lot of them are and I really get tired of chocolate everything) and can be added to a lot of dishes or drunk as is mixed with hot water.  It tastes fine and though it's kind of pricey, you get a big container of it.
These B12 drops don't taste quite as good as some others that I've reviewed, but they pack a lot of B vitamins per ml.  These drops contain B2, B3, B5, B6 and B12 which make for a very good complex.  I have found from personal experience over the past few years, that a high daily dose of B12 significantly improves my cognitive abilities.  I haven't had brain fog in a long time and my memory is sharp when I take a good B complex, especially B12.  I think these are excellent drops though they aren't as candy flavored as some others but they don't taste bad either.  These drops are very easy to use and are an excellent alternative to pills.
I've got a problem with  colostrum. It may be perfectly good for human consumption, but the soul that is supposed to consume it is the baby goat. I'm kind of sorry I selected this product for review because after reading up on it I don't think it's very ethically sourced. And it's pricey too. I'm finding it hard to believe that a $59.00 bottle of colostrum capsules will give any more health benefits than many other less expensive supplements.
125 mcg equals 5,000 IU which is about what I take on a daily basis, more or less.  These vitamin D3 pills are very small and easy to swallow.  D3 is fat soluble and should stay in your system longer.  I think one small capsuleday is plenty, at least for me.  The bottle is too big for the quantity because it looks like the bottle is nearly empty but it contains 60 little vitamin D3 pills.  The vitamin D3 is in coconut oil.
Elderberry is a very potent anti-viral and I use it whenever I feel the symptoms of a cold or flu coming on.  I always feel good the next day.  I think these elderberry gummies with vitamin C and zinc are very tasty and are an excellent daily preventative to keep your immune system nice and strong.
Coconut oil is often a solid at room temperature (except during the hot months) so I was glad to see this oil available for review.  Our house is kind of cold and it has remained a nice, clear and easy to use liquid.  It's easy to pump out and apply.  I can't say it's the best moisturizer I've ever used because coconut oil is naturally a little dehydrating.  I still like it though and have been using this oil everyday after showering.  It does not smell like coconuts at all and has no scent that I can detect.
Normally I just love gummy vitamins but these don't taste very good.  I like the vitamins and omega-3's they contain, all that is very good.  They just don't taste good.  I immediately get a fishy flavor (got to be from the algae they are made from) followed by some serious tartness.  Though they are still palatable, why consume these when there are other gummy vitamins that are just as good and taste a lot better?  If you don't mind tartness and a little fishy flavor then I highly recommend these.
These are very good elderberry gummies. These deliver 100 mg elderberry2gummies, has 90 mg of vitamin C and 7.5 mg of zinc citrate. Taking two of these is a good way to start the day by giving your immune system a jump start against cold and flu viruses. I've been trying to accumulate a lot elderberry supplements because elderberry is a very powerful anti-viral. The gummies taste very good - sweet and tart and the texture is good.  These are a great preventative if taken every day.
Nigella Sativa extract is a very powerful anti-oxidant, anti-carcinogen and has been proven to be effective against 97 out 144 superbugs. And this is just a few of it's health benefits.  The dosage is two capsule per day which delivers 700 mg of nigella sativa extract.  I think this is a great supplement to keep in your medicinal arsenal along with Oregano oil and Olive leaf extract. This is one of few nigella sativa powders I've reviewed but I find it to be as good as, and maybe better than black seed oil.  It costs more than black seed oil.  As of this review one bottle of 60 nigella sativa powder capsules costs nearly $40.00.  I've bought black seed oil frequently so whenever I see nigella sativa on my list of items I can review I instantly select it because it is one mine and my husband's favorite supplements.
These elderberry gummies are very near the top of my list of favorite elderberry gummies.  These taste very good but my main reason for liking them so much is that they include propolis, echinacea and vitamin C.  These don't have any zinc and I'm glad of that because it seems like zinc is included in so many other supplements.  These gummies have about twice the amount of elderberry of many other gummies that I've reviewed and I've learned from experience what an incredible anti-viral elderberry is.  I haven't got sick at all this cold and flu season.
We had an infestation of pantry moths in our pantry and had to throw out a lot of dried food like crackers, cereals, some dried figs and items that are high in carbohydrates.  The rotten little monsters could smell what I had in zip-loc bags and burrowed right through them to the food.  Besides waging serious war with the moths, I've placed a lot of food items in these smell-proof bags in the hopes if there are any moths left that we didn't eradicate that they will not be able to smell the food through the bags and thus burrow into them.  So far it seems to be working but we also having found any moths stuck to the fly strips we hung up in there either so that's a good sign we might have gotten them all.  These bags seem well made and should last a long time.
I think these detergent sheets would be great for kids living in dorms at school, or when you are taking lengthy trips somewhere. But for home use I'd rather have my big jug of liquid laundry detergent.  I've used several of these and they seem to clean clothes just fine and don't leave any perfume scent behind on them.  However, I have to use 3 sheets at a time since my laundry loads are big.  At that rate, I only get about 10 or 11 loads done and that just isn't all the economical since one box costs $10.59.  I can get a big jug of liquid for about that much money.  All that said, these clean fine, are easy to carry (especially good for those who can't carry much stuff) and don't leave a perfume scent behind.  These would be great for those with a very limited storage space in their laundry area.
I buy a LOT of turmeric powder either from Amazon or from my nearest multi-cultural food market.  I make what is called, "Golden Paste" out of turmeric, coconut oil, water and freshly ground black pepper.  It has helped me and my husband immensely with bone and joint health.  I'm 62 and play very competitive tennis, singles and doubles against opponents less than half my age and I often win.  I am a true believer in the miracle of Golden Paste as my previously super sore and creaky knees have been transformed into those of a 25 year old's - no kidding.  Please google "golden paste" and see how easy it is to make at home and give it a try.  When this ORGANIC turmeric came up on my list of items I could review it took less than a nano second to select it.  I think it's wonderful, it comes in 3 smaller bags instead of one big one and it seems to be among the best organic turmeric I've used.
I've reviewed a lot apple cider vinegar gummies and these are my least favorite of all of them.  The flavor is just o.k. and the texture is not very gummy-like.  I like that these have the mother, but that's about all they have going for them except for a little B9 and B12 vitamins.
Hubs and I have been taking a blend of mushroom powder everyday for months and I think it has really helped with our immune system. When this mushroom supplement came up on my list of items I could review I instantly selected it. I like the variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
I think this mix did give me a little extra energy the other day when I had two tennis practices nearly back to back.  I have tried this mix several times and though I haven't noticed a jolt in energy, I didn't get overly fatigued either, especially while playing in the hot sun.  It mixes well with plain water though it seems to settle out a little bit if left to sit in the glass for a while.  The flavor is not all that good - it has a strong, almost bitter flavor that I don't really care for.  I have since started mixing this with another electrolyte mix that has a sweeter and more pleasant flavor.  I like the combination and it really keeps my electrolyte level up when sweating and exercising in the heat.
This stuff is GREEN!  But it's a nice deep green which tells me it's loaded with good wheat grass juice.  I'm not particularly fond of the taste but it's drinkable.  I know I'm getting good nutrition when I drink it so I easily tolerate the taste.  It mixes up nicely in water and that's the only way I've been drinking it so far.  I kind of got off of smoothies but will try some in one eventually.  The bag is big with a lot of servings.  I've never had wheat grass juice before so when it came up on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it and am glad I did.
I have the exact same Jigsaw Health Pickleball electrolyte powder but in a plastic can and use it a lot.  So, when I saw these individual packets available for review I instantly selected them.  I really like this electrolyte mix.  I play a lot of competitive tennis - singles and double - underneath the hot sun in the Deep Humid South.  I sweat like a sailor and need instant electrolyte replacement.  I have tried and reviewed a LOT of electrolytes - some I like a lot like this one and others that I save for when it's cold outside and I don't sweat much.  This Pickleball electrolyte is my first choice because it contains more potassium, sodium and magnesium than any of the others that I have.  These packets make it easy to take some along in my tennis bag and mix up a bottle when I feel I need it.  This electrolyte mix is some of the best I've ever had the opportunity to try and review and I can't find anything negative to say about it.  It mixes easily in water and has a nice orange flavor.
Bone marrow is a very good source of nutrition that most people no longer get, me included.  I didn't even know about the health benefits of bone marrow until a few short months ago.  When I saw this supplement available for review I wanted to try it.  I think it's very good, and very high quality.  I just can't deal with taking 4 capsule of it each day.  I will have to bust them open and pour the contents into soups or something.  I have other forms of bone marrow supplements that I like better such as a thick gravy kind that is already seasoned and all I have to do is spoon it into a casserole, meatloaf, soup, etc.... and stir it in before cooking it.  And I have a bone marrow supplement that's chocolate flavored that I can mix up in a smoothie.  All are good forms and if you have no trouble swallowing pills or capsules I think this would be a great choice.
I like the wide variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement. I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
I've been taking Lion's Mane Mushroom powder for about 2 months solid and find that it has basically no flavor at all. I put it in my coffee or a turmeric tea, it mixes in well and it's easy to drink. I've done a some research on it and it seems to be a very good supplement and highly beneficial for good health. Here are some the benefits it has:- Enhanced brain functioning- Ability to prevent or slow the growth of cancer- Supports heart health- Helps with depression and anxiety- Potent antioxidant- Reduces inflammation- Boosts immune system- Supports digestive healthThe only side effect I've been able to find is that it might cause a slight skin rash with some minor itching but is very rare and not considered serious, just irritating. I think this is a very good lion's mane supplement.
I have purchased a lot of bottles of Liposomal Vitamin C but of other brands because of Covid-19. My whole family takes liposomal vitamin C instead of regular vitamin C for one main reason. Liposomal vitamin C stays in your system much longer and is not excreted or used up nearly as quickly as regular ascorbic acid type vitamin C, which is what most people take. The liposomal type is best because it will stay in your system to continue giving protection from viruses. I learned of liposomal from watching health oriented Youtube videos. This brand is every bit as good as the other brands I've taken and and you need no less that 1500 mg each day, and we take even more. This type of vitamin C costs more, but it's definitely worth the extra money. Easily 5 stars and more.
I've been trying to accumulate as many Elderberry products as I can because it is such a powerful anti-viral and will get to the core of a cold or flu real fast and knock it out.  When this Elderberry powder came up on my list of items I could review I had to try it.  I mixed a spoonful up in about 4 ounces of cold water and stirred until it was mostly in solution.  I tasted it and was glad it wasn't bitter.  It tasted pretty much like nothing.  I added a little honey to it and it was very easy to drink down.  The bag says one serving is 2g of elderberry powder but says nothing about any other ingredients such as vitamins.  All that information is on the product page.  I think this is a good product and will keep it on hand come this winter season to use to ward off cold and flu viruses.
These are wonderful trash bags!  They have a rubbery feel to them and are very stretchy.  They easily fit over our standard size kitchen garbage can with no fighting necessary to get it stretched over the top rims.  They don't come with wire ties and aren't designed with flaps to tie so if you over fill it you really have to mash the trash down to get enough bag to tie together or buy some wire ties separately.
This mushroom supplement is probably one of least expensive ones I reviewed in a long time.  As of this review it costs  $14.99.  I like the wide variety of mushrooms included and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system.  All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
This supplement is a good BACKUP to what you are already taking to prevent getting the flu and keeping your immune system healthy.  I say that because these aren't ordinary times with Covid-19, and extra supplements are necessary.  I like some of ingredients in this supplement but wish the vitamin C had been liposomal and not ascorbic acid.  The zinc is in the form of zinc oxide, which is the least bioavailable.  Most of it won't be utilized by your body.  All the other ingredients are good and I always like to see Elderberry included since it is a powerful anti-oxidant and virus buster.  I take over 1500 mg liposomal vitamin C each day plus extra zinc (citrategluconate) so I don't think the 180mg of vitamin C (in this supplement) will do anything to help your immune system fight off Covid.  I'm giving it 3 stars and think that is being generous.
This supplement has ingredients that are known to help joint health - Chondrointin, Glucosamine Sulfate, MSM, and I was glad to see turmeric added.  I'm a big fan of turmeric and use it mostly for maintaining my joint health by making what is called, "Golden Paste" - extremely good for health.  I think this is a good supplement but it will take time and patience before noticing any improvement.  If you want fast improvement Google golden paste, make it and take it as directed.
I sprayed a biking backpack that I wear when I ride my bike.  I often carry food and a lot of stuff in it and it always gets grimy.  I washed it once in the machine and it did o.k. but I decided to spray it all over with this spray.  It went on fine.  The family said it had a smell but I could barely detect it.  I had enough to lay on two coats with some left over.  I haven't used my backpack yet but I needed to get a review up in time so I will update it if I think it doesn't work as advertised.
I sprayed the back, seat and arms of a old chair that I recently had re-upholstered and didn't want stains to get on the new fabric.  This product sprays easily and I layed  it on pretty heavy and used up the can.  It didn't chain the color of the fabric and it smells fine.  I don't know at this time how well my fabric will protected from food drops and animal dirt.  It seems so far to be a good product.
Getting kids to eat healthy is not the easiest chore in the world and they need good gut health as much as adults do.  I think these chewable probiotics are a good way to get some extra probiotics into your kids.  I have teens that won't drink my home made kombucha or kefir (loaded with naturally occurring probiotics) so I like to give them probiotics in a chewable form and these were a big hit.  These have a high CFU which are derived from 5 strains of bacteria.  There are probiotics in pill form that have a much higher CFU count from many more strains, but most kids balk at taking pills.
I really do think that this is a good product for joint health.  I've been taking glucosamine and chondroitin in pill form for several years and so far my joints have been very healthy.  I don't much like swallowing pills so when I can find a supplement in a gummy or liquid form I like to try them out.  That said, this stuff tastes awful.  It's really hard for me to swallow it down and I will have to mix it up with something the mask it's flavor.
Oh my!  I found this to be like drinking pancake syrup it was so thick and sweet.  I have since started diluting it in about 6 oz. of water.  I can't really tell if it helps with recovery or not.  I play a lot of competitive tennis and sometimes come off the court absolutely whacked.  The next time that happens I'll try this protein drink again and see if it helps with energy recovery.  Until then I'm giving it 3 stars.
I can't smell this but for just a micro second after spraying it.  It initially has a little bit of a bleach smell but then nothing.  I sprayed some in my daughter's really stinky running shoes and it helped a lot.  I could use this in a gallon size since we have pets and stinky tennis shoes.  It seems to work as advertised so unless it stops working I think it deserves 5 stars.
I play a lot of competitive tennis.  I had a grueling match last weekend and was fatigued when it was over and I was finally back home.  I drank about 14 a bottle of the Vital Performance Recovery Drink and put the rest in the refrigerator.  It's a week later and the bottle is still there, untouched.  I felt better after drinking the amount I drank, but it doesn't taste very good.  I think I will take the remainder bottle with me to my next match and drink it during the match and see if it helps me keep my energy level up.  I like the idea of recovery drinks, but I need something more palatable.
These are excellent boxes for gift giving, especially if the box needs to be kind of fancy (not like re-using old Amazon boxes) to match the occasion.  The come flat but are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  The boxes are textured and are a lovely white color.
These are excellent boxes for presenting gifts in.  They are made of good, white cardboard that have a nice sheen and a good texture.  They are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  Just fold on the creases and slide the tabs into the slots on the bottom.  I wouldn't put a particularly heavy object in them since the tabs and slots are all that keep the bottom intact.  These boxes make a perfect cube shape.
I am really pleased that this product came up on my list of items I can review. When I saw it I instantly selected it because I know that Chlorella is an excellent green superfood. I love superfoods and consume them often. This one is just Chlorella with no Spirulina added, but if you want both in a capsule it's easy to find here on Amazon. If it's only Chlorella you're interested in this is a great way to take it. I like both the powdered and capsule forms. I like the powder for my smoothies but sometimes I don't want a smoothie and the capsules are a great alternative. I always feel better and more energized when I consume green superfoods. They have a lot of nutrition and naturally occurring minerals. There is nothing negative I can find to say about this product.
I have reviewed a LOT of blue-light blocking reading glasses and I can easily say these are the best so far.  They are light weight and so easy and comfortable to wear.  I have a very sensitive and narrow nose bridge and I've been wearing a pair of these glasses for several hours now with absolutely no problem.  The lenses are clear and non-distorting.  They come with soft cases and cleaning cloths.  The frames seem to be well-built and sturdy.  There is absolutely nothing negative I can find to say about them.
I have purchased a lot of Chaga mushroom powder in the past because it is know to be a incredibly powerful anti-viral.  With this weird flu going around the planet I wanted extra Chaga for my entire family to keep our immune systems healthy.  When this Chaga powder with Shilajit powder came up on my list of items I could review I jumped on it.  I've knows about the wonderful health benefits of Chaga for some time, but after reading about Shilajit I knew I wanted more so I have put some on my wish list to order later when this runs low.  Shilajit is know for keeping brains healthy and mild Alzheimer's at bay.  My mother suffered from dementia in her final years and I absolutely do not want to go through what she went through.  This product comes very well packaged and I feel it is excellent quality.
The mushrooms used in this blend offer a lot of health benefits but I selected it for review mainly for the Chaga mushroom content.  Chaga mushroom chunks and powder is very expensive but it has an absolutely amazing anti-viral capacity.  It's very potent and mixed with these other excellent mushroom powders makes a very good supplement.
It's just like pouring a little oil into your coffee.  It floats on the top in circles of oil.  This has a little bit of creamer effect but not much and I think it's awfully expensive.  As of this review one box of these non-dairy MCT Oil Creamers costs $27.00.  I'm not on a ketogenic diet, but if I was I think I'd buy a bottle of MCT oil and add it and just drink my coffee black.  It's o.k. but nothing to write home about.
I'd like to know exactly what's in this leather conditioner but no where on the box or product page does it say.  I'm pretty sure it has a lot of coconut oil in it since it smells like coconut.  It's kind of soft, and doesn't take much pressure to get some on the included sponge.  It cleaned a couple of purses and an old pair of shoes pretty well, but if it's mainly coconut oil I have that here at home for a lot less money.
I have to have electrolytes when playing tennis. I play very competitively, especially during the summer months when it's very hot here in the Deep South. If I don't have an electrolyte drink available during a match I start getting the shakes and afterwards I am prone to muscle cramping which hurts like you-know-what. I have tasted these electrolyte drops and they taste fine in water, but I haven't been able to test it out on a hot court since it's still winter. But, looking at the ingredients list it seems to have everything I need and more. I especially like the extra potassium it contains.  And I usually have to add a little NaCl to it since I sweat so much of it out while playing but I probably won't have to because it contains 125mg of sodium per serving.  I'm really looking forward to using this electrolyte come this Spring and Summer.
Unless you are just loaded with money and don't mind spending $79.98 for a MONTH'S SUPPLY of this supplement, I'd find these components elsewhere for a lot cheaper.  Turmeric capsules are cheap and easy to find, Astaxanthin and Holly Basil Leaf supplements are cheap and easy to find, and probably Artic Pine too. No way would I buy this especially for the turmeric content.  I have bags of turmeric powder (can be found at a regular grocery store) and about a billion capsules of turmeric supplement and I know it's cheap to buy.  I also have a lot of holly basil and astaxanthin to take anytime I need it.  I'm sure the contents and bioavailability of these MOVE capsules are very good, and they're easy to swallow, but my cheapness just won't let me part with that much money for something I can get for less than half and more of it.
I've been taking a CoQ10 supplement for the last several years mainly because it's very good for heart health.  These gelcaps are big, but not too hard to swallow and only one per day is the dosage.  I'm not a CoQ10 expert, but as far as I can tell these are good quality and I have no reservations in taking them.
This are perfect when space in your luggage is at a premium.  If you're only traveling for a few days toss several of these in your toiletry bag and you'll be set.  This is so much better than trying to fill up a travel bottle with mouthwash and finding a toothpaste tube with the least amount in it.  I have nothing negative to say about these dental packs whatsoever.
This is my first experience with Barley Grass Juice powder and I think I love it.  I've read that it's a complete food and is excellent for Vegans and Vegetarians though I'm neither.  I don't know the exact price of this bag as of this review, but I think it's probably around $48.00, which is out of my price range.  Therefore, I will consume it for the health benefits, (probably in more smoothies) and then go back to my other green superfoods that I also love.  This is very good, high quality barley grass JUICE powder and not the Barley plant dried and ground up.
Triphala powder is a combination of 3 powerful Ayurvedic herbs - Amla, Bibhitaki and Haritake.  Triphala has several uses which have been studied.  It is an anti-inflammatory, anti-carcinogen and a anti-microbial.  It has shown promise in mice studies to reduce belly fat and it is a natural laxative.  It also has shown to be be very helpful in reducing plaque and gum disease.  A mouthwash made of this can help with periodontal disease.  This particular Triphala powder seems to be high quality and is organic.
The vitamin C in these gummies is ascorbic acid and scientific research says that's not really vitamin C.  I think the best ingredient in these gummies is the zinc.  Zinc is a good at helping the immune system to fight off cold viruses.  These gummies taste great and I could eat the entire bottle in one sitting if I didn't exercise control, but I'm not too keen on the vitamin C source.
My daughter plays snare drum in her marching band and she teaches drum in her teacher's studio so there's a lot of loud harmful noise that needs to be greatly reduced so she won't lose any hearing or develop tinnitus later in life.  She likes these earplugs and says they are definitely 5 stars.  They fit in her ears well, cut down on a lot of damaging frequencies and are comfortable to wear.
Moringa powder is known for it's anti-oxidant properties, is an anti-bacterial and anti-fungal, also may help with cardiovascular problems and improve brain health.  I put some in a smoothie and couldn't taste it.  This Moringa powder seems to be very good quality and finely ground.
We can't taste anything in this drink.  It tastes just like Seltzer water to me.  Hubs thinks it tastes bitter.  I just can't see buy cans of seltzer water despite them looking chic and interesting in the lunch room.  When someone asks if they can taste it they're going to say they don't taste anything.
These pill boxes are attractive but not as attractive as they look in the picture on the product page and won't hold many pills.  And they aren't nearly the quality of pill boxes of yore.  I've had boxes of about the same quality and eventually something always went wrong with them but maybe these will hold up.  I wish they didn't have the plastic insert which makes you put the pills into 3 different sections.  if you only have to carry a few pills with you then these boxes should work out alright.
I wrote on the back of the bag what the uses for this powder are, and how to mix it up in hot water.  Put about 14 - 12 teaspoon in hot (not boiling water) let it cool and drink it down.  It tastes awful. It can be sweetened with a little bit of honey if necessary.  It's supposed to be good for gastrointestinal health, weight lose, is an anti-oxidant and anti-bacterial, lowers blood sugar levels, increases insulin sensitivity and is often used to treat mouth ulcers and gum disease.  It should not be taken during pregnancy.  If you take too much it can make you poop a lot.  As far as I can tell, this powdered Haritaki is very finely powdered and is good quality.
I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.
I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while. You get 4 pairs in this pack.
I think these latex-free gloves are every bit as good as name brand latex gloves. They are also prettier with the lace imprint going around the bottom of the gloves. I have worn regular latex gloves a lot, especially when making my hand made soaps but I will be wearing these from now on. I don't think I'm allergic to latex but I used to get some horrible zits after going to the dentist so maybe I am. These latex-free gloves feel flexible yet seem durable to last a good while.  You get 4 pairs in this pack.
I don't know why I keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items I can review. I really can't tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming. I assume they are healthy in some way so I dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies. I can't even detect that the AyuForest Karela powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and I can't taste it. You don't get very much of it though and the package is small.  I guess if you are interested in Karela powder you already know why you want it. I'll just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
I don't know why I keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items I can review.  I really can't tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming.  I assume they are healthy in some way so I dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies.  I can't even detect that the Astragalus powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and I can't taste it.  I guess if you are interested in Astragalus powder you already know why you want it.  I'll just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
I have used all sorts of Duracell brand batteries for years and never had a problem with any of them. They have always lasted a long time in whatever device I needed them for and they also have a long shelf life. I've had them in the package for years before using and they were still very good. These are so much better than any Chinese or knock-off battery I've tried to use.
I think these balloons are pretty good quality.  Mine didn't have any holes like some other reviewers balloons did.  You only get one number per package of balloons so if you need two of the same number you'll have to order two packages.  I used a mattress inflater to fill them but only used air - no helium, though I think they would look great floating.  They seem to hold air for a long time and the pink color is very pretty.
These pills are big, and 2day is the recommended dosage.  I think they are good, but if I'm swallowing that many big pills I would like for them to contain more vitamins and minerals than they do.  I know they aren't supposed to be a mulit-vitamin, but a good mulit-vitamin contains all that and more.  i've been taking them for about two weeks and have not noticed any negative side effects or stomach upset.
Flavor is the first criteria I review when reviewing energy drinks, and I have reviewed a lot of them.  It's still too much on the sweet side but almost all of them are.  I don't know why they have to be so sweet, I usually add limelemon juice to them to cut the sweet.  That said, I play two hard sets of singles yesterday in the hot sun and had my water bottle filled with this energy booster.  I felt o.k. for the most part. Playing in the sun really saps my energy so knowing that I was still going pretty strong towards the end of the match tells me this stuff must be helping.
This filter is working fairly well in our shower.  Hubs isn't tall so it didn't affect him, but I am tall and it comes to just a an inch or so above my head.  I can still take a shower but the shower spray is not as diffuse as before.  Installing the filter was basically a no-brainer.  Take off shower head, install filter apparatus (even plumbing tape is included), put shower head back on.  We don't have a hard water problem here, but I like knowing a lot of chemicals are being filtered out.  I don't know how long these filters will last but I will be ordering more just to have on hand.
My daughter is the one who really uses selfie-sticks and anything that will help her make movies with her iPhone.  She likes this selfie-stick tripod a lot, and especially that it has a place to hold the remote.  the Bluetooth connected easily to her phone, and she was soon taking pictures with her phone in it.  It doesn't go as high as her other iPhone tripod, but it's very portable.  The tripod legs are kind of short and the stability is not real good, but it will do.  She will be using this for class projects where she has make movies or video tape home physics experiments.
I drank this yesterday as directed on the side of the container and I seemed to have more energy than I thought I would at my evening tennis practice.  I had worked out pretty hard using the tennis ball machine earlier that day and was kind of dragging before tennis practice time.  I drank a full 8 oz of water with one scoopful of Gen One Nutrition-Intramino Intra-Workout BCAA Amino Acids Powder and I really did feel pretty good and played well at practice.  I wasn't even very tired when I got home and our coach had us doing conditioning drills.  The flavor was sort of coconut-like and sweet.  I wish it was not so sweet but it seems that most of these type powders just load up on sweetness.  It dissolved well in water and I didn't see any clumps.  I like this but will have to add some lemon juice to it next time to tone down the sweet.
I add a scoopful of Maca powder and a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my smoothies as extras.  My main ingredients are my green superfood powders, banana,milk kefir, protein powder and whatever else I have that I want to toss in.  I haven't had any adverse reaction from the Maca powder and from what I've read it's supposed to help with a lot of various ailments - menopausal problems being what I am most interested in, though I can't really tell if my hot flashes are decreasing or not.  And I can't really detect any taste or weird texture since it's getting mixed up with other things, but some people sprinkle it on yogurt, oatmeal, salads, etc....straight out of the package.  While growing up nothing like these superfood powders were ever available so I like consuming them now that I can.
I've never even heard of Amalaki until this powder came up for review.  I selected it because I really love these types of things and am always looking for something extra and good, to add to my daily smoothies.  I use a lot of super food powders because I really do feel better after consuming them.  I added a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my regular smoothie and it actually gave it a better flavor.  They had always been a little overly-sweet and the Amalaki powder really balanced it out well.  I read that Amalaki fruit is very high in vitamin C and is supposed to be very good for the digestive system.  My digestive system can give me some serious grief at times and is the main reason I started making my own milk kefir, kombucha and other fermented foods to get the natural probiotics they contain.  So far, I have not had any gastic problems drinking my smoothies containing Amalaki and I can only hope it helps in the ways it has been reported to do so.
I mixed a heaping scoopful in some cold, filtered water and it took some stirring but finally seemed to dissolve.  It turned the water a beautiful cherry red but it did not taste like cherries.  It tastes a lot like beets (since beets are the primary ingredient) and I could detect the flavor of the soil they were grown in.  I've grown organic beets in my raised beds and I never could get the dirt taste completely out of them so I'm not complaining.  As far as sweetness goes, there was very little despite it being sweetened with Stevia.  I will be putting this into my smoothies and kefir smoothies from now on since it's flavor is not all that good but the ingredients are top notch.
We always keep electrolytes of various brands and flavors not just for the kids, but for us grown ups too.  I've used Mommy Bliss products before and they were very good.  These do taste a bit salty but salt is a very important electrolyte and for me, the most important one.  But it's in balance with other electrolytes so whoever is feeling ill should probably get some relief if they can keep these down.  I use electrolytes every time I play tennis since I sweat so much and I need the salt to recover quickly.
What can you say about baby oil?  It's oily, smells nice and has aloe vera in it.  It's as good, if not better than other brands of baby oils I have used over the years.  I use baby oil mainly in the bath tub on those rare occasions that I have enough time, peace and quiet to take a long soak.  I will pour a medium stream of baby oil into the bathwater and I come out all nice and soft.  The price of these 4 large bottles is excellent - as of this review a pack of 4, 20 oz bottles only costs $8.92.
I like that these contain 10 billion CFU from 4 different strains, and only one capsule per day is required.  There are 14 capsules in a bottle so it will last just for two weeks, making these probiotics kind of pricey at a little over one dollar per capsule.  That said, they didn't upset my stomach at all and I generally feel better when taking probiotics.  They don't contain, gluten, dairy or soy.
I'm giving this 5 stars even though it's mainly petroleum jelly.  I had always used the traditional, white diaper rash creams on my kids when they were babies and it wasn't until I used it on myself after getting chafed from a long hike did I realize that those diaper rash creams stung. I hope my babies weren't stung by the name brand diaper creams that were used on them but I wish I had the Petite Planet Multipurpose to use on them instead.  It's clear and has a nice scent, and though I don't know for sure, I doubt it will sting much, if any when applied to irritated skin.  I have used it on my hands, elbows and face and it feels fine, but greasy like petroleum jelly.
Hubs swears by this stuff.  He used to always complain about his neck being stiff and sore and says it's been fine for a long time since taking Viva Glucosamine every day.  He even asked me to put it on regular re-fill order.  I take it when I can remember too and it seems to help my crackling knees.
Easy to assemble and decent construction. These boxes will be perfect for holding party favors or small beauty products for a beautiful unboxing experience. I used some of these for an event and others for giving out graduation gifts and they all looked great no matter the occasion.
If you want to give your house a deep clean, then sometimes harsh chemicals HAVE GOT to be used - especially for degreasing, stains, etc. and these protect your hands very well. They are easy to wash and reuse and provide ample coverage to protect your skin and nails.
I have been using this for grilling and salads and it tastes great. I am not too crazy about the plastic bottle though, so I used it to top off a glass bottle that I had previously used and will continue to add to that one. It has a very smooth taste and many, many uses!
I love the premise of this; vitamins to help you feel good during practice and contribute to keeping you fit and limber. This line has such a wonderful array of products and this is no exception. I've only been taking them for a few days but so far I like them a lot and recommend giving them a try.
This vanilla essential oil smells so good. It came in a 100 ml bottle, which will last a long time. The vanilla scent is just as it should be...vanilla and not perfume. I am very happy with this oil and plan on ordering from this company, again!!
I use 6 diffusers, throughout, our home, daily, and I spend a small fortune on Essential Oils. I have used the same company for years and I never thought I could be swayed to like oils from any other company until I tried the oils in Salty Essential Oils. I tried the Lemon in my hall bathroom because it was a smaller space and I wanted to see if I could smell the oil  It was fantastic!! I tried this same experiment with the Frankincense and Bergamot. Fabulous!! The scents last after the diffuser has run out. As I write this, I have been enjoying Orange in my living room. I love that each oil has an explanation of what it can be used for...example, sleep, headache, etc. What an unexpected pleasure this product has brought to me. I am so glad I ordered it!!
They are like a yummy healthy vegan treat! My fiance even likes them and he usually dislikes gummies.
Thank you for quick delivery nice producthopefully will last long
Little to no taste or texture. But had me up all night. I could not sleep until 6am. I tend to sleep about 2am. But I wanted to start sleeping sooner. I took it about 11pm. Just did not sleep at all. Maybe it will work good for you. Absolutely didn't work at all for me.
These are pretty sturdy. Can be washed and reused easily.  They dry quickly. They are too thin to be washed in a washing machine. I plan on using about a sheet a week to clean my kitchen counters. These are way better than using a towel or sanitizing wipes. As these are biodegradable and better for the earth.I ordered these in two colors, magenta and fuchsia. They are basically the same color. And the color dosen't bleed off the fabric.
I like cooking with wooden utensils because they won't damage my cookware or conduct heat, so this olive wood spatula is exactly what I'm looking for. The wood grain is beautiful, and it's carved from one piece of olive wood and feels so well-made that I doubt it will ever splinter or break. It feels good in the hand, has just the right amount of heft without being heavy, and the handle is long enough to make this useful to use in all of my pans.The shape of this spatula makes it very useful. The sides of the head are wide enough to scrape my favorite pans down when cooking and also have a slight curve which helps to fold batters or stir sauce.  The tip of the spatula has a slight taper to its front edge which is useful when turning fried foods. The leading edge of this spatula seems thin enough to turn French toast or get under the lip of an omelet to roll it, but probably not thin enough to turn pancakes with.I'm giving this 4 stars rather than 5 because some of the finishing details could be better. The leading edge of the spatula felt rough enough to catch a sponge when cleaning, so I gave it some additional sanding. Also, the top of the handle is sharply squared off and rough rather than being rounded and smooth. That makes it uncomfortable to hold, so I sanded that down until it was more rounded and smooth and now the handle feels fine.I own other kitchen utensils made of olive wood and know that if you take care of this spatula it can last for many years to come. Be sure to hand wash it only and apply some mineral oil every so often to keep it looking its best.Retail sample provided at a reduced price for evaluation and review purposes.
This is a very attractive hand carved beech wood spoon in natural oil finish. The shape and size of this spoon reminds me of the soup spoons at Asian restaurants, and it could be used for that. It has a notch carved into the back of the handle that would allow it to hook onto the bowl's rim so it couldn't slide down into the soup.  I'd need a few more of these to make a set of soup spoons though so I wasn't the only one with the pretty wooden spoon.This spoon is also just perfect for stirring sauces or puddings in the 2 quart sauce pan. The shape of the spoons deep bowl would allow it to reach deeply into the pot to scoop sauce or pudding up, swirl it to the side, and fully stir it all up. I could see me making Hollandaise sauce using this spoon, and once I was finished making it, I could use the spoon to ladle it over the poached eggs.  It would also be perfect as a serving spoon, showcased on the table or buffet to serve sauces or dip with. This beautiful little 8&#34; spoon is hand carved, so I felt every aspect of the spoon and didn't feel a single rough place. I'm very pleased with the quality and the appearance of this spoon. Be sure to hand wash it only and it should last a long time.Retail sample provided at a reduced price for evaluation and review purposes
Good product
Notice whitening after three days.  The powder shows the places that you miss when brushing.  Great idea!
I used one pair for bathroom, and I used another pair for bathroom
Got this to wear when must be outside my bubble. Hope it is working to keep virus at bay. Who knows !
I definitely need something else
Help with pain on the heels when you walk.  would recommend
Very good quality scale
Love this product very refreshing
Very sparkly.
They stretch and don’t come apart
It straightens hair beautifully and leaves great shine.  I only wish it worked on wet hair too.
Awesome product
Comfortable, easy to use, provides support
Stops working after about 30 seconds and I’ve tried charging it overnight, still won’t last
Small and convenient, this is the ideal travel shaver.  It shaves cleanly,  quick to recharge, and easy to clean.  Convenient for travel as well as home use.
I've been watching a lot of Kdramas lately and the characters often take these supplements in small pouches.  I was interested in trying this calcium jelly supplement.  The calcium supplement is expensive at around $2 per pouch but it is much tastier than the large calcium pills that I normally take.  The supplement is a mix of jelly and fruit leather texture and has a sweet pomegranate taste.  The supplement doesn't have sugar or water but it has a nice light burnt sugarcaramel and pomegranate taste.
Handy and elegant, this pill container is not the usual pillbox found in the drugstore.  It is small enough to slip into a bag & carry around and big enough to accommodate one’s medical needs.  It has 6 compartments.  It is also a pleasure to take out and handle.
These cleaning sheets don't come with instructions re: how much water to use. I used half a sheet and a bucket and gradually added as I needed.  The sheet dissolved easily and the detergent worked well.  I like that it is so easy to store and such a space saver, thus eco-friendly.  I wasn't sure if it would work as well as regular cleanser but it was effective and did not give off the toxic fumesscent.
I'm new to wood repair kits but our contractor suggested using this sort of kit to hide small cracks and scratches.  Depending on the depth of the scratch, I used the wax crayon first and then the marker to cover the color.  I used this on our older scratched furniture and on the wood accents on our window sills.  Not too difficult although it takes some time to get used to the materials.  It did help make scratches less visible, so the kit was worth it for us.
This toner feels light going on but it provides deep hydration.  I have combination sensitive skin and it doesn't leave me skin overly shiny. It doesn't cause any redness, irritation or sensitivity. It leaves my skin feeling soft and well hydrated.
I had to have a handyman help me put this in the trap underneath the kitchen sink. I did notice that the sink drained faster and with less issues after having used the tablet.  It was less convenient than using a powder version but it did work.
This essener works as a mix of toner and essence.  It comes beautifully packaged in a sturdy glass bottle.  I use about a quarter sized amount of essener and pat it on my skin until it is fully absorbed. The liquid hydrates without feeling greasy or sticky.  It gives the skin added nutrients and hydrates.
This face shield doesn't come with instructions. I ended up attaching the plastic cover to the outside of the glasses, closer to my face. I had some trouble fitting the plastic insert in the middle space of the glasses - the corners didn't fit right.  While the plastic is clear and it is easy enough to see using this face shield, it didn't feel as sturdy as some of the others that I've used in the past.  It should be okay for indoor use but with the wind, etc outside I would not use this particular face shield.The face shield is worn like glasses and is propped up on the nose.  It is reasonably comfortable for short periods but I wouldn't want to use it all day.
With the Covid 19 pandemic, flu season and cold weather, I've been looking for ways to bolster my health.  Zinc is supposed to be just one of the ways to help the immune system and these ImmunoSwift lozenges are an easy way for me to increase my Zinc intake. They dissolve quickly and have a minty taste. It is important to me that these are vegan and sugar free.  I've been taking them when my throat is itchy and I feel a bit under the weather.  I haven't had a sudden burst of health, but I am happy to continue taking them to keep myself at my current healthy level.
I am new to this brand Joon X Moon and find them very giftable.  The packaging is beautiful and their scrubs and bubble bath fizz formulas would cheer me or my friends up at the end of a long week.The Bubbling Bath Fizz has a lovely scent which permeates the bathroom for a while as well.  I tried both the Lavender and the Champagne scents and loved them. The instructions don't say how much to put, so I put 2 capfuls and this was enough to give gentle bubbles and a lovely scent.The lavender is strong but not medicinal and the champagne has a slightly fruitier almost lychee undertone.  Both are lovely and not overly sweet.  The bubbles are soft and plentiful and the scents are relaxing and make me feel like I am somewhere else.  The minerals in the bath also feel soothing.  Overall, it feels very pampering and helps to wash away a tough week.I love the way that these bottles look in the bathroom as well.  Another reviewer mentioned they'd prefer to have them in glass containers, but it feels safer not to have glass in the bathroom where it might slip or get knocked off.
I like this small dustpan and brush set and prefer to use it for our dining room table and my desk. It helps remove the different crumbs or eraser bits more effectively than using a brush or sponge or my hand.  It also is small enough to keep in a desk drawer and encourages me to tidy up.
Citrus Blast is a straightforward aromatherapy oil that is easy to use as a roll on.  It smells like a mix of orange and lemon. It goes on smoothly and without any oiliness or stickiness.  It doesn't cause any irritation or redness or sensitivity to my skin or from the scent.I like the refreshing scent - it helps me focus and I expect that I will use it when traveling to help fight nausea or motion sickness.
This leather cleaner works very well both for shoes and for leather bags.  I tried it on a small spot before using it on the full bag. It was easy to apply as I can control the amount of cleaner. It just requires even application and careful rubbing and it moistens and revitalizes leather.
We have been trying to eat a whole food, plant based diet.  Part of this effort means finding ways to consume more vegetables in regular food. We also try to "eat the rainbow", increasing the different types and colors of produce.While we use mostly fresh and frozen vegetables, this spinach powder is easy to add to sauces, soups, even baked goods. I have just started using it but it has a mild flavor that adds to tomato sauce. It is very convenient.
I've tried different electric toothbrushes over the years. It is particularly nice to have one that is so easily portable.  This works almost as well as my Sonicare brush, but the added convenience that comes with its size and being able to take it with me is much appreciated.The toothbrush pulses at 30 second intervals and shuts off in 2 minutes.  The toothbrush has 5 different modes and 3 strength options, so the brush adjusts to the strength and power that you need.
Slim, lightweight, pocket umbrella. It's size and weight make it easy to slip in a coat pocket or handbag. It is a regular umbrella, not particularly sturdy. When the wind gusts in New York City, the wind tunnels can be brutal and have ruinedinverted all but the sturdiest umbrellas. I still have to put this to the test, I suspect it will be similar to drugstore umbrellas.
These silk sleep masks are soft and stay on without being too tight. I only use a sleep mask when traveling, to help reduce light and to signal that I don't want to be disturbed.  I find these sleep masks to effectively block out the light.
I grew up using hot water bottles when I had stomach aches or back aches. It's been harder to find hot water bottles though. This bottle is the same as I'd used for years. It is easy to fill up and comes with an additional cover to prevent people from touching the bottle when it is too hot.  While many people don't use these hot water bottles, once you've used it when you're feeling poorly, you'll see how helpful and comforting they are.  I rely on them when I'm feeling poorly and waiting for medicine or my cure to kick in.
It has been a long time since I've worn heels on a regular basis.  I have recently been making more of an effort and have a new pair that are reasonably comfortable but take some getting used to.  I put in these soft pad inserts and it makes a huge difference.  It's important to have some space as the pads do take a little space but it is worth it.  They cover a good portion of the foot pad and move, adjust to your feet as you stand and walk. This really does make it easier to wear the heels for hours. I plan to get a set for my mother.
Regular strong ziplock bags but with the Dallas Cowboys sign on one side.  They're relatively expensive for what you get, but if you're a big NFL Dallas Cowboys fan, you might not mind paying extra.
I have a few of these towel wraps and find them very convenient.  I usually use them when I'm getting ready instead of wearing a robe.  They're reasonably absorbent, they stay in place, and are less bulky than a robe.  Laundering is easy and inexpensive and they provide decent coverage.
This brush cut 50% of time straightening my hair.  It has the ability to adjust the temperature and steam. I received this iron very fast which is always nice.
It's pretty good so far.  Unfortunately, due to the short handle, I can only use it on my neck. Can almost reach my lower back pain.It seems to have good power & for professional use by a barberhairdresser I'm sure it would be great. I just wish I had a significant other to use it on me.
Good product smells like curry
I'm not noticing a big difference. There was always a smell like sewer when my washing machine drained. This is slightly working.
These refills are great.  They are sharp and give a good clean shave.  I get them through subscribe and save so the price is great.
Great quality and inexpensive
Made a good purchase!
I thought I wrote a review already, but can’t find it... when I first received the foot file I was very excited. The pumice is very strong but fine and testing it on my hands left them very smooth. I used it on my feet in the shower afterwards and it worked great! It is a fine file so if you have tough skin it will take a few times going over it daily but by the fourth day my feet were just as soft as if I got a pedicure. Sadly today the file came off the handle while I was using it. I learned that it was being held on there by two one inch lines of glue, definitely not made to last unfortunately. I’ll still use the pumice stone but now the convenience of having a handle is gone.
I have very dry skin, and this cream works wonders. Lasts 24 hours on my body but due to washing my hands so much, I have to re-apply several times a day. Well worth the price.
Bought as gag gift for a family member. She loves them
I love this thing. I love that you don't have to change filters ever so often as well.  A lot of people mention the "noise." Have you ever slept in a room with a computer that was "Sleep?" That's what the sound reminds me of. Loud enough to know its there but quiet enough to tune out. So far its kept that nasty diaper pail smell at bay.
A lot of masks are too small for my big head so these are great with how they are adjustable. They work good if you wear glasses too in order to keep them from fogging up. Durable.
When my arthritis flares up or I have a headache, this is my go-to product. It does the job quickly and without any side effects.
My Daughter Loves This
This is a "feels" review and as such you should seriously question the results. My name is Paul, I've been diagnosed with vitamin D so low it wins limbo contests. I have been on various vitamin Ds for years, every time I get my blood tested it's low. Every doctor's like "oh, well take 5000 a day you'll get it back up in no time." and for the past 15 years or so I've been taking more than that daily. I just burn right through it.I also get severe insomnia if I take it later in the day... that's generally how I know it's working. As I have absolutely no method of testing whether this worked other than the feels, I took it later in the day than I normally would my globule D3 dose and discontinue that. I had severe insomnia for the two nights I tried it later in the day. My assumption is that means it's either D3 or speed.On the feels spectrum it feels at least like what I take for 5000iu. I don't know that my body can tell the difference between 5000 and 10,000 however.The pills are interesting. Not particularly bothersome. No nasty burps post pill.I would say these feel effective, smell fine, take easy. As I've been on D3 for over a decade and on these for 10 days it looks like and it's now gloomy and fall-like out, I'd say they're working. I'll update if I feel they're not but it feel about right.Man, I hate making "feels" reviews... anyone has a D3 testing blood kit around let me know.Only thing of negative note was there was a sticker over the ingredients when I received this. Not sure if that was the MFG or Amazon's warehouse but considering it covered ingredients, manufacturer, etc I peeled it off. Attached pic with and without sticker.Under the sticker is that it's formulated in the USA, but nothing to indicate that the formula is actually grown, combined, packaged in the USA. The KaraMD, Inc address corresponds to a commercial office space in Cleveland but there are no clear markings from street view.I checked out KaraMD on the BBB as I like to know who's producing things I'm about to ingest, seems like a fairly low rating generally involving sales tax issues, some supplements that didn't work, couple of complaints but resolved. BBB will always have low marks as a note, nobody thinks "let's go there and rate this random company highly!" All but one show a response, which is a good thing. Appears you'll get a response if it doesn't work. They've been around and are responding in, at least publicly a positive fashion.I should note I'm pretty sure 10+ days ago the description claimed it was 5,000iu in the description text, 10,000 in the header, and 10,000 on the product I ended up receiving. What I'm reviewing says 10,000 for one pill.
So here's what happened - purchased six of these at Costco, I fogged the yard with maybe two and a half, I went from tons of mosquitoes to none, no bites, nada. I had no issues for almost a week. I was singing this things praises.A week or so after this the mosquitoes are back, I break out another two cans and spray. They're back in about thirty minutes. We move inside.A week after this I open my car up, there're 12 or so that fly in and I spend a very disturbing ride to daycare being told by my 4yo they're on my 2yo and having to stop and kill some fairly large skeeters. My yard has now bred super skeeters.I get back home, there's a swarm. Wade out into the swarm armed with two cans of this and spray. My backyard smells like pledge, I didn't see one of them drop. I mean I was spraying this directly into a mass of flying mosquitoes and other than some course correction for getting soaked nothing.I got some of the non-natural cutter hose attachment spray and wiped out the hoard with two bottles. I will mention this to Costco next time I'm over there and see if I'm the only one.
I was in so much pain yesterday and was so happy to see this had arrived. It didn’t take much time to heat up in the microwave and lasted approximately 30 minutes after each heating. The straps were comfortable (I was worried they’d be itchy or bothersome when I ordered it) and were easily adjustable.  I highly recommend this product.
The item looks perfectly fine but it simply does not work. I don't know if it's the plastic pad... but this just will NOT curl my eyelashes whatsoever. No matter how hard I tried. Very disappointing. :(
Love my bags now i can tie up my garbage.
Excellent, arrive on time I got exactly what I was order.  Thanks.
Very easy to use and works very well.
Just Opened my delivery;I ordered the BLACK Dispenser as is displayed on the Amazon web page but, #BoxBeauty sent a Gray version instead!Further, once you fill it up with a fresh pack of the Mega Strips, they fit BUT, you have to virtually STRETCH the strips to get ONE out of the dispenser up to the perforation mark; this actually defeats the purpose of the Strip application.Not sure if I will keep or Return it.  #NoRecommendation
Great quality!
They were perfect. Great for party favors.
My husband’s not going to let me use this as it came very homemade looking and we’re worried it will hurt the countertops. If it were Etsy this is what I would expect but, not from Amazon. It’s a plastic spray bottle with a plastic syringe on it song with some solution in it and then a terrible towel that has like a big :-) emoji on it. The quality is terrible the syringe is scary looking it looks like someone put together their own creation at home let’s just say it’s very unofficial and professional looking and not worth trying on our granite countertops
I can’t sleep without eye pads every night.These are hands  down my favorite and now the only ones I will wear. They are adjustable and so comfortable.
The nippers I received were absolutely perfect. They're extremely sharp and incredibly precise. You definitely want to be careful and focused. What ever is in the path of the blades will be effortlessly removed. So make sure that you have enough light, no distractions, and make each cut deliberate. Or you might be hurrying to the bandage part of you first aid kit. Lol! I'm just saying. Anyway, these nippers are very nice and should last a long time. I would recommend them.
this stuff is the greatest 🙌
I love music. And as one of my favorite music professors always says, live music is always better than dead music.Just in the past year and a half, I've really started getting into the live concert scene. Let me rephrase that, I've started getting into the live rock concert scene. I've always been a frequent attendee of wind ensemble and orchestra concerts.I've also always have had a mild case of tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. This ringing is evidence of hearing damage, and it irreversible.Needless to say, going to rock concerts without hearing protection left me with a few nights of extra-ringing ears, and almost certainly hearing damage as well.More recently, I've actually been experiencing perforations of my ear drum and even just this year a full burst. Because of all of this, I decided to get my hands on a pair of ear plugs.The problem for me is that I can't just wear any old foam earplugs. I'm a bit of an audiophile, and those regular earplugs just make everything sound muffled, which for me defeats a lot of the purpose of going to a live show in the first place.That's where the downbeats come in. They are a special type of ear plug that lets most of the sound profile in, but cuts the volume to a safe level (they advertise 18dB noise reduction).Spoiler alert: they really do work as advertised. I wore them at a five hour metalcore concert this past weekend and I'm happy to report that I didn't have ringing ears after the show. I also was able to hear all of the frequencies, just quieter. I could still feel the music, and it wasn't *quiet* by any means, but it was not a damaging loudness.One thing to note is that unfortunately, these earplugs cut out conversation almost completely at a concert event. Conversations are hard at a concert event generally, because of all the noise, but these made it noticably harder to hear. I found myself removing one plug if I wanted to talk to my friends.Related to conversation, these earplugs tend to make you talk even quiter than normal. Because of how they sit in your ear canal, you end up hearing your voice pretty loud in your head, so you talk quiter to other people with them in. It's really a minor inconvenience, though, considering that these save your hearing. Again, you can just remove one when you feel the need to talk, and that solves the problem.The downbeats fit pretty comfortably, which is to say that I could wear them for the whole five hours of the show. To me, they feel like in-ear headphones. You definitely notice a pressure in the ear canal, but it's not terribly unpleasant. That means a lot from me, because I *despise* in ear headphones, because I find them incredibly uncomfortable.Luckily, even though these earplugs sit very similar in the ear to in-ear headphones, they stay in much better. One of my biggest fears in getting fancy earplugs was that they would fall out while I danced, jumped, headbanged, and otherwise moshed at the show. I am happy to report that these earplugs stayed in very well, and I never once had a problem with them slipping out or feeling loose. These are earplugs that I would recommend for metal, hardcore, rock, punk, etc shows.The downbeats also don't stick out from the ear very far, which is nice because you don't have to worry about catching a bump from the crowd and shoving the earplug too deep into the ear, damaging the ear drum (rock shows get intense). This also means that the downbeats are pretty inconspicuous, so you don't have to worry about everyone in the crowd knowing you're wearing earplugs.I didn't have any problems removing the downbeats from my ears after the show, although I have read reviews that said people did have some trouble with this. The included carrying case is also a really convenient storage system for when you take the plugs out, which is always a bonus. It's made of metal, and could definitely take a beating, although I didn't subject it to one.Overall, these are highly recommended by me. I liked everything about the product, and I look forward to taking them to more shows in the future. But even if you choose not to get this product, or if it doesn't work for you, wear earplugs to concerts, people.
I've known about the soothing benefits of aloe for some time, but always found aloe gels to be a little goopy.  This combination was a pleasant surprise.  When you add menthol and lidocaine to the mix, it takes the soothing relief to a whole new level.  The menthol is so cooling and soothing.  I use this when my skin gets itchy and it is very calming.
How wonderful to get 12 large jars of moisturizing petroleum jelly!  This stuff works great to keep my very dry skin in check.  With this volume, I can slather it on after a bath and let it do its magic.  It is petroleum jelly, though -- greasy stuff -- so you have to be careful until it soaks in, because it will leave grease stains on clothing.This works great.  I did find the slightly sweet, slightly perfumey, slightly medicinal scent to be a little cloying as the day progressed.  I used a LOT of this ALL OVER my body -- I suspect if you didn't use so much, the scent would be barely detectable.  Anyway it works great, the price is right, and the scent is very subtle but not particularly pleasant after a while.
Wonderful blocking mats. Thicker than usual and very sturdy.  Should last me many years.  I'm very satisfied.  They got here super fast too!
they work  its worth the money.  Very gentle  nice experience when compared to abrasive coated files
Unfortunately, I was not thorough enough in my research and discovered after purchasing it that it causes you not to be able to absorb thiamine as efficiently.  I already take a thiamine supplement, so I discontinued using this.
This is the best bum cleaner ever!I’m a big girl and gained a bit more weight during the pandemic and started having issues reaching to clean my bum in the shower. It wasn’t pretty, let me yell you.I did some searching and comparing and settled on the butt scrubber.I handle is long, the yellow head is made of some type of silicone and very sturdy.I got in the shower and soaped it up and got to work and trust me, this device gets in there and cleans everything. My cheeks are tight so wrapping a towel around the head is out of the question. My bum is much cleaner these daysWhen I’m finished I soap it up, rinse and place it upside down in a container solution of white vinegar and water and let it soak for a while.Trust me, your bum will thank you for it.
Works very well for our needs
Yes there pills
These hold all my vitamins and are superb for traveling or at home.  I like that I don't have to worry about the top popping open while traveling.  No need for a zip lock bag or rubber band around the tops.
My daughter got this piggy when she was born and still has it but she wanted another given it’s been over 20 years!  The pig is the exact one she had since birth.
Nice finishing touch for small boxes
I used them for LED light therapy. I wish they blocked more light out. They stick to your eyes so be careful! I pushed them down to block out more light and getting them to unstick to my eyelids wasn’t fun. Probably better for tanning?
I have no idea why this stuff works -- but it does. So much better than Ben Gay and a pleasant scent to it.
I really love my equipment,  it really helpfull for pain. It relief pain fast.I love it!
This was perfect for my big first aid kit.The Velcro compartmentalization is perfect for modularizing my different ABC first aid options.
This is the best Fish Oil you can get and I love it!
I have always brushed my dogs teeth so I have used a few different types of toothbrushes. This is by far my favorite at first I thought it was a little loose on my finger but it ends up working nicely and I don’t have to hold it on as I use it. my favorite thing about it though is it is very very soft. I think it is firm enough to brush the teeth, but it is very comfortable for my dog, so he doesn’t mind it at all, especially when reaching way back to those back teeth, the fact of these came with a case was a bonus, and I wasn’t even expecting that, but it was perfect because we were ready to travel and this kept his brush clean and protected. A friend of mine has already ordered a set after seeing ours.Just make sure you use a toothpaste especially formulated for a dog.
I take hot yoga and need a good mat cleaner that doesn’t irritate my skin or make a room full of people escape from the smell. This is it :) Moderate and mild aroma, cleans well enough for general surface cleaning needs, and the towel is washable with a decent wash-cloth size to it.
I use two bags to get theGood flavor. Will continue to drink this tea. Works in the infuser as well.
Not what I was hoping for. If information on Ormus is correct then an electromagnetically sealed container is needed, but not included. It is hard to tell if there is anything other than water in this mix, but when I looked at it under a microscope I did see little bits of yellow that I assume were the gold content. If that is correct then the gold has re-crystalized into a metal and would not have the same effect as intended. Wish I had spent my money on vitamins or something that would have a definite effect.
I've used it for the last week. It doesn't work. I see a light. I hear a fan, but the cat box smell is still there. The box is in a very small room. I keep the door shut just to make sure, and I clean the box every day. The smell has not changed.
perfect for desert on those romantic dinners
Work really well but wondering how long they will last.
worth the money!  Get it!  so much more comfortable than cottonfleecememory foam cushions!  wow!
i HAVE USED THIS BRAND AND LIKED IT FOR A LONG TIME.  THIS PURCHASE IS BECAUSE i CAN NOT GET THE LARGE QUANITY REFILLS A LOCAL STORES.
She loves it!
Multiple trays are so helpful!
Much better than straight stevia. I used to like Truvia but then read that they used GM ingredients. I was lost until I found this Trim Healthy Mama blend. This certainly will make a difference and wean me off honey as my preferred sweetener.
Surgilube Jelly is by far the top of the line as far as I'm concerned. I've tried others, but none compare.
This thing  broke. Its cheaply made
Went to the dentist for a fitted plastic retainer for $150 and use this at night. Amazing whitening with zero gum or tooth pain. (crest white strips hurt my gums)
I tried some vitamin B combination vitamins that you swallow.  They smelled bad and tasted bad, and left my stomach feeling queasy.  This was not an issue with these.
The Fitbit Aria has all the bells and whistles of a modern scale but it does its basic job of, correct and consistent weight readings, poorly. If you stand on the scale thrice in row, rest assured, you will have a different weight and body fat reading each time. Who cares that those readings then sync up over wifi with your account.
This is the 2nd time we have purchased these.  They bring much comfort to my wife's feet and enable her to comfortably wear shoes she could not otherwise wear.  They wear a long time.  Worth every penny.
These are stabby
Great heating pad, very comfortable.  Not as large as it looks in the picture.  However, it stopped working after only 6 months.  Obviously outside the return window.
Good simple designGood price
No notable scent though.  Kinda hard to get the saran-wrapped pieces off.  Does what it's suppose to do.
They look nice but they are hard to put on and they don’t stay up. Too tight for me. I prefer the 10-20 mmHg.
I have the month disposable contacts but I am meticulous about cleaning them.  I feel by using this at least once a week along with regular multipurpose solutions in my storage case I can at the very least double the time I wear my lens before disposal.  There is no material difference between regular lenses and those that are disposable, it's just the kind of care you give them.
I ordered these because they were clear not knowing they had no screw on caps.  The lid is the cap and has a rubber seal so they do not leak.  It's just so nice not having 3 pieces floating around while they are drying in my bathroom.
I like this cover for the Tandem t slim 2 pump. It's a lot less slippery than the pump alone. Has a good opening for the face of the pump. Doesn’t cover up a bunch of the front like some covers do. Very easy to use your pump with it in. The only issue is  I wish it had an opening so that I didn’t have to take it off to change the cartridge.
Nice try but fail. Did not work at all. The worst of it is that they actually sent me a text to ask me what I thought of the product.Waste of $20 and still have 3 tabs left
This never seemed to charge well via usb and when it did, it lasted a week before needing to charge again and now it does not charge or work at all and we have only had it for 2 months. Very disappointed.
Easy to get on and off and easily stored in auto or carry bag.
Oh please...what a waste of money. If it really worked no one would buy a second months supply. A lot of people are making big bucks selling to desparate people.
Bit big and bulky for smaller people but is sturdy and cushioned.
This gadget is awesome.  Minimal effort to get smooth feet.  Love it.
These are great glasses especially for the price. Clear at the top of the lens and a designated area for reading enlargement. They are also very stylish.
Best value for money product.
It tastes good and gave me more energy. I liked it and will keep using it. Learned of it from a book that was sent to us.
Happy to have gotten it! Had the numbers I was looking for in Beta-Ecdysterone in the product serving
We just moved to the country. While mowing my arms got bit up terrible.  I always liked sss so I thought I would give it a try. It really works, not one bite.  Plus its a sunscreen, also moisturizes and it doesnt smell too bad.
These are easy to chew and taste good. Prominent flavor is banana.
Unfortunately, the other reviews show what is wrong with the Amazon rating system. I knew some were a little too positive, but a few seemed pragmatic. In short, I would not buy this again. For the money, it doesn't deliver and it does not do what I wanted. To begin, I live in America. It only displays temperature in Celsius. Not a big deal, but not optimal. I filled it with room temperature tap water and turned on the heater (with the lid on) to get it to its max temperature of 48 celsius (about 118 F).  It heated for some time and got the water to 32 and then shut itself off. I turned it back on to keep heating. I finally got tired of waiting and got started. It finally got to 44-45 degrees after the better part of an hour. That ended up being hot enough for me. The bubbler is pretty minimal, but it does work and does move the water around. Nothing like in your spajacuzzi. The round massagers really pushed my feel around, so I added a few bath salts for lubrication. That worked better, but it still takes some effort to keep your feet on those massagers. The next problem is that the two rollers that are perpendicular to your foot are too low to reachmassage your arch. Unless you have flat feet, these do not work. They are either level with or slightly below the round heelball massagers. It is physically impossible to massage normal arches with those. On to the pumice wheel. I have calluses on my heels and between a few toes. I have dead skin on my arches and balls of my feet. The placement of the pumice wheel makes it impossible to smooth the lower outside of your heel. I have a 9.543 mans foot, so pretty average. Likewise since there is only one pumice wheel, in the center of the device, about the only part of your foot that can reach it is your arches. I went back and forth, round and round for more than 10 minutes on each foot, I could not see that it removed any dead skin. I worked my heel calluses as best I could (think Houdini) but could not tell it did anything. Everything did function and despite being very light, the motors had enough torque to keep things spinning even with a little pressure. I didn't get out my microscope to see if the red light made a difference, but it did come on. Bottom line, for me, it was not that soothing and you couldn't just relax and let your feet soak because the round massagers push your feet off. I will use hot water next time rather than let it heat and that is OK. What I don't like is that I didn't use the timer and it shut itself off twice while I was using it. I am not returning it but doubt it is much better than the $30-40 devices. I could achieve the same thing with a bucket of warm water and my shiatsu massager on the bottom of the bucket. I am going to keep using it, so if it changes over time, I will update the review.
Works good but there's cheaper products that do the same.
This is useless.  You have to place your entire mouth over the opening and then exhale.  I don't see how you could use this while driving or anythingelse
I used this and left the clothes in the dryer for a week-they didn't look too bad when they came out
I used this to line a section of my shoe (upper) as it was too large for me.  I have a narrow foot, and sometimes need to fill some space.  The moleskin is wonderful, since it can be cut to exact size, is very soft (you almost don't feel it), and it is adhesive so stays perfectly in place.
This medicine was recommended by our doctor, and it was offered at a good price here.
This moisturizer was suggested to my by my podiatrist. This non-prescription product replaces a previous prescription given by him for extremely dry skin on my feet. I works very well, and is easier to use than the prescription since it is thicker and creamier, less likely to drip during use,
I have been using this Clear Care product to clean and disinfect my contacts for years.  It was recommended to me by my eye doctor when I was diagnosed with an eye infection. I have not had an infection in the many years I have been using it. I gave it 4 stars because the double pack only comes with one of the required cases. I think there should be a case for each bottle included.
Shiny black jasper with Archangel sigils for Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and Uriel as in pictured and described. I wanted these to use for my healing work and they are exactly what I wanted.
It came opened all over the place when I opened it.
Love it and does a great job but the battery's need replaced ever 2 weeks.
Was so excited to receive my Eyelash Curler in roségold and that the gribs fo not have holes like a scissor. Also size looked more comfortable than the larger curlers....BUT so very disappointed. Product came in cheap plastic box that was part bend. When I eagerly unpacked my product I quickly realized that the high looking quality picture does not equal reality. The material looks poorhas spots like dents on supposed high polished roségold look. BUT far more important is that the actual curling area is completely crooked, lopsided. As a customer I don’t want to have to “fix” my product to be able to use it on my eyes and be satisfied with dented plastic looking like material. So very disappointed! In addition, this curler was $ 8,- +- and not the cheaper curler that one can buy in a local Supercenter in person for $ 2.76 and is of much higher quality and can actually be used properly. Again very disappointing, frustrating, and waste of time and money. Please see my pics
A good assortment of tags at a very fair price. The tags are designed differently from what I'm used to--I am used to a page of stickers, but these are thick paper (cardstock-ish?) with a foil square that pops off, and they just stick to the gift with a small adhesive square instead of the full back being sticky like a sticker tag. That caused they to be a little more likely to come off in my transport of gifts, but not anything earth-shattering. The artwork is pretty though, festive and works well with Christmas paper. I was satisfied with my purchase.
I really like this eyelash curler... of course I wouldn't suggest using any eyelash curler after you have started applying mascara - I use this first and my eyes look more open and mascara added makes my eyes pop!
I love to ease of using. It’s compact so it is easy to take with. Love the choices of sounds. The adjusting light is great. I have the light slowly come on when I set the alarm to come on.
Love 💘 this product.
I like the taste. I wish was little bigger.
Has helped my husbands stomach
My cousin told me about this, since my wife is taking miralax via Dr’s orders, to help her! She started these about 2 weeks ago, dropped the miralax, and the results are great!! Seems to be all natural! She had to cut it down to half, because it was working too well! So far she is very happy with it, other than the taste! If you like figs and dates, it’s a bit like that taste, maybe little more sour, and it sticks to your teeth! She takes it at supper and has fruit or dessert after ti cover the taste! I’ve tried it and do not really mind the taste, other that it definitely sticks to your teeth! If you’re having “going to the bathroom issues”, it’s definitely worth a try!
Best price on the web for this product.  Perfect sweetness with absolutely no bitter taste.  Was introduced to this product when I lived in the UK.  Could not be without it for my morning coffee etc. Since it comes from the UK it does take a little longer for shipping but that is a minor drawback.
Foot Relief is the best I have ever found for dry, cracked heels. Soothing and healing for my sore feet makes walking 4-5 miles a day so much more pleasant.
This is a great toy!  We've been very impressed with it.  It is roughly the same size as the average guy, so no need to work your way up to it.  Material is very soft and realistic...Looks just right, too.  My wife said "It looks just like yours," so I guess that's a good thing.  HahaSuction cup works fine on a tiled shower wall as well.  Since there are no batteries or anything to worry about, cleaning is really easy.Comes in a plain brown box.  No surprises on the doorstep.  Overall, a great experience.
My mom recommended we pick one of these up.  Comes with two brush heads, so one for me and one for my wife.  I don't care that she picked the pink one.  Haha.We've been using this for a couple of days now.  Definitely a different experience than a regular tooth brush.  My teeth actually feel clean.  After a few hours, my breath still smells fine, too.  My wife says "It feels like I went to the dentist."  I got a plain old electric toothbrush about a year ago and this one is just completely a different brushing experience.I've been using the "White" setting at the highest intensity, and my wife is using "Soft" on medium intensity.  Maybe I'll use the "Polish" setting after my teeth get a little whiter!  I'm really impressed with this.
I was skeptical because I don't like to buy things made of synthetic materials, but I got a Purple Royal and I'm trying it out.  Here's what I like about it so far:  I sit on a futon sofa much of the day with my laptop, and the sofa is depressed where I've been sitting, so I'm sinking into the futon.  The Purple Royal is 2 inches thick and lifts me up, and out of the sinkhole, distributing weight well across the futon mattress.  It feels cool to the backside, and allows plenty of spread instead of being flattened and squinched.  I'm using it with the black cover, but I'm going to put a pillowcase over it to match the cover on the futon mattress.  Another thing I like is that I can tuck it right at the back of the sofa and it does not come all the way out to the front of the sofa; there's about 4-5" space between it and the edge of the sofa, which allows room for my legs to rest on the edge of the sofa instead of raising them up and cutting off blood flow.  I thought about getting the 2.25" one ("double") but that one has a "soft side" and I can't see any need for anything softer.  This one feels plenty soft and roomy.  I think the "simply purple" one (1.5") wouldn't cushion enough.  I will update if I notice anything different.
Good solution.  The only problem is taking it off.  Drips when removing.
works great just as the same as new and price is good
Does the job. Clean and then throw away. Perfect.
As advertised
As others have mentioned, you cannot use pressure or the device turns off, but you really do not need pressure.  It does remove coffeetea stains nicely.  The only dropped star is due to the inability to get the inside of the bottom front teeth.  The head is just too big to fit in the mouth for that.
doesn't stick to shoe.
This is a very small unit.  Do not expect this to work as a home humidifier for anything but a small to medium size room.  I bought it for my 90+ year old Dad's bedroom for the diffuser.  He still has a very difficult time sleeping alone since his wife of 65 years died last year so we thought adding lavender or other soothing essential oils might help.  Do not know if it is coincidence, but it seems to!  We have not had any difficulty with the settings, but we only use it on &#34;run&#34; and not for shorter periods of time - and only on &#34;low mist&#34;.  A side benefit has been keeping a good level of humidity in his room, so we will probably have to find another way to do the aromatherapy in the summer as his home does not have AC.
Awful. One was completely broken and the other was scratched up on the handle.
I cannot tell if it’s picking up anything. Dirt is still there after spraying and wiping... it smells great though.
It is a little hard to explain the feeling after using this. It suppressed coughing for momentarily. I didn't use it long enough to say it provided long-lasting results. My package came disheveled. The salt package was open, and salt was everywhere. There was a tiny crack on the bottom of the inhaler. Watch out for that! I contacted Amazon, and they refunded my money right away.
This works exactly as expected. Nice and soft. Easy to adjust to the size needed
Larger than expected but it will be used.
No product can work perfectly for everyone, but this has been great for me. I have always carried my tension in my neck and shoulders and then I hurt my neck about three years ago. Snce then, I've woken up with a crick in my neck that won't go away for a week or two about once every 4 to 6 weeks, sometimes more often. Sometimes it even happens if I just move the wrong way  throughout the day.I began to use this device about a week ago and it loosened my neck right up in about two days. I'm trying to get in the habit of using it almost every night for 10 to 15 minutes before I go to sleep, and my neck feels freer, more relaxed, and more mobile than it has felt in a few years.
Great deal for the price
This thing is life. hits all my spots.... Unlike most men and their girlfriends... Man I'm snarky AF
This tastes great!  I love this right out of the jar.  If you use it sensibly, it won't spike your blood sugar.
This file may be cheap but it is a total waste of money.
Works as expected
My old handle had started sticking with the button ... easy to replace and now it works as it should.
I usually prefer American products, but bamboo is just better, we should grow it here. It's renewable and long lasting as a toothpick and other wood products. I have a bamboo toilet seat too !
One word: Hot! But it does subside. If you ever had a yoni steam it’s kinda like that. After the initial burn it’s really refreshing.
Scam is scam
These are the s#*t. I have used several butt wipes over the years, these are the best. They don't have any perfume crap scent. They are thick enough so you don't accidentally give yourself a digital. Strong enough for a heafty man butt.
I liked them in the beginning but after  wearing them for a few weeks, the toe loop started to stretch out and they start shifting under your foot and this happens with socks on I can't truly recommend these pads since they shift around too much in the sock
I have oily skin and it's so hard to wear makeup because it smudges and looks greasy after an hour or two. I've noticed a drastic difference with this! It keeps my oily skin matted for hours! You also don't have to use much at all and the bottle is bigger than I expected so it should last a long time.
Not what I wanted... had great reviews so I ordered but the "pink" necklaces are purple. Definitely not pink at all. It will still work for my gender reveal but I do not recommend these if you're looking for PINK AND BLUE beads like it says in the description 🙄
Very quick delivery. Flavor is really good.
Price is a little high
I really liked this whole set. I was out of helium, so that was no fun. I was only able to use a few of the balloons. I couldn’t get enough helium in the confetti filled balloons to get it to float! It sank, so it was just sitting on the table. All in all, the banner itself was totally worth it. It was easy to thread the letters on to the string with the “needle” tool.
Great pads and they wash up nice... Only issue is that since the cleaning agents are in the disposable pads from irobot you get just plain water unless you spray your floors with cleaner.. I used the wet mop pads to get the sticky dirty stuff and then used a disposable to get the floors clean by running the mop again.
Wonderful product! I ordered this last week and received within 1-2 working days. I actually got much more than I expecting from this casual Microfiber shower wrap. The comfortable stuff, quality fabric, smooth touch, great water absorbent, and relaxing feel is what I need for a cool shower after a hectic day in office.
great  Glycerin. nice quality and did the job
Great bottles perfect for making recipes to use for the whole family. The dark color helps to ensure those oils sensitive to direct light are protected. Roller heads snap in and work great!
I purchased HCL because it’s supposed to be a lot gentler on your stomach. However this is not at all gentle on the stomach. I’m 7 days in with it and it still gives me cramps and the runs. Hopefully it will get better in the next few days. I have seen quicker recovery and less soreness from workouts though, especially legs.
I was looking for small bandages and could only find them in boxes of assorted sizes - the other sizes I did not need.  These small bandages work great.  They cover small cuts, wounds, etc.  They are easy to apply and adhere well.  They also can be removed easily.  I had no reason to contact the seller since the package came within a couple of days.  No problems with the shipment.  I will reorder as I need them.
I had been in the air traffic control business for a number of years and discovered this early on.  Great taste and no bad effects.  So if you need a little pick me up, no bad effects and a great taste then this is what you want to try.  I am now in my mid seventies and it still has a great taste and just enough pick me up to keep me hopping when I need it.
I was surprised at the size of this map. It durable yes but oh so small.Not sure if it tell a measurement in the description? I would not have bought if I saw how small it was…… not worth the money!!
what I like about this gauze is that is is soft, stretchy and goes on without much fuss unlike standard gauze which is not soft, not stretchy and falls off while you are trying to wrap it and you cuss a lot as your wounds weep or worse bleed and you have to start all over again and then you just sit in a pile of crappy gauze crying in frustration.But not this gauze.Also, very nicely priced.
Use these in home security system Seem to be just as good as Duracell
I have been using this product for years. Ordering the two pack avoids you getting the "new flavor" that tastes horrid
It is the exact same piece that came with my C-pap which broke. Was very unhappy with the $65 price point yet didn't have any lessor priced options.
The mask is soft but there was some color transfer onto my pillows.  I can't explain why this happened.  Also, the plastic adjustment clasp on the elastic band can gouge the side of my head.  There must be better sleep mask options out there...
They could be a little thicker so they hold the loop better
A little more firm than I expected,but my mom find comfortable.
Ease of use, use it to weigh horse feed etc.
Use these for all my lettuce. I have noticed that the lettuce stays much fresher for longer, and the bags can be easily washed to be reused.
Bought for a Christmas gift very well received and shipped and fashionable manner  Now after 6 months of lite use they are wore out, the glass In the middle of files has worn off,  evidently cheap!!
I got these, they were a great deal, but I feel like they stink until you get used to them. They are somewhat soft, but not like I’d expect from tissue with lotion.
Took over 2 months to receive.  the rolls are smaller than a regular roll of toilet paper.  a roll would fit in the palm of your hand.
UPDATE:Item did not make the 2 month anniversary.  For this reason I have updated the rating.This Water pik for teeth is what I wanted.  With 3 speeds it meets my every expectation.  My gums are benefiting from the pulsating action.  It keeps the extraction area clean (low setting), where the brush seems to miss.
It arrived fast and I must say not going only the pair are easy to use they are beautiful. Great price too.
Works perfectly, on batteries.
I like this item because I can carry one packet or all of them.  The only difficulty can be opening the packet.  If your hands are stiff, I would not buy this item because the handles you use to open the packet are small.
I have alot of black... Hate those little fuzz balls, and an a animal that sheds constantly I do love my dog lol,  I have used lint rollers also the little gagets that are battery operated takes forever and really doesnt do the trickThis is great for heavy material like hoodies, sweatshirts and leggings.  I wouldn't recommend on material that snags. Best lint and little fuzz removal. BUT THE TRICK for me hold the material taunt!!!
Bought one of these for my grandson....then repurchased a few weeks later for my daughter.  They both love it....batteries last a long time....nice visual effects....color changes and sound machine.
Nice, light  emulsifier for essential oils.
You must constantly reapply
These are the very best! Love the packaging too. BUT, way too overpriced on Amazon. These are Whole Foods' brand and cost a 3rd in store of what is priced here!
Used for when we go shooting practice. Good price for its use.
Easy to use. Not bad flavor at all. The easier it is to use. The more I can take it. I have reordered. I can't really tell if it works. I just keep taking a variety of joint relieve products to maintain flexibility without the pain of arthritis. Hopefully this and all products for arthritis relief work.
Works great!  Lots of tools.
These cod livers are sooo good.  I couldn't wait try them and they didn't disappoint.Next to lobster tails, I've never tasted anything so GOOD in my life!EDIT: 12282019I'm taking OFF 2 stars for the SMASHED UP CANS YOU KEEP SENDING ME!
I really like these flashlight because its quit bright, heavy, and good design.  I purchased eight and keep every room for emergency.  Also I usekeep rechargeable buttery for these so I can change and recharge them whenever I need it.
I started taking this supplement about 2 weeks ago.  I have Rheumatoid Arthritis, as well as Osteoarthritis in both knees.  Recently, I have developed tendonitis in both shoulders, so I thought I'd try this.It gave me the absolute WORST HEARTBURN ever!  I try to stay away from heartburn medications, but Pepcid is my &#34;go to&#34; for occasional hb relief, but even this would not relieve it!I will not buy again, nor would I recommend it to anyone.
Great pair of scissors for any nursing bag! They're lightweight, but not flimsy.  I love the color, and they're easy to identify if a coworker picks them up and doesn't return them to me.  The blade cuts through everything I need it to with ease , and doesn't seem to dull down quickly.  Highly recommend!
These worked very good. We were having issues with safety glasses fogging up while wearing our covid masks. These lasted a long time and worked great.
Read the reviews and thought I'd give this a try... first flavor I tried: Pina Colada - smelled great but after the first taste I had to throw it away. It left a terrible after taste. Thankfully, the variety pack had two more flavors. Yup, they ALL have WEIRD metallic after tastes. Terrible. Would NOT recommend.
What a waste of money.
Checked out on the tester as fully charged.
Love it! Really works!
This Cavalier matches the one I have in real life❤️  Holds my glasses so I can find them easily. It’s a good weight too. It really is a cute art piece!
Small package fits easily in carry on.  A travel necessity
Original Post:  On time and as described.Original post is true enough but will add that they are very roughly textured.  Thought they would soften somewhat with use, but they don't.  Not buying again.
Fine and easy to use.
Good product.
Works okay but not as good as other stain treaters.
I purchased this in pink, and the dusty rose color is misleading.  It is a hot pink.However, that’s my only real complaint.  I have adhesive sensitivities and haveyet to encounter a k tape I can wear for more than 24 hours.  So there is that limitation, but not an unexpected one.  I use this on things like wrist strains and also to secure magnets to painful areas for magnet therapy.  The peel off grid on the back of the tape makes it easier to estimate the amount needed for a task, especially if you have taped the same area before.For the newly initiated, a general rule of thumb in taping a small area to secure it is to have one length of tape stretched 75% and the matching strap cut longer and unstretched (like for a wrist).  Medium size areas like knees may require one unstretched and two stretched 50%—that sort of thing.  Never stretch both pairs 100%.  That may feel super supportive until it makes your skin peel (a lesson learned from my previous roll of k tape).  Try to go to a PT or chiro for instructions :).
I love camu camu for an extra Vitamin C boost.  I sprinkle it very lightly into shakes, as such potent vitamin C has laxative powers.  So start small.  Yay for organic!
I find this cleaning product uncommonly exciting.  For a little background, I used to use unscented dusting cloths produced by a major company and designed to trap allergens as you dusted. That product was discontinued, and I've been rationing out my remaining supply and using each one until it is positively charcoal with dust. Search after search left me dismayed at being unable to find a disposable alternative. (I am all about reusable products, but with my allergies, I need something disposable for dusting.)A month ago I tried the smaller size xcel cloth and was delighted that it did all my prior cloths did and MORE.  I was especially impressed that it could grab damp grime and absorb fairly large quantities of powdered material such as a nutritional supplement I had spilled or laundry powder when cleaning off my laundry shelf.  It also does a job like no other on the sticky grid of my HVAC return.  I was especially surprised by the performance because of how very thin and porous these are--dotted with holes.  After an initial wipe of surfaces using one side, I just keep folding and folding it until every corner looks sootybrownwhatever the color of the dust or substance I'm picking up is.  Due to how thin and porous they are, I thought it would be a good idea to pick some up in the larger size as well for times when I want to do a lot of dusting all at once.  I like having both options depending on the cleaning job, as they pick up so much more than you expect that you'll definitely be using each cloth to the max and then throwing it out.  I saw someone else say that these are like paper towels but better, and I have to disagree.  They are in a whole 'nother class, and if you just swipe a mess on a counter with one side and throw it away you are missing their strengths.  If you are wasting these for a quick wipe and not walking around your houseapartment looking for things to clean with every little corner, you are wasting them.  One cloth can do so much!Additionally, they are wonderful wet--both gentle and highly effective. As a case in point, I used to use a facial serum that contained seabuckthorn berry. Anyone who has used that knows that it is colorful and stains badly. Some of the drips from the bottle had run down the outside of the medicine cabinet and the wall. And I could never get them off without concerns about ruining the paint. However using one of these cloths damp was highly effective and gentle.I am over the moon! I received this product at a small discount in exchange for providing my unbiased review.
This is a huge spatula.  I like that it is almost straight (indeed I was hoping it would be completely straight up and down) unlike a turner.  (Note the picture where I compare this wood spatula to my pink silicone and SS turner that is much more angular.)  I wanted to have something with a firm base but a straighter design because a friend showed me that her straight up and down wooden spatula puts a lot less stress on the wrists when breaking up big batches of ground beef and shifting them around.  I tried to purchase a silicone head straight up and down spatula from Le Creuset, but for my intended use it was a waste of money--not firm enough and with too narrow of a head.  I am really looking forward to using this instead.  I do wish that instructions for the proper care of the wood (apart from not putting in the dishwasher) were included, as I am unused to wooden implements.  Also, there are a couple of slight indentations in the wood on the very bottom edge of the spatula; this may be customary in natural wood products, but I simply don't know If it is.  But other than that, I am pleased.Potential customers may be interested to note that this is large, definitely larger than most turnersspatulas I have previously encountered, that the bottom is almost but not quite flatstraight across, and that the corners of the bottom curve in ever so slightly in addition to the slight angle of the mostly-straight-on head.  It can be hard to tell details from pictures.  I received this item at a discount in exchange for leaving an unbiased review, and I count myself lucky, as I had basically been looking for precisely this item.
Since I noticed so many people leaving five-star reviews for a discount *before even receiving the items,* I thought it would be good to be particularly thorough with my review. I've purchased several sets of glass roll on bottles from Amazon.  One of the first things to look for in the colored bottles is that the color is from the glass and not paint which may get eaten away by essential oils.  And on that front these are winners.Other than that, the key thing I focus on are the roller ball mechanisms.  I've had some really bad experiences with the roller ball mechanisms from roll on bottles purchased on Amazon. Often some of the rollers are rather loose, and then within a period of use (sometimes upon the first use!) the ball falls out.  The roll on is then useless, as the plastic is too stretched out to receive the ball back.  There is a popular aromatherapy group that regularly recommends a cheap roll on bottle brand on amazon, and I can only imagine the aromatherapist in charge is getting a cut, as those particular roll ons have many duds.Anyhow, as someone who sometimes sells roll on products on Etsy, I was curious as to how these bottles would compare to past duds.  Although 6 tops is not much to go on (sometimes it is only 1 out of 8 that is defective in a batch and sometimes more like 1 in 4, but either way, that matters a lot when you are gifting or selling roll on blends), all of these tops have roll on mechanisms that are not loose.  So as far as I can tell, should that experience remain consistent across the batches, these are the best roll ons I have come across on Amazon.Now for the less good part: Companies like Plant Therapy (for small quantities) and SKS bottles (for those who buy mass quantities) have roll on mechanisms that are more substantive--where the part that holds the ball comes up a bit higher and curves around the ball slightly.  I find those to be the most reliable, even lasting through multiple refillings.  With holders that are not as high on the ball, often times even roller balls that seem to have a tight fit in the socket quickly come loose. Only time will tell how the Pure Acres Farm roll ons fare, but the design is not as good as those companies.I received these bottles at a discount in exchange for my review.  Unlike other companies I have reviewed for, the way this company worded their offer made it *sound like* the discount could be received in exchange for a five star review; I noticed that many people reviewed the bottles with five stars *even before receiving them* on this basis, and that disturbed me.  That is not how reviewing for discount usually works.  I feel that people looking to buy these bottles need to realize that the review numbers are greatly inflated.I always provide unbiased reviews, regardless of the reviewing discount, but in my opinion, unbiased reviews should have been specifically solicited, as is common among companies soliciting reviews.  Also, I had to use a relative's account because they did not specify that you needed Prime to receive your discount until after your application to review had been approved.  This also has not been my experience with other companies that I review.  So those are a couple of tips for the company if less so for those interested in the bottles themselves.
These are very cute and were sent very quickly. Yes, they do have big tags that can be removed in a few minutes from the whole set - get over it.  Yes, mine were patterned in the horizontal instead of the vertical - not an issue for me in a hair scrunchie.  Oh and they fit my average-sized woman wrist easily.  I get compliments whenever I wear one, and am doing the good fair-trade thing.
Only got one that was right.
I found out about these  adhesive pads by accident from the creator, "Chris", and he explained to me about how he went to China and worked with the manufacturer of that special "KT" tape, to make these pads. Well I've been using the  sensor cover pads for a week now and I'm very impressed Chris. I guess you forgot about the other items, but that's okay the sensor cover are Great.  Thanks  So I wrote the original review after receiving my first box of sensor covers back in November of last year. Of that order I have 3 left, (even gave out a couple of samples to other people), and have just received my second order of these Great sensor covers. I can not stress enough how great this product is, except to say make sure your arm is completely dry from the alcohol pad before applying the cover.
It clean the way they say
A nice basic moisturizer that absorbs like a dream and keeps skin plump. I mix it with Cicaplast to moisturize mature skin and heal mild acne overnight. Could be used as an eye and neck cream. The product comes in a large tube and is unscented. Clean and effective.
Other than the color, I love it!  Really helps with pain
This pack of reading glasses was a great buy. The glasses were only a couple dollars more per pair than the ones I usually get at the Dollar Store, but much more sturdy and well-made. I would recommend these without hesitation!
Very good product. The handle is good quality and makes using the pumice stone very easy.
 i’ve went through about 4 foot spa machines and this by far is the best and i will surely keep. it is big. enough space for my husband who is a size 11 and he says he still has a lot of room. second, i love the remote control AND drain. something i’ve not really considered and am glad i got this. honestly, i got this on a whim. thinking i’d just return it if I end up not liking it. did not read that it had a remote lol. as you see in the video it works so hooray! the drain is kinda slow BUT dont let that stop you. if spillage is your concern, this drains slowly and no spills. third, the heater works!! unlike some that only retain the heat, this one really heats up the water for you. I know because i put cold tap water and heated it to 40. fourth… i loooove the rollers at the bottom. this made filling up and then moving it near the couch so easy. NO carrying for me, less mess, less spillage. fifth, the cover and the tools that came with it. they are useful bonuses. if you are like me who like to keep things dust free, the cover is something that you will surely appreciate. and of course the tools.. at first i didnt use them but they helped to get the smaller areas of my husband’s feet. i dont know how to use all of them but im sure they will all play a role someday lol. overall, recommend. steep price BUT it isn’t your regular foot spa. it is worth it i promise!
MUST HAVE with 6 months old messy eater. It removes pumpkin, butternut squash and carrot stains if sprayed onto the article of clothing as long as it is fresh and wash it after 10 mins letting it soak in. Since I have to do laundry with my 6 months old messy eater it really became a must have in our household. On the bibs (white) I did not use this product on the stains are horrendous. Definitely recommend.
It works OK.  Nothing replaces Goddards, it was uniquely effective.
This tastes horrible and doesn't dissolve in cold liquids.  I tried apple juice and it just left clumps, tried both adding to cup before and after liquid.  I decided to try using it in coffee, and it tasted horrible.  I added some hot chocolate and it still tastes horrible, but slightly less so.  I certainly wish I didn't get the 8oz container to start.  Oh well.  So far no major herx reactions.  Teasel root usually is within a few hours, this has been a three doses so far.
Have not noticed any improvement with balance, etc the black sensors come out.
Took to lake house for kids to use it works for them when needed
I got the coconut and there was zero taste! I wanted to return or exchange it and I couldn’t do either. Very disappointed.
I was quite surprised when I made my first smoothie using the smoothie blender bombs! Absolutely delicious, very filling  for half the day. Definitely would buy again. I purchased the peanut butter chocolate- yummy.
I have been using this product for a couple of years.  Works well without side affects.
I transferred this product to a glass jar with a sealed top. Very easy to use, stir in a spoon with my morning coffee tasteless with a slightly sweet accent. Combine with a good multi-B vitamin & a Pro-biotic for best effectiveness.
Excellent for viewing photographic contact prints!
This is a must have with the knee rover.
Pictures create the illusion is bigger, so watch areas around it to know it's true size.It was quiet, needs a bit longer cord & is size makes it ideal for your car.
Comes with a cute little mesh zippered bag, I'm guessing is for in the laundry?I'm happy with the feel of these two pairs, and the thickness is just right.Package arrived timely and in goodcondition, after some washing and wearing I will update your product againVery great purchase
This is really helpful for trigeminal neuralgia as well as aids with seasonal hay fever.  I try to keep some on hand all the time and use it as needed.
If you're looking for a colon cleasing product this is the one to buy. It takes a little getting used to, by that I mean the first few times you try it you will not want to be too far from the bathroom. Remember, I warned you. After awhile that will taper off and you'll notice your nails, your hair, your skin, your increased energy and probably drop a few pounds too. Great stuff.
I hope these work!!! Im trying to get some sleep,and this is kind of a last resort..
Actually this little piece of plastic for which I paid $19.99 worked and the sound from the back of the iPad was redirected to the front.  However, the basic design was flawed and the item would not stay attached.  I do not have a case for my iPad, so that was not the problem.  The device slid on easily and had the magnet been larger, or stronger, and the arms a bit longer, it might have worked.  The minute you leaned the iPad against your legs, or on a table, or any surface, the little piece of plastic fell off.  I am returning it.  Too bad, the thought was good; the design was not.
I am a physical therapist, and short of getting orthotics made for you, these are the best you can do.  Don't heat mold them until after you have worn them for a week or so; your feet get used to the support and heat molding reduces it somewhat.  If you feel that they support you too much after a week, then go for the molding.  Bonus:  they last forever.
I have been using this product for quite a while.  Just a bulk purchase versus small packets of similar if not the same.  Close enough for my use.
This appears to be the right sponge for my wand but is isn’t. I bought these in November and having run out of the sponges I had I reached int the cupboard and grabbed a  new sponge. Wow I’m I disappointed.  It doesn’t fit my wand. The shape of the sponge is correct but the base is wrong. It’s way past 30 days so I can’t return them. Maybe I can find a new wand. But really? What a pain. Be careful. Check the base not only the sponge
I use this to prevent hemorrhoids and runny nose.
a great fit! it adjusts well, like that I can suspend it around my neck without having to take it off.
One squirt is all you need to cover up bathroom odors!  Not loaded up with chemicals and fake smells.AND one squirt means it lasts far longer than all the other sprays!
Quick and easy way to add extra calories.  Mixes well with water and can be added to tube feedings.  I will happily continue to purchase.
I can't notice any difference at all except for the strong odor it leaves. My shower has white tile that turns a little yellow if not cleaned. This product does no difference at all except on the yellow stuff. The only difference it will make to your life is the waste of money and the waste of time spraying after each time you take a shower.
I use these bags all the time; however, after 1 or 2 uses they don't work anymore.  They are especially good for strawberries.
I have suffered achilles tendinitis which necessitated wearing a knee-high cast for a month.Since then, my sports doctor recommended that I always use gel heel pads. However, I discovered the pedag insoles while shoe shopping in New York. My feet immediately felt more supported and comfortable using them. However, the price at the shoe store was, to me, exorbitant.I contacted the mfr. who suggested I shop online and lo and behold, Amazon has the full line at less than half the cost. and what service do they provide!!!! (We all know about their books)>I have stocked up a couple of pairs and I acually gave my sister one of mine, she was so impressed with how they helped her. It is not just the feet but they help the entire skeletal system and the back.Now I am able to wear thin, flat shoes because the insoles provide the support invisibly without the bulk. I  cannot live without them now and will alays keep a couple extra pairs on hand. At Amazon's prices, that is easy.
I bought it as a gift. I haven't heard anything about it yet.
Would not stay in place
The color variety is stunning!
Got this for my husband so he can have his meds really for the month. And he likes this makes it so much nicer than doing them by the week.  He's happy.  And it works so well and with the little compartments being able to come out to take your pills that is nice as well.  You don't have to mess with trying to get your pills out by holding the whole thing.
My boy, Donut, couldnt go a day without Ferretone. Every ferret loves it!!
The perfect item for my emergency supply kit.  It fits perfect and built solid.  I filled a 5 gallon bucket with my emergency supply kit and snapped this on for the lid.  I'm getting another for my rare camping trips.  No more squatting in the bushes!!
Awesome! Doesn't soak up the makeup like a regular sponge or a brush would and it's so easy to clean.
This has to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever bought!
It works! I followed the directions exactly. I would have had to get rid of my couch if this hadn't worked. So grateful for a product that works!
This product did not work. Could not get it to turn on. Cheaply made.
Used to purchase this sponge type "box" to use on my Dansko professionals. Everytime I tried to purchase,  fewer and fewer retailers carried the item and some didnt even know what I was asking for. Also it seems that the products like this always talk about "shine" associated with its use. Along with the restoration and nourishment of the oiled leather.  So I just finally tried the item that most closely seemed to adress the issue of wear, and keeping the matt black appearance . This product really does just what l wanted. The matt black replenished shoe without shine
I purchased these for my dad. Got him two pair.  These really help with circulation of the feet. This company has several other "Sleeve" braces that are very comfortable and help with circulation.My first one was for my knee after surgery. My arthopedic said no BRACES, well these are not braces, but SLEEVES.I originally heard from the people who invented this material that our soldiers in Afghanistan used them to help circulate blood to their feet to help them "feel" warm in the cold desert night.  They could not wear anything that generated real heat because it would make their feet sweat and in the cold air, not good.I was getting foot cramps and these helped my sleep better at night.  I know you are supposed to wear them with your shoes, which I did, but found them more comfortable at night to make my feet feel warm, not hot.I will tell you.. my knee healed faster than expected which was great since I travel for work and need to walk alot.  I noticed my knee didn't get as tired so I got a set for both knees.Then I got the Socks too.  Not just these, but the ones that go above the knee.  Then I got one for the Elbow.  Yeah... I'm that jacked up.I know the quality of these and have recommended to Facebook friends who live across the country. Told them if you don't like them you can return them.  They had similar knee surgery.They had similar experience and also got the socks... Odd... the knee and foot issues seem to go hand in hand, or foot in foot!They to have recommended this brand to their friends.  When I see someone hobbling around.. i ask, then tell them... GOOGLE INCREDIWEAR, read the reviews, then order on Amazon.
My 85 yo mother has low vision and struggled with nail clippers. These were perfect. She still needs independence and these help in a small way.
I'm sorry but I just could't manage to make this fit in my ear well enough to block sound as designed, despite repeated attempts.
I was hopeful that this product could help even a little bit but all I got was a very tender and painful &#34;chest&#34;. After losing over 100 lbs my bust was well let's just say sad. I'm in my early 20s and feel that plastic surgery should be a last resort so I thought I'd try these &#34;vitamins&#34; coupled with specific exercises. After three weeks of taking them religiously my bust began to be extremely sore, even the slightest bump was quite painful and I felt it was in my best interest to stop. My chest didn't change at all, nothing, zip, nada.
Idea and concept great but the adhesion is very poor. In order to use these, I had to use glue to get them to stay on the shoes.
This product was exactly as described and performed perfectly in cleaning coins. Easy and safe to use and without a doubt the best I have seen in a long time. Will certainly buy again.
This works incredibly well for smelly shoes if you follow the directions. I washed my boots and they started smelling a couple days later so I tried this for several days and it worked!  I was skeptical because this is not a chemical product but it works really really well  and smells great.  I also love that it doesn’t leave any powder residue in the shoes like other products on the market
Works as advertized!
My favorite thing about this is the button that you push to pop open the lid.  It's well made so should be durable.
I couldn't believe how this eliminated my allergy symptoms.  I no longer need to take Claritin or Zyrtec, which are chemicals I'd rather avoid.
love this product.
This really gives a nice stretch.  I use it on my office chair daily.  Ever since I started using this the lower back pain I would have at the end of the day is gone.
Would purchase this again
Fish oil is a supplement where quality matters since a lot of fish oils contain mercury or less than the advertised ingredients. You should look for fish oil that is IFOS-certified and pay extra for that. A LabDoor rating also helps. The source location and supplier of the fish oil are not disclosed.The current cost is $30, or $0.50 per serving. InnovixLabs fish oil, which is IFOS certified and has a high LabDoor score, costs $0.14 for a roughly equivalent serving.
The taste is good. The ingredients are healthy and keto-friendly, other than Sucralose. I have consumed Bulletproof coffee regularly for years, so I am used to this type of coffee. One issue is the price, which is currently $3.50 per cup. If you have four cups per day, that is $14 per day and this pack will only last five days. You can make coffee at home, add your own butter, MCT oil and, collagen at a cost of $0.40 - $1 per cup. Where this product makes sense is when you are away from home, such as in the office or while traveling. For that use case, this product is good. Spending $3.50 on a cup of coffee is too much though.The other issue is that this product is not keto-friendly since it has Sucralose, which will spike insulin. The amount of Sucralose in this is not disclosed.
The front of the bottle says it has oil from wild Pollock and the back says it contains Tilapia, which is generally an unhealthy farm-raised fish that should be avoided. If the tilapia is only used to make the gelatin, the label should mention that. Oil from fish at the low end of the food chain would be better since those fish are less contaminated. Anchovies and sardines would be better. This fish oil does not have independent quality verifications listed, which is important for fish oil. This lacks IFOS certification or certification from LabDoor. If this is a natural triglyceride form of the oil, that means it is more likely to have contaminants. If this is synthetic triglyceride form, they should mention that. Other products that use AlaskOmega oil are IFOS certified, so there is a chance that this oil would pass those same tests, but the company should advertise that more.They added lemon flavor to the oil inside the capsules, which is unusual. It might be done to mask the taste of low-quality fish oil from people that open the capsules to evaluate freshness.The bottle is nice. The current price is $64 for 90 servings, or $0.71serving. Doctor’s Best is selling very similar AlaskOmega Ethyl Ester oil for $0.43serving. SmarterVitamins is also selling a nearly identical AlaskOmega product for less money.
This is a basic supplement that works well. The L-Theanine helps reduce the anxiety that caffeine can cause. The 200 mg L-Theanine  100 mg caffeine ratio is better than 100 mg  100 mg. Some people like much more L-Theanine, so the powered bulk supplement might be better.The current cost is $11 for 60 servings, which is $0.18 per serving. It is inexpensive, but these are inexpensive ingredients and this combination is being sold by many vendors. This is certainly cheaper than a cup of coffee. You can add L-Theanine to your coffee as an alternative.
This product has ingredients that support natural testosterone production and increase libido. The effects are noticeable, although I doubt my actual testosterone levels are increased significantly. The noticeable effects are more likely due to increased dopamine.Some of these ingredients you need to be careful of, specifically the L-Dopa and DHEA. Too much of these supplements can cause anxiety and aggression. To my knowledge Tribulus does nothing and it is the dominant ingredient. The pills have a funky smell, which is from the indole-3-carbinol. I3C coverts to DIM in your body, and DIM is in these as well, which is redundant.Another supplement that seems to work is D-Aspartic Acid, but this is a bulk powder not a pill.None of these easily-available supplements will have a huge impact on your testosterone levels compared to more powerful compounds that are harder to buy, but they should help slightly.The current price is $50, which is $0.83 per serving. You might only want to take one pill at a time instead of three.
This product has no obvious effect on my brain. I took double the dose, and still nothing. Most of the ingredients are not associated with cognitive health, so I was not expecting this product to work, but I thought I would try it anyway. Bacopa is the only ingredient in this that is primary associated with brain benefits, and it is the reason this product is named Memory+. This has bacopa leaves, not the more potent extract. Supplements that contain standardized extracts are more effective. Plant-based products can have wide variability in their active compounds. Skip this product and get a standardized bacopa extract.I measured 780 mg of powder in two pills. This is far off the claimed 1000 mg of ingredients. I measured two more pills and got the same discrepancy. This company is under dosing its pills. Another product I tried from this company had the same problem.The company is hiding the quantities of the ingredients inside of a proprietary blend.
People take curcumin for the anti-inflammation benefit. I don’t personally notice anything from taking a lot of curcumin from many companies. Considering the relatively high price for curcumin, I would like there to be a more noticeable benefit.I measure two pills having 1330 mg of powder in them, which is close to what I expect from the claimed 1310mg of ingredients. It means these capsules have minimal to no fillers, which is what they advertise.You are after the curcumin, not the turmeric, so the 100mg of turmeric extract is the important number when price comparing. The current price is $13 for 90 pills, which $1.44gram. The 90-pill bottle is $0.94gram. The NOW brand 60 pill bottle costs $0.33gram. The Doctor’s best 120 pill bottle is $0.34gram. Nothing about this B’LEAF NATURE curcumin would suggest that it is a better product that is worth such a price premium over the established reputable brands.You can buy tumeric root at the grocery store if that is what you want. Tumeric is too bulky relative to the active compounds for it to be a good supplement. Instead, focus on supplements that contain just the curcumin extract, and ones that contain more of the desired extract than what is in this pill.Made in the USA in GMP certified facility.
The chocolate shake tastes like brownie batter if you use coconut oil for the oil in the batter. It has a definite coconut taste. It has a lumpy texture, like brownie batter. If you use an immersion blender you can probably change the consistency, but even with a Blender Bottle shaker cup it is still lumpy.Room temp water with a spoon – does not mixCold milk with a spoon – does not mix well. A floating mass stays on top.Hot coffee with a spoon – mixes better, but not great. Sludge settles to the bottom of the cup.Cold milk in a Blender Bottle shaker – mixes better, but still not completely. Good enough though for me to skip the immersion blender.The product is clearly targeting people that want a lactose free shake. Shakes with milk taste better.The price is $30 as I write this, which seems too high for what it is.This product says “keto friendly,” but that is untrue. This is mostly carbs and protein. One of the main ingredients is maltodextrin. This drink will likely kick you out of ketosis and spike your insulin. While the carbohydrate count is under the threshold for ketosis, I would not drink this if you hope to be on a keto diet. To advertise “no sugar added,” then add in maltodextrin as the substitute is misleading, since it has the same negative effects as sugar.While I am not in the lactose-free target audience, I am in the keto diet target audience. For the target audience that I am in, this is a bad meal replacement.
I completed the full bottle of pills and my conclusion is that this product did nothing. I consider myself a biohacker and I am in tune with how my body responds. Perhaps the effect is masked by all the other supplements and peptides I take. I tried to isolate the effect from my other supplements and energy drinks. I tried taking more than the recommended dose, taking it spread throughout the day, taking it in the evening, in addition to recommended three pills at once.If this supplement does anything, it is too subtle for me to notice. Some supplements and medications take time to build up before their effect becomes noticeable, but I did not notice anything from this at any time during the month. I was hoping this would work since the company seems well-intentioned with a belief that what they are selling works.This is clearly not a stimulant. Anything that is a stimulant is more immediately effective than this product.The clinical trials are meaningless if they used a placebo as a comparison. They should be comparing competing products, such as caffeine, Adderall, Ritalin, and Modafinil. All of these competing drugs are less expensive than this supplement, excluding the cost of the doctor's visit to get the prescription. The real challenge for supplements like these is how it stacks up against caffeine, or a Monster Energy Drink, not a sugar pill.People that are avoiding stimulants are not going to eat cocoons either. Products like this target the fringe of biohackers, who already take numerous other supplements and are not nutrient deficient in anything. The target audience is different from a clinical trial group.The main compound adding to the cost is the peptide. For brain-enhancing peptides, Semax and Cerebrolysin are established, proven, and scientifically validated peptides, and both work great in me and have noticeable effects. I am not sure what cocoon peptide is supposed to do and the Web site of the vendor does not mention how it works. What is the mechanism of action? The other peptides I mentioned increase BDNF levels and are less expensive than this product.I am a man in my 40s and I have tried a large number of supplements, nootropics, medications, and peptides to help increase productivity, focus, and mental performance.The money-back-guarantee helps for a product like this, but it seems like you will need to take a test at the start of the 30 days to activate the offer.
This MCT oil comes in a fancy wine bottle and it is packaged like a fancy wine bottle. It has a slight taste of coconut oil, versus other MCT oils that have no detectable taste.You are paying a premium for the presentation of this oil, not for the quality of the oil. The bottle looks fancy and like a premium product, if that is the look you are going for. Maybe you are buying this for a bar or restaurant where the appearance matters. For the oil to be the highest quality, it would be better if this was 100% C8 oil. Other brands try to stand out by selling organic MCT oil.I drink MCT oil daily in coffee, and I have tried many of the brands. Another brand I have in my kitchen is the inexpensive Horbaach MCT oil that costs $0.15  fl oz. This Genesis MCT oil has the same ratio of oils and costs $1.48  fl oz. Premium 100% C8 MCT oil is cheaper than Genesis MCT oil.Many MCT oil bottles suffer from a pouring problem and drips. This bottle pours like a wine bottle, which is fine, and it has the problem with the last oil drip running down the side, like many other bottles. I keep my bottles on a paper towel.This MCT oil is sold in clear glass, versus nearly every other MCT bottle being sold. I am unaware of any issue with MCT oil degrading if exposed to light, but it is something to take note of. Many places caution to keep oils out of sunlight. The NOW brand sells their MCT oil in dark brown glass.The bottle says High Octane on it, which is silly marketing. They are likely trying to play off the pioneer in the field of MCT oils, Bulletproof Brain Octane C8 MCT Oil, which is higher quality and less expensive than this oil. Octane, the hydrocarbon, has a C8 molecule in it, which corresponds to the 100% C8 oil in the clever marketing of that competing product.
A good product with proven calming ingredients. These ingredients overlap with some sleeping pills, and this product can make you feel tired. For many people, these pills are best for after the work day is over and closer to bed time.If you are hoping for a flow state at work or an alternative to ADHD drugs, this product is not intended for that. If that is your goal, start with 200-400mg of L-theanine by itself to see how far that gets you. L-Theanine is an inexpensive pleasant tasting powder and it will be calming without making you tired.The price, as I write this, is $1serving. That price is reasonable if you consider the premium ingredients, like KSM-66 Ashwagandha. You are paying for convenience by having a company blend powders and put them in a capsule. People in the target market can afford $1serving.The product is made in the USA at a GMP facility.
I have been taking 10,000 mcg biotin supplements daily for many years to help with hair and nail health. This Vita Mountain product has calcium in it as well, and I am not sure why they added that ingredient. As far as quality, I have no reason to score this less than five stars. For actual purchasing, I would go with whatever is cheapest, which is often Natrol or Nutricost. I am unaware of any notable differences between the brands.
Comfortable and easy care.
Perfect bag for holding a dozen homemade cookies.
Helped when my husband hurt his hand!
I have taken 1 to 2 grams of omega 3 every day for the past two decades.  My reasoning for taking the supplement varies with my ailments and the research.  It has been shown to be useful for mental health, inflammatory disease, muscle strength, and cancer prevention.  I used to take it for my heart and memory but I'm not sure the science supports that.  I take one pill a day to supplement the large quantities of fish oil I get from fresh caught fish that we eat every other day.I chose this brand because of Consumer Labs' recommendations based on formulation, concentration, quality and price.  Not only is it one of the most concentrated capsule form, but buying it in this two pack with an additional discount cut the price to $.14 a pill making it the cheapest omega 3 per 500 mg.
Not sure why people say these are too small.  They are the exact right size for me.  I've bought these glasses a couple of times over the past decade and they've held up well.  The lens are distortion-free ang the frames are attractive and strong.  Exactly what I needed.
First I tried it mixed with apple yogurt. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then I tried it with Grape Nuts. Nasty but I ate it anyway. Then we mixed it with eggs and flour, cooked it, and fed it to the catfish. They loved it so we will eat it all but it will be in fried catfish.I paid $11 for this at Costco.
10 month Addendum:  The new order does not have the strong effect the first order had.  This could be due a difference in strength or because I've built up a tolerance to using it.  My first order arrived cold in a styrofoam box.  This second order arrived warm in a padded envelope.  I tried it immediately with no noticeable thickening of the nasal rinse solution and no burning.  However, my sinus condition improved within 24 hours so I will continue to use it.  I recommend ordering during winter months.If a tiny little scoop is all you need, then this is plenty.  If you put 14 teaspoon in your sinus rinse like one reviewer recommended, you've only got 8 days worth here.  I now use a heaping scoop in a half bottle of salted sinus rinse.For the first two days, I tried it in my sinus rinse and with a concentrated mix applied with a q-tip.  Both times, my sinuses started aching and I got a mild sinus headache for about a half hour.  I also got less nasal drainage than usual.I'm not going to try snorting it because the crystals don't dissolve easily and I'm worried that they could cause damage to my sinuses in concentrated form.  But I am inclined to continue the combination because it obviously is having some effect.I have non-allergic rhinitis.  I was on antibiotics and prednisone for almost two years before I had sinus surgery.  Now I get about one infection a year and live with a constantly runny nose.You can read about the research behind Lactobacillus sakei and sinus infections at The National Institute of Health (NIH).Addendum: Sinus pain today so I decided to add the powder to my rinse.  First I did a salt water rinse with a drop of baby shampoo to wash away the biofilm (to give probiotic better access to sinuses).  Then I added 18 tsp to a half bottle of warm water.  It hurt so bad it took me three tries over a half hour to use it up. The following day I tried it without the pre-rinse and I only used a couple of tiny scoops of powder and it still seemed to trigger pain.  It also seems to be thickening the mucus but not really decreasing it.Three Month Addendum: Been using this episodically for three months now and it still hurts if I put more than 2 scoops in 12 a bottle of sterile water for a rinse.  Nonetheless, the pain is tolerable and it definitely helps my sinuses.  My sinuses were symptom free until I spent two days doing yard work and then the familiar stuffiness and bad odor returned.  A full salt rinse followed by a half bottle with the probiotic has decreased all symptoms.
I've been on a mission to try out as many nutrition bars as I can find, looking for a combination of good health, good taste, and reasonable cost. After trying virtually all the flavors of a couple dozen different brands, these came in second to .  The Kit bars are a bit more expensive with no Subscribe and Save option but are healthy, tasty and not too sweet.We also like Larabars and Kind bars but find both too sweet.ThinkThin Crunch have more sodium and less sugar and are so-so in taste.Kashi Bars are the cheapest at $.50 apiece and the Almond Flax version are the least sweet.My recent least favorite are Coconut Simply Whey Bars with a fairly yucky taste.
Daughter loves these to take her iron and says it works well. These help her to have more energy and have increased the iron levels in her system. This has been great for her because she has anemia issues.
I milk one Nigerian Dwarf goat and I think this will last her entire lactation. Other goat owners recommended it and I’m happy with it, knowing it keeps her healthy.
Exceeded my expectations! Great Qualuty. Nice Size
My 10 year old loves this toothbrush. The various speeds make interesting sounds. His imagination takes him to fun places while he brushes. He has done a much better job with brushing since using it,
Great teeth & gums supplement.  After only 4 days use my gums are pink & redness has cleared up. I like the clove taste & numbing effect. Teeth feel stronger & set firm in gums too! They seem to be whiter even tho I drink coffee & tea. Yay!! 😁
Best invention, no more dryer sheets and paper towel rolls ever again. No smoke is blown out as well which is a plus
TLDR: Comfortable, but ineffective.I'm a side sleeper and live closer to a major highway, which I can hear through the walls and windows of the house at all times.  I was hoping this would help me block out those sounds to get to have a better quality of sleep.These are easy earplugs to insert and, for my ear shape & size, do not stick out enough to be a problem with side sleeping.  They are also comfortable.  These are the two reasons I gave this product 2 stars.After a couple of seconds of them in my ears my hearing adjusted to normal levels.  I feel like I could hear everything I could normally.
Purchased as game give aways for a baby shower
This was a very brutal year in my area for pollen and allergies.  On top of everything, we did some renovations so there was dust and allergens absolutely everywhere for a while.  We (my husband and I) went through a bunch of allergy medicines and nothing really worked.  Then we tried this, on the advice of a friend.  I was absolutely amazed.  There was no fogginess, no druggy feeling, but our sinuses really opened up.  Quickly.  I'm just amazed at how well this works.  This product has earned a permanent place in my medicine cabinet!
They now make the Kandoo wipes smaller. I called Pampers Kandoo and they said that they make them smaller and there are supposed to be 50 in the pack. There are 42 in the pack. They are now only good for infants.
My son would stay up because of the ghosts and monsters, so we bought this spray and let him take control of getting those ghosts. He has been able to sleep great knowing he has to ghost spray.
As a sun cream it worked well. As a mosquito repellant not so much.
You can't expect quality products if it's super cheap, especially organic Acerola. I take the Acerola tabs but sometimes I rather just mix it in my drinks. This is very tart so I recommend mixing it with juice and also using a whisk. It can clump very easily. It really does give me energy. I'm very sensitive to caffeine so this is a great alternative to energy drinks. Doesn't mess with my glucose levels and I don't crash on this. The benefits of Acerola are amazing and I recall hardly getting sick living in Puerto Rico, because we had a large Acerola tree in our back yard. My mom use to juice them and we ate them as a family on a daily basis. Miss that tree!
My wife is using this steamer in her esthetic business.  Its a great simple steamer.Came well-packaged with no damage to glass water holder (these often arrive cracked).Base is sturdy.  Not wobbly.  No creaks.  Its basic, but not cheapo.She has more expensiveadvanced units with attachments.  But this has become a goto for minor extractions and cleansing.Recommended.
Comes well-packaged and is very suitable for gifting.Scent is rather bland at first hit.  Once you give it a while to work warm up and settle in on the skin it does open up a bit.  Complex - but a still a bit muddy.This is not an amazing scent.  Not really memorable.  But nice and subtle enough for everyday use or gym roll on.I'll continue to use it and update this review.
Received this for my wife.She's been using it for about a month now and reports that its a good trimmer.  She regularly uses it for legs and armpits and that "other" area.  Good for legarmpits all year round as well as winter maintenance in the "other" area.She does say that you if you have darkthick hair you still need to wax if you're going to the beachpool - but lightfair hair will probably not need to.My electric shaver was out of power and I used it on my face - thankfully it worked.  I see it as revenge, since I know she's been using my electric shaver without my permission...
This thing saves a bunch of time and mess. And they know it cause they charge a premium $$$. Its probably 30cents of plastic. You could easily make at home if you had the right toolsskills. Also had to drill the hole out cause its extremely difficult to push caulking out as is. But it did make the job way easier. Just wish I didnt have to send them an arm and a leg for their price gouging.
Pro: easy to use and lightweightCon: just keeps me from moving my head without turning my shoulders. Neck brace. Doesn't pull my neck up for adjustment like I thought it would.
Bought for older relative who was having issues with mouth sores.
It's a pretty good water pick. I wish it had more speeds though.High is way too high and low could stand to be a bit more powerful.
Replaced original, perfect fit, the only down fall is that the adjustment stem adjustment pins are not the same as original?  No reason why, made it work anyway.
Love these things; can't live without them.  Others have posted they don't work, but it takes at least a couple months of constant use to get the full benefit; I've tried many other tabs for my joints, and will not go back to anything else; these make me able to move and not be in such constant knee pain.
Received sooner than I expected and were better than I expected!!!! LOVE these roller balls !
Very nice item! It makes a little noise, but it's fine. Refreshes the air effectively (I am a college student and my roommate smokes so I got this cigarette smell through the vent, and this device helps a lot). I add some essential oil there for aromatherapy.
I don't like them and very tricky to use it.
Works as advertised
These are great roller bottles for using with my essential oil recipes. Love them!
Great product, would buy it again.
I love this kit. It comes with a wide variety of file textures. It works great on bare nails and on acrylics. I had never used glass files before, and they worked great - much better than I expected. They are also attractive, which is never a bad thing. (grin)  I recommend this kit. Very nicely put together and everything you need for trimming and filing a variety of nail types.
I have weak hands and fat calves which swell quite a lot. These zipper socks by Presadee are SO EASY to put on. The material is soft and comfortable. They don't pinch at the knee and ankle like my other pull on socks do. I love them. The purple is very pretty too. I bought 3 pair. I may buy more. I can easily see myself wearing these every day. I like to walk barefoot and the toeless style helps keep me from slipping. They are really fantastic.
I am glad I was able to find this product.Great features:- Removable rollers- different settings : Bubbles vs. vibration- Heat (will keep your water warmer for a longer period of time) - I was surprised how much I like this feature- Different Stones attachmentsCons:- It take a little longer to warm up the water, if by accident you put colder water - not a big deal - I am sure it's for safetyI got this product on sale
Doesn't curl eyelashes.  It's a lightweight appliance, it's attractive and it does warm up.  But it does not curl lashes.  I really wanted this to work for me but it doesn't.
misleading advertizment
The bags are really thin plastic and seem like they'll rip at any moment. I bought it for the footprint tissue paper and it's really cute
was not impressed with using this. Wasn't able to scrub things and have it remove the food.
It stays stuck to the wall of the shower for maybe two showers.  Any small bump and it falls off.  Does not hold the shower head except at one angle.  Would not recommend to anyone.
Terrible manufacturing.  Leaks at the sink connection.  Hose is extremely flimsy and kinks if you bend it more than a bit.  Head snaps together and falls apart if you push water through beyond a trickle.Not worth the $4 to return so I'll toss it.  Very disappointed.
I like the product. For myself I would recommend it for smaller floors. The rinse feature is nice. The con, in my opinion is that it isn't a large enough container to do a big area without going for clean water. My whole house is tile. But for smaller areas it works well.
Product was exactly as described works perfectly with our amope pedi
I got two, for myself and my wife. She stopped using hers after a month or so because it made her neck pain worse, I stopped a few months later. It seemed great at first, keeping my head and neck aligned. But after a while, I started waking up with neck pain, which is unusual for me. It felt to me like the pillow got firmer instead of softer with use. So I tried a different pillow and found the neck pain disappeared, pretty much overnight. It's a great idea. We're all different. This pillow may work for others, just not for me. I gave an extra star for customer service trying to make it right. I would buy from them again, just not this particular product.
This did not work as advertised. My glasses still fog just as before.
I bought this product because I read in a periodical that Omega 3's are what we need for inflamation.  It's better than Omega 6's.  So I switched over to this Fish Oil product and I'm enjoying the lemon taste.  I take two teaspoons a day and the taste is not offensive at all.  I will order another when this one runs out and hopefully my body will do much better in the future.
I bought this product because at the stores they only have the deodorant with all the funky smells or no smell at all.  I used to use one with a beautiful fragrant flower smell but they discontinued it.  Too bad because I have to look for another deodorant where I can tolerate the smell.
I bought this squeegee for our shower tiles and glass door. It works very well. The angle of the handle is adjustable and an extension handle can be installed. I bought a handle adapter through Amazon so that a short, screw on handle can be attached. It came with two replacement blades and works very well. Makes quick work of getting the water off shower tiles and glass.
Really helped with tension in my shoulders!
Love them.  Great price for the product.
Best spray wax on the market by a longshot. The durability of other spray on rinse off products doesn't even compare to this product. Have had this last 6+ months after properly clay barring a vehicle. Perfect for wheels as well.
Amazing product
Easy to use and a complete kit. Just get more shine cloth after a few uses.
This item is not as good as advertised. I read the research paper the product is based on and the statistics looked decent but I am not one of the people this product worked a miracle on. I am back to the old acid blockers. This product is worth a try but after one bottle if you feel no improvement do not waste your money on another one.
Like magic, these things scrap away dirt like nothing else. I finally found a product that does not scratch but gets dirt off. My only problem is they really are one shot only, and deteriorate very quickly. They cannot take much abuse but they do what no other sponge can.
I use this product for keeps drain traps filled in the science lab. The extra heavy formula helps it stay in place and fill the large space in the pipe.
Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
Anyone camping or traveling should carry this in their pack. It is a life saver when no soap is available and great when the only soap available has perfume that gives you a headache. This is head ache free as far as I can tell.
I travel and camp and this product makes life so much easier. I can clean clothes on the go and carry this in my pocket.
Creates a good foamy lather in under a minute, bristles have not fallen out and the knot is tight.  Initially has a musky odor and only issue would be that the handle is pretty wide- I have big hands and it is a difficult to get a comfortable grip.  But overall I am satisfied with the product
This sealer is pretty loose, the consistancy of hot syrup, which makes the process go faster but can make for messy cleanup.Good: My grout is now absolutely water proof after only one coat, and I used about 110th of a quart bottle to do 300sq ft of grout lines.  A little goes a very long way!Bad: I bought one of those dispenser bottles for grout lines at Lowes, works great with this sealer but every now and then it would pour out and I would have to wipe it off the tile.  No big deal but turns out it does not wipe completely off of my sealed porcelain tile.  It left a wierd film that will not come off.Great product, just be sure to get a bottle of aquamix sealer remover as well.
I've been using the cup for about 2 years and this is a amazing product and I can't believe I've went so long without it. Cleans within 3 mins.
Not the best but good for the money.
This herb was recommended by a natural practioner.  I was having extremely long and heavy periods after a miscarriage.  Lady's Mantle did the trick, shortening my cycles and drastically reducing the flow.  However, do your own research and know how what you are taking will affect you!
I love these oil but they raised the price.  This is not greasy and good for skin.  Great for senaitive skin.
There is a whole lot going for this product. Cricket powder adds protein and essential aminos to your baking, which can easily up your food's nutrition profile.The downside, if you can even call it that, is the slight change it'll make to your food's taste. It is not at all overwhelming, but you'll notice a faint taste of something different - and that's it, not something bad or buggy but just different - and you or your guestsconsumers may be initially put off.However, I expect this can be compensated for by including flavors with stronger profiles. I am trying to make a bread that is not overly sweet or the like, but I suspect the reason why most users of cricket powder vend sweet products is to offset the taste. When you use this product you may need to make some test batches first to see how the powder affects your food's flavors.In my first few batches, I made a banana bread with 2 tbsp of cricket powder that worked out 99%. I also made a more general sweet bread (a muffin recipe, but in a bread pan) using 2 tbsp of the powder, where the taste was more noticeable so perhaps 90% of where I wanted it to be.It's pricey, but the product is worth playing with and especially for ifwhen the premium declines and you know how to use it.
Cute. Whatever it takes to make the kids brush!
Makes nice bubbles and the message is good.
My only non drug solution for a bad headache...works every time...
Although the grains in this formula say they're 100% organic, they don't say they're 100% gluten free and within a few days of  taking this formula, every night, about an hour after ingesting it, my head started itching...then my face, ears, my back. It got worse, night after night until one night I was awake all night long, scratching my head and face off...I realized it could only be the fiber causing this so I stopped taking it and the itching went away and the following night without taking it, I wasn't itching at all....  And the sad thing is that I liked everything about the product, the taste and the ease of taking it...and  it helped with giving me a good morning poop the first few days....however by the 5th day, I had diarrhea...and then gas and bloating and that kept getting worse.  I'm thinking there is something in this formula that contains gluten even though organic.  That's how my body reacts to eating gluten so I know this is not something I can tolerate...Just making anyone who is gluten intolerant aware that I suspect this product contains gluten although itclearly doesn't mention that it's gluten free.  I just assumed it would be..
I don't know what to think of this product or why I had such a negative reaction to it...legs swelling, infection that required I takean antibiotic...I bought two bottles, one for a friend...She took it for two days and wound up with a high fever...Both of us haddifferent types of infections from the same product...I can't explain what happened...we didn't spend time together...I sent thisproduct to work with my husband to give to her...so she and I weren't even in the same room...I just can't imagine what is inthis that would cause such a bad reaction to take place from two random people at the same time.....but I sent both bottles back for a refund...I felt this was a very scary experience..I never get bacterial infections..Mine was a staph infection...
Looking through the clear bag when my kale powder arrived, the shade of the green powder is a bit pale compared to the color of fresh kale.But curious to taste it, I added a teaspoon of powder to a 12 glass of water and just drank it....Surprisingly, it tasted fresh and sweet.  I'm just hoping this is truly what it says it is....pure organic kale powder and nothing else.  This tastes far better than so many green powders I've purchased.  No bitterness whatsoever. I feel this was a very good purchase.  I bought the pound bag...which will probably last a long time~!
The foil was not in package and one of the numbers would not stay deflated.
Cheaply made
Perfect box for oils. They fit perfectly.
This product worked well as weather stripping on my boat's storage compartments.
Lid can half broken, then completely disconnected within a week.  Didn't talk to seller.  Thought it would be better quality.
Great to deal with a great product!
Tips in shpowerHad to go but a stronger oneThis one is dangerios
I bought this item as NEW, but it was definitely a used and returned item. Very embarrassing since I gave it as a gift! For the price I paid, it should be new. BUYER BEWARE!! Not all items were in the box, which means no instructions or information.
Peaceful lavender scent is awesome! I'll catch a whiff of it during my class and its so good! Great yoga mat cleaner.
These don’t taste bad at all.  It’s not my favorite but it’s an okay option.
My boyfriend needed a new clipper and cordless seemed the best option.  I can help him and he'd have a easier time cutting his hair.  these clippers are amazin,  trust me!!!
I liked the looks and works fine.  Easy to read display.  But I have an Update, It stoped working after 13 months displaying an Err message or erratic weight.  Placed New Batteries,  same result.  Can't find the warranty procedure on amazon.
Very happy.  Good quality,  packaging and product. Quick delivery.
I ordered the spiral bound cookbook. The cookbook is great and Carolyn spent a lot of time on tips and tricks for keto baking so we don't have to. The issue I have is with the secondary seller. The spiral comb was too small. You can tell that they cut the pages of a non spiral cookbook and bound it. The too small comb causes the pages to stick out past the cover. Disappointed with that but not with the recipes. Hope the spiral creator does better next time.
Love these! We use these and the silicone &#34;chewy&#34; straws and have stopped buying disposable straws.
This product in size 14 was big enough to cut down to the size I needed for an exact fit
I love it!!!! this item is awesome I really recommend it, fast shipping, excellent quality thank you very much  RoseMyst Instant Magic I feel very happy with the results!!!
By far the best supplement I have ever used. Vegan or not this provides so much energy, helps get your appetite down, and just makes you feel great...and tastes amazing too!
These foam ear plugs are soft and comfortable.  Though they are “reusable”, you’ll probably not going to be able to use them too many times before you’ll need to use a new pair.  A plastic case which holds six pairs is also included.These ear plugs are Made in China and being sold by a Chinese company on Amazon.
This is kind of a “kit”. . . though it has an “odd” number of items included.12 – 3D Face Bracket50 – Extenders2 – Lanyards3D Face Bracket – Really small.  Might work best for kids.  Depends upon the size of your face.  They are Made in China and I can only assume they are made for smaller faces.  But it can also depends upon the type of mask you’re wearing if you’ll be able to use them.  They measure 4” across by 3.25” tall.Extenders – 5.5” long X .75” wide.  These are made of hard plastic.  You’ll find some of soft silicone. . . but these are hard plastic.Lanyards – Again. .  “Odd” that there are only two.  They measure 13.5” long.  For kids and smaller necks.  The latches on the end are plastic and quite challenging to open.When you add 50+12+2 = 64. . . and at the current price of sixteen bucks. . . That comes out to .25 cents per-piece, which is really not bad at all.  One of the more affordable such items I’ve seen.Made in China.
This set is Made in China and does not have specific brand labeling.  So it could be sold as any brand.  For that reason, you’ll want to look around to see who is offering the best price.  I find the current price of twenty-four bucks to be quite expensive for plastic rods and brushes Made in China.The instructions show that you will probably want to use duct tape to secure each section together after you screw them together.  This  is certain true, as sections could unscrew as your working the brush back-and-forth. . . especially if using a drill.You may also wish to use super glue (or some other glue) to attach the brush head so that it does come unscrewed.The rods are not that flexible.  The more rods you attach, then the more curved it can become. . . but. . if you that some “tight turns”, then this may not work.This set comes with two brushes.  The bristles are a good combination of flexible  stiff.  The  brush is 4-inches across, and about 1.75” wide.  The brushes must be used separately, and can to be attached together.I wish that someone would invent a dryer vent cleaner where you could attach some kind of hose to a vacuum cleaner.  Because once you use such a brush. . .  you’re going to have to get the lint out.  If you have such a hose, then you could possible attach it to this brush  pole set.
I had high hopes for this item, but it didn't go well from the start.  As it says in the information sent with the device, this is not a hearing aid, and if you have problems with your hearing then you need to contact a doctor.  Honestly, if you think you need an item like this, then that's exactly what you need to do.  You need to contact a professional so that you can get some "real" assistance.This device is marketed to "baby boomers", of which I am one.  But this is a VERY "challenging" device in many ways.  MANY "baby boomers" and most "seniors" would never be able to set the device up. . . much less be able to operate it once it's all plugged-in.  This is the reason the "Jitterbug" cell phone was created. . . . Keep It Simple!!!  This device is anything but simple, especially for those for whom it is supposed to be geared toward. Most "seniors" do not want. .  need. . . or desire "fancy gadgets" with lots of buttons.If this item were $59.95, then I would give it higher marks. . . but. . . it's not!  It's many times that, and not worth it!I was able to set it up without too much difficulty, but I know many of my friends would have simply left it in the box.  Even if someone had their child or grandchild set it up for them, they still will be "lost" as to how to operate it.Three of the functions  modes, I just don't "get".  If you need a headset for a telephone, then you can get one very inexpensively.  No need for this.  If you have trouble hearing people, and carrying on a conversation with someone, then you probably need to see a professional about having your hearing tested and acquiring a "real" device for assistance.  I don't know anyone who wants to walk around with what looks to be an "odd" mp3 player with earplugs to talk to people.  The third function, of playing "sounds" is just kind of annoying.  At first I thought it might be nice. .  but. .  I was listening to what I would call "waves". . . It's obviously on a "loop" playing the sounds over and over. . . but. . . there is a "beginning" and an "end". . .  So when the loop finishes, it's not a smooth transition to start playing again.  You notice where it "ends" and then "starts" again.  Personally, this is very annoying.  It should be a seamless loop.Now for the one function that does indeed work, and I actually like. .  .. Watching TV.  Once you set it up, you can actually listen to TV and it works just fine. I like this because I live in a condo, and though the walls a quite thick, I still don't want to turn the TV up too loud, and there have been times when it would have been more enjoyable to have a headset like this.  Granted, there are a few "issues" with this also.  First, it will work with just one TV, because you have to run a cord from the TV to the base of the device.  Second, the information shows that the battery will last about 6.5-hours in TV mode.  Granted, that's a bit of time, but if it's a weekend, and you want to watch a lot, it still might not be enough.  It takes 5-hours to charge the device as well.  Also, if you have the earplugs in to watch TV, then if you have other people around you, you're probably not going to be able to "socialize".  You're either going to be watching TV with the earplugs in. . . or . . . not have the earplugs in and "socializing".  Also, the earplugs are not all that comfortable.  I'm assuming I can use other earplugs or earphones I find more comfortable.  I haven't tried that yet, but I'm "assuming" it will work.But even though I like the TV part. . . . There are MUCH less expensive and better options, if that's really what you're looking for.  I did a search on Amazon.com and there are some GREAT options. . . . a LOT less expensive. . .  . and cordless!!!!
Have used for years. Always feel scrubbed clean. And easily reaches your back. They never mildew or tear. Replace every 3-6 months.
No whitening
I like this collagen. I take it in morning and seems to do what it’s su to.
Did not work at all. A waste of money really. I left it in a heel that annoyed me in one area to try and stretch it out, and I had it there for days. It did nothing.
I placed these High Arch Supports in my running shoes and I am really pleased. I have really high arches and place arch supports in all of my shoes so as to avoid Plantar Fasciitis which I am prone to. These arch supports are nice and high and cushioned and just right for me. Great cushion and great comfort.  Really pleased with this product.
I really love these B12 Gummies and I do feel more energy taking them. In the past I did not really enjoy taking vitamin pills. Taking gummies that taste good makes it so easy to make it a habit.  At this point all the vitamins I take are gummies. Really happy with these.
Love these Elderberry gummies. Whatever I can do to help my immune system during this pandemic is a plus. The taste is pleasant. Vegetarian and GMO free is also a plus.
When I had surgery a few months ago I was unable to put my pillows over my head as I’d grown accustomed to doing. I have a CPAP machine with nose cushion mask and I used the pillows to hold that in place while blocking the light overnight. But that surgery meant I couldn’t use the pillows - I had to sleep on my back and propped a bit for two months. So I got a night mask and have slept all the better ever since. When my wife saw the difference in me she started to sleep with a mask as well - the darker night has made sleep deeper and more recuperative.We each have a mask we love (the same, gotten on Amazon), but we wanted a back up for her so she could wash that one from time to time. I saw this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade and decided to give it a try. I’ll admit - she thought I was off base with the wrap around design - it would not fit or it would be too hot or... but she gave it a try. She loves it!1. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade wraps around the full head. I have a larger head, wearing a LGXL baseball hat. She does not - hers is much smaller. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade fits both of our heads comfortably.2. I have not slept in this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade, but I did try it on with my CPAP nose cushion mask - it does not sit right. I can get it closed and all the way around my head, but I use it (and the purpose is) so as to block out all light. With the CPAP on there is a large gap at the base of the mask where it goes over the nose piece. Unlike other masks I have, I cannot recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade for someone with this type of CPAP.3. The materials are excellent! This is a soft and “luxurious” wrap that feels cool and soft, making for a very comfortable experience. My wife did end up taking it off about halfway through the night, feeling it heated her head too much. To be fair, she has the same issue with pillows, but not with masks that have only the eyes covered with a strap around. I had it on only for a brief time, I felt I could go longer than my wife, but again, needing the CPAP I am unable to use it.4. What we both like is that there is a softening of sound with it on. We use a sound machine to keep nighttime sounds drowned out, but this adds to that - my wife really felt it helped her sleep a little more blocking out additional sound.5. The velcro is easy onoff and it is well attached to the wrap, keeping one from worrying it’ll detach - it’s secure.6. Looks nice. For the ladies, this has a nice, feminine look - my wife says so.As of this writing, my wife loves it - as do I, though it doesn’t allow me to use it - and will use it often. She does take it off it gets hot - but that’s something that she feels is a personal thing. In the end, she’s happy to have it and happy to recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade mask.
UPDATE: After this review the company reached out to me to try and help “make things right” (my phrasing). I appreciate this kind of customer service, told them they did not have to, but if they wanted, the size was not working for meus. They sent my a 23rd version - the kind I do use. It has arrived, looks very similar to the one in the pics for the 34 version, and I tried it in several shoes. I already had my regal shoes set, so tried my dress shoes and 2 pairs of casual. I did eventually find 2 pairs these work with - frustratingly, many of the shoes to not allow me to take out the inserts, so adding anything makes the too tight. But these did work in the two pairs and were fine. So, I appreciate the customer service and that these 23rds inserts do work for me. They are fairly “hard” in that you will feel the support. For my needs it’s fine - I have to have a good level. They fit and did not stretch the shoes like the longer ones did, that too is very helpful. Overall I think these are going to work better for me - I’ve not tried my wife’s shoes yet - so I’m glad they reached out. For their customer service and because I can use them and they give good support, I have increased the original 3 stars to 5. The original review is below.This Plantar Fasciitis Pain Relief Orthotics - Arch Support 34 Insoles is not going to work out for us. I got them for myself, but when they did not work for me, my wife tried them, and they do not work for her either.I also realized: I have 3 sets of 23 inserts that I’ve come to really like. I messed up when getting these - I misread the 34 instead of 23. Therefore, these are longer. Figured I’d give them a try and it would be not much different. It is. The longer set up of the arch support does not work in our shoes.PROS:I like the weight - it is lightweight and does not add to the weight of the shoeI like the bottom - it is actually rather comfortableI like the cushion feelI like the support - overall it seemed like it would be a good level of supportHaving a need for arch support I find that what I need varies from shoe to shoe (pairs). I also use them in a range of shoe types: gym, dress, hiking, etc. So figuring out the type and style of insert isn’t always easy. I use an expensive full insert on my regular shoes - need the consist support. The other side is, I don’t want to pay that much for inserts for certain shoes I only wear from time to time. So, why not move a set of inserts from shoe to shoe? With 23 pairs is it possible and I’ve been successful.Now that I realize the 34 ARE different enough as to alter things - I will not get another pair of 34. They do not work for my shoes.If I could get these in a 23 length I would really like them - I’m pretty sure at least.CONS:At this length they are too wide at the toe end - they actually push out on the sides of the shoes.I do not like where they end under the foot - it feels annoyingIn the end I am not comfortable on and do not like this 34 size. It does not feel comfortable under the foot. And the size at the top end closest to the toes is far too wide. I think what’s weird - compared to other shoes and inserts I have - you can see these are wider. I have “normal” rather than “wide” feet. I tried them in both gym shoes - pushed out visibly on the sides of the material. And on dress shoes - which for men are often shaped into a point - and there too you could these push out. I yanked them out quickly so as not to stretch the leather. These just to not work for me. It’s sad - I did like the feel of my foot in them - under the arch with it’s support - but that was all.
I got this Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape for my wife and I - we have both been sidelined for several months. She severely broke her foot back in November 2020 and I hang a torn hamstring and then last month, surgery for another issue. I knew we’d be needing tape as we were allowed to get back into working out. Primarily I had wanted something for her - this foot break was so bad she was literally off it for 5 months - NO weight. And she loves working out, so I thought having tape would help give her support - and confidence - as she returns. She was finally cleared and has been very slow in building back up what she’s allowed to do. Today she finally was able to jump rope and put enough pressure on it to require the support. She’s very happy with the Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape. First, there are three roles. Second, it comes in pre-cut lengths which were perfect for her. Today she had the whole piece - she used three full stripes at points around her foot. It proved excellent support and made her feel completely safe as she jumped - this is a major step forward for her after such a major break - 2 bones, one almost shattered. So that this Dr.Pedi Kinesiology Tape Bulk Muscle Tape kept her safe and secure is a good thing. Admittedly, she literally is only just back - and I’m still another week from being cleared - but I am so happy she felt safe while she was out there. She did not cut it down - there are the lines so she could have - but the recommendation was keep full pieces for what she needs. The corners are pre-rounded so we are hoping it keeps the corners from peeling too quickly. Again, this was her first time, but so far we are very happy with the outcome.
My wife and I have gotten these types of heel protectors any number of times over the years, but when I saw these I thought I wanted to try - they were thicker and suede - to go in a certain group of shoes. They are slightly bigger than any other heel inserts I’ve ever had. I like this size and the feel and they look like they cover a better area overall within the shoes. Putting the shoes on you do - as with all of them - have to be careful not to pull it off. I suggest a shoe horn. The feel is really nice. It feels thicker and like it gives just that much better padding. You do - again, as always - have to be careful to stick them right from the start or they’re useless - these kinds of things always loose grip if you try to reset. So I peal the back off, fold them in half onto the cushion side, then lightly stick the fold into the part of the heal where I want the center to land. I stick that harder when I’m happy with the placement, then press in one side then the other. So far I’ve been far closer than not with each one. Overall I am very happy with these inserts and will be getting more - not just for my suede shoes, but for all of mine that need grips. We have the regular kind, but these are far better.
The frames were not oversized
These are easy to make and lots of fun too.  Comes with all the ingredients you need to make some nice bath bombs.  The kit not only makes a great gift for any creative person, but you can also make gifts too.
These are cute and whimsical nail files.  You can easily hang them onto a key chain or lanyard and they fold like a pocket knife into the body of the dolphin.  Use as a letter opener or anything else in addition to nail file.
These Digestive Advantage dark chocolate probiotic chews I thought tasted horrible. I tried a couple of times to eat these and just couldn't do it. Sorry!
There are red lights around the entire inside of the collar and an infrared heat coil over the spine in the back segment of the collar. It's easy to open and slide around your neck (which I tend to do from the front or side, then rotate the collar into place) and then short-press the power button on the front outside of the collar to start it. You can long-press to stop it at any time or short-press to cycle through 3 heats levels. The red lights appear to have only one intensity (yes! I wouldn't want them to dim). Even the lowest heat (#1) is pretty toasty, and I'm a gal who normally runs infrared as hot as it goes. After about a minute, it's too hot to press directly against my neck, but the collar design allows me to shift it slightly back and it'll stay that way. Overall, I'm pleased. Most red light devices don't allow good coverage of the neck, but this one does.
This is the Boswellia Serrata variety of Frankincense. I regularly use the Boswellia carteri variety but have had a quality Boswellia serrata many years ago. This doesn't smell like I remember it, though it does smell pleasant. I also have a small bottle of Boswellia serrata from another brand that does smell like I remember. I don't know; this just smells sweet and like a perfume. I'm willing to accept that there might be some frankincense essential oil in this, but I feel doubtful about the claim that's all that in it (especially at $16 for nearly 4 fl. oz., now that I noticed the low pricing). I guess I'll use it as an air fragrance or like they suggest in soaps or bath bombs.
This is a 7 oz bag of USDA Certified Organic maca root. It looks and smells like I expected. It smells and tastes pretty fresh to me.
The device comes with one battery. You unscrew the bottom of the device, put the battery in, and screw it back together. Then you unscrew the top and use the included USB charging cord to charge the battery whenever it's low. A red light next to the USB port indicates charging and green is charged. You screw on the top to use. The button is at one end and the lights at the other. The three LED therapy lights are very small, but they seem quite powerful. They shine brightly through my hand joints. My initial impressions are that this does help with my arthritis inflammation. The light should be used against bare skin and can be held directly against the skin. One of the lights is infrared (heat), so the head can get warm and you may need to let it cool (while off) before continuing to use it. It has 10 minutes before automatic turn-off, and the head only gets mildly warm by the end of that time . The therapy area (lighted area at the end) is 0.75" across, so the downsize is the limited area that you can treat at one time while the advantage is that it's battery-powered portable. The power button sequence is: one press = on, two = off, three = strobe light, four = off. I don't like how fast the strobe light pulses and so will never use it. You never have to see the strobe if you just hit once to turn on and once to turn off (and wait before turning it back on).When placed on a hard surface, the little stand will hold the light pointed where you want it. I see no point to using the stand as distance decreases the penetrating power of the light hitting your skin.
This heating pad only puts out heat along the center columns of rock: about 1" wide x 10.5" long column of rock with a 0.75" space between the columns of rock. There's a 2.5" border around the edges of the pad which doesn't heat and isn't highly flexible. It works ok on your back but can't be used on the tummy unless you're lying flat on your back. The area that gets warm is 15" x 10.5". It works alright in the sense that you plug the pad in, select the temperature and timer length, and it heats up. However, I had the pad on my lap, a pillow on top, and my Kindle on top of that (several inches above the back of the pad). I noticed that the battery power on the Kindle dropped 10% in just a few minutes (which is really, really fast) and I had to reboot the Kindle to fix the battery drain. It seems like the pad messed with my Kindle's battery which makes me wonder what it's doing to me. Natural jade sounds good, but they're using electricity to heat the stones to being with.
You get a jar of solid soap for use on painting brushes. They suggest using this for oil, watercolor, and acrylic paintbrushes that need cleaning. You unscrew the top and rub the wet, dirty brush against the soap to work the soap into the brush. Obviously, you then rinse the brushes. It seems to work fine and seems comparable to the brush soap that I currently use. I allow the soap to dry out before screwing the cap back on.
This bag contains 10.6 ounces of certified organic maca powder. That is the only ingredient. It tastes and smells like I would expect. It seems equal in quality to the other brands that I've tried. Since it's a fine powder, it acts like a fine powder when you're scooping some out or stirring it in. I like the somewhat caramel taste that it adds to my chia puddings.
These are nice for using on your face, but they do not hold enough soap to clean larger parts of the body. The two pads measure 3" x 2.5" and have soft silicone bristles that felt great on my face. You squirt a little liquid soap on these and rub it on a wet face, and the soap suds up nicely and cleans well. The only problem is that soap can get on the other side and make the pad slippery to hold. I just grasp the knob between two fingers (rather than sticking my fingers in the pocket), and then I can keep a pretty good grip.There is also a scrubber that has a sponge inside. You can squirt soap on the sunny face, then squeeze the sponge to create a fine, white foam from the soap. These bristles are a little bit firmer than the pads, but they are still very nice feeling on the face. The reverse side has thicker, stiffer silicone bristles. The sponge is pretty easy to squeeze and pull out of the hole. It dries quickly when removed. The scrubber is a nice size to easily hold and squeeze while using. It is 2 inches tall by 2 inches wide.
While I really like this design in some ways, the sponge is somewhat difficult to remove and replace because it is dense and likewise never seems to dry out because it is so dense. The sponge appears to be made from cellulose. The idea is that you squirt liquid soap onto the side with holes that lead down to the sponge. This creates a reservoir of soap that can be released when you squeeze the sponge. The soft silicone bristles feel nice on the skin. There is a slit in the bottom of the silicone casing where you can pull the sponge out. I initially tried hanging this bath brush in an airy spot with the sponge inside, but the sponge hadn't dried at all after 24 hours. I pulled the sponge out and put it in an airy spot, but it still took two days to dry out. So, if you use this every day, it's never going to dry out and will probably start to mold.I like the size as it is easy for me to hold while using. The side that doesn't have holes has projections that are a little stiffer and rougher, presumably get rid of dead skin or stubborn dirt. There is a loop for hanging or to put over your wrist when using it. The scrubber can be used without the sponge by squirting the soap on the bristles, but the scrubber doesn't hold its shape well without the interior sponge and so is more difficult to hold. I'm thinking of trying to find a softer, easier to squeeze sponge that might fit in this. The main body of the scrubber is 5" long by 3" wide by 1.75" deep. Made in China.
This bottle contains 120 softgels and each softgel contains 2000 IU of vitamin D3 in extra-virgin olive oil. The softgels are small in size and so are pretty easy to swallow. If you choose to chew the softgel, it does not taste bad. The softgel capsule is made of bovine gelatin, glycerin, and water. They are self certified as non-GMO, and I appreciate any product that is non-GMO.
I've never used anything like this before, so my dissatisfaction may simply be user error. I'll try it again and update if I get it to work well, but they say to only use it twice a week for no more than 5 minutes, so it may take weeks to figure out what works. I got this when I had a blackhead that's not on my face only to learn that this is only supposed to be used on the face on skin that is not thin. So I decided to try it on my nose and around my mouth, where it tends to get greasy and clogged. Though my skin was left red with increased circulation, I didn't see any pus in the chamber.There are five suction heads to choose from, and the directions detail why you would choose one over the other. They also describe how to use the different heads most effectively. The heads are easy to snap on and pull off. They included several sponges that you put between the section head and the vacuum to catch any pus, and these sponges are washable and reusable. To clean after use, you remove the head and the sponge and clean them.I got a washcloth steaming with hot water and held it over my chin to nose like they suggested to help enlarged pores. I then dried off the area (as they don't want any water suctioned into the machine) and immediately started using the machine on the preset vacuum level. I thought it was level 3, but it turns out it was only level 2 out of 5. Still, this seem pretty strong to me. You run the vacuum head over the area, lift, and repeat for 1 to 2 minutes. The head also has tiny LED red and blue lights that shine at your face while you're doing this.You long-press the power button to turn the power on and off, but short-press it to change between blackhead vacuum mode, cold compress mode, and hot compress mode. There is also a button to change the vacuum speed. The cold compress reaches its coolest temperature (20°C68°F) very quickly, and you're supposed to use this on an area that has just been vacuumed to help close the pores. I feels pleasantly cool. The hot compress is supposed to reach a temperature between 38°C and 42°C (or 100.4°F to 107.6°F). It got up to 31°C then started dropping, then it turned off automatically. This was not warm enough to do anything but feel pleasantly warm. I don't see how it could help open pores when hot steam didn't noticeably work.
This package contained two household chore gloves (one with the cotton lining, one without a lining). They're of the large size. I usually wear women's large size, and these fit well. They were easy to pull on and off, including the one that did not have cotton lining on the inside. They fit close enough and are flexible enough that I could do chores that require some dexterity. The gloves cover your hand, wrist, and part of the lower arm. I'm very pleased with these as I usually have trouble finding gloves that fit well, are easy to get on, and don't provoke my latex allergy.
This package came with two silk sleep masks and a pair of foam ear plugs. One sleep mask is black on both sides and the other has purple on one side and black on the other.  The fabric is smooth and soft against the skin. The elastic band that holds the mask on is doubled over and is adjusted by sliding the fastener (rather than with a bulky snap or velco closure). I find this closureadjustment method more comfortable than my current sleep mask. The mask is thick enough to block light, and the mask does narrow (as in, has a "cut out") in the nose area for a somewhat better fit. But there is no molding or pillowed area to hold the mask above your eyes or fill the gap created between the cheek and the nose, so light does get under the mask. The mask lies directly against my eyelashes, and I don't really care for that. The stitching is neat.The mask measures 8.5" across by 4" high (or 3.5" high where it dips up at the nose area). The elastic can be adjusted between about 8" to 15" of length, for a total mask + elastic length of 16.5" to 23.5".
This 8 ounce bag of Maca powder is organic and non-GMO. It tastes like I expected from past experience. It has a plastic, teaspoon size serving scoop included inside the bag. I mix it into my smoothie because it adds a butterscotch taste. I have no problem mixing it in to thicker foods like smoothies or cereal and have not tried mixing it into juice or water.
I appreciate that this Noni fruit powder is certified organic and non-GMO. It appears that the only ingredient is the Noni fruit. The powder does not have a strong taste, but I usually use it in a green drink or fruit smoothie. It stirs in fine. They include a small, plastic 2 g serving scoop (about a teaspoon). In this 8 ounce sized package, there are about 114 scoops, so the powder will last for a while. Seems to be a good quality product.
This is a 8 ounce bag of powdered Amla (Amalaki). They included a 1 teaspoon plastic scoop in the resealable bag and suggest 1 scoop mixed into juice or smoothies. I've been using 12 tsp a day in my smoothies (using a different brand) for over a year. This Amla powder was what I was expecting in terms of what it looks and tastes like. It's USDA Certified Organic, Vegan, gluten-free & non-GMO. I'm pleased with this product.
To my surprise, it really does work.  I have this little shaver that goes through AAA batteries pretty quickly, so I put the batteries into the device and plugged it in.  Three days later, the 'renewing' light blinked out (i.e. the battery was renewed), so I tried the batteries out and they are working like new.  It was very easy to use, too.  If you use a lot of AA or AAA batteries, I'd highly recommend this ReNu It Battery Renewer.Update: I found that if I didn't immediately use the renewed batteries, they would start leaking.  So either don't leave the renewed batteries sitting around unused or get normal rechargable batteries (which is the option I've finally ended up going with).
I like this Twix-flavored protein.  The collagen powder in this protein product really does help with the granularity, but it does mean that a blender rather than a fork or spoon is your mixing tool of choice.  It's very smooth when made, and it has a good enough flavor on it's own that you won't need to supplement your supplement drink with anything, but like most chocolate products, a little banana or peanut butter goes a long way towards making this more of a shake and less of a drink.No matter how you like it though, I think you'll find it's good.
The big question - can you tell it's fish oil? Not really.  It's orange flavored, which does a good job of masking the taste, and you really can't tell that they're fish by nature.  Not saying that they're a perfect orange flavor - there's something undefinable about the taste that is just a little odd, but if I told you they were gummy candies, you probably wouldn't bat an eyelash.  Decent Omega-3 content, and if you don't like the pill version of fish oil, this will work quite well.
These little nail buffers are not just for doing nails! They are great for all sorts of projects & hobbies. They are just like the larger foam sanding blocks that you can get at Lowes or Home Depot, but much smaller (3.75" x 1") . So you can have very granular control. However, be warned, they are pretty abrasive. 60 grit on one side & 100 on the other. So NOT for fine sanding. Overall, a great deal for this large pack of sanding blocks.
Doesn't dissolve.  I followed the directions from the online description.  Package did not come with instructions.  Could not see my using it to gift!
My second purchase.  Every two years like clockwork, I needs to renew my transformer.  No more service alls.  This 75 yr old grandma can do it herself!  Reasonable priced.  Quick, professional delivery.  Perfect fit!
It works fine when your banana fits. But beware that the ribs do not allow it to flex more than a few degrees (contrary to what I assumed from the photos), so if your banana's curvature doesn't fit the narrow limits of the molded shape, you are out of luck. Also, really long bananas will not fit.One thing that is not apparent from the photo is that both ends are open, which is a good thing for airflow, and to let the stem stick out, saving internal space.
I have tried a few different facial scrubs and was very disappointed in this one.  I have another tube of "scrub" similar to this one that I refuse to use.  I will be purchasing my favorite REAL scrub when my current tube is nearly out.  It is about half gone now so it shouldn't be too long.  What I like about MY facial scrub is that it has plenty of "scrubbies" in the paste that I put on my face.  That way I can get all the dry, flaky skin off my face, clearing the way for new, clean skin to be washed with a gentle soap and then moisturized with a light facial oil.  I have dry skin as I am older - I don't have "dual" skin with oily and dry patches.  I have dry skin, period.  The "scrubbing granules" in my favorite facial scrub ensures that all the old skin is gone.  This product is so wimpy - it has barely anything scrubby in the paste meaning I would need to use about half the tube just to get enough scrubbies on my face to get rid of the dead, dry skin on my face (especially on my forehead and around my nose).  Just not worth it for my particular skin.
I'm older and have some recurring pains - my right shoulder is the worst.  It is part of carpal tunnel syndrome from typing most of my life.  Some days my right shoulder feels like concrete has been poured in the joints, making my shoulder heavy and hard to move (plus painful).  I place a pad on the front, just above my armpit and then one pad on the back, usually around the outer edge of the shoulder blade.  I could attach two more pads, but usually two is enough.  I then choose a pattern, strength and time and let the TENS unit do the rest.  The electrical charge that passes aroundthrough the muscle mass in that area does help to ease the stiffness and pain.  I can't say how much this helps me - all I can say is that it DOES help and is a great way to relieve pain without using drugs.
This is vanilla and it isn't bad, but I found it to be somewhat grainy and that's even blending it in a smoothie.  Still, I am in my 60s and don't think I get the protein I should have in a day, so having a tablespoon on yogurt or in what I call a "tea smoothie" (ice, tea, milk and some of this powder), I feel I'm boosting my intake and keeping me healthier.  It's not bad - just a bit grainy to me.  Maybe others would not find it grainy - it really is something each person has to decide on their own.
And I'm no kid any more!  I've tried traditional massagers - the electric ones and those manual roller kind and they don't work for me.  I have very sensitive soles - one would think after 6 decades I would have some tough, leather foot soles, but no, they are extremely tender and sensitive to just about everything.  I do have a regular foot bath massager that's okay because I do put epsom salts in it and fill with very warm water and let it "jiggle" my feet for a while and I always have a big towel handy to dry off my feet...then I have to wrestle that full of water massager to the sink to dump it out, clean it out and let it sit out to dry before storing it...nice, but a pain, right?  This foot steamer is still large like all foot massagers of any type are, but what was nice is the small amount of water used so that didn't add weight to the unit that I had to deal with afterwards - big plus!  The steaming I tried on medium first...as I said, I have fairly tender, sensitive soles and the medium steam was warm to my feet, but not uncomfortable.  I'd not tried a foot steamer before and was surprised at how it made not just my feet but ME feel - relaxed and much more comfortable than I had been when I started.  I just wish it could use essential oils or the special teas made for (body) steamers as I think that would be a boost to how my feet felt after using it, but that's just a thought...all in all, I love this foot steamer.
I seem to have a problem with fatigue.  I am older and I can be sitting for an hour and start yawning to the point I nearly fall asleep.  I can get up and move around a little which does wake me up for a few minutes, but if I sit back down the yawning starts again.  I've taken these drops for three days now and have not had the yawningsleepy problems like before.  Not sure if I "use up" B vitamins more quickly or what, but a couple of squirts of this raspberry flavored liquid and I'm good for several hours!  It is a bit sweet, but considering I'm only taking a little and the flavor disappears fairly quickly, I'm okay with it.  If you suffer from fatigue, these drops may help you, too - they sure are working for me!
I am not all that happy with liquid detergents and when I first found a detergent "strip" that I could tear off of a set of four and throw in my washing machine, I was hoping for a good result.  And they work great!  I saw this one and figured I'd try a different brand and these work great as well!  I love that they are small and non-messy, easily stored and if I was going RV-ing and needed to wash clothes, these are easier to take into a laundromat - don't even have to take the box.  Just grab one or two depending on how many clothes you need to wash (in 1 or 2 machines) - so much easier than dragging around a bottle of liquid detergent or paying an exorbitant amount of money for one of those tiny ones at the laundromat.  Maybe these aren't for everybody, but for me, they work great to clean my clothes and are much easier to store and use.
Negative ion necklace - interesting idea and figured I'd try it.  So far it seems to make a difference.  Maybe not a huge difference yet, but I have noticed that I am more awakealert.  See, I'm in my 60s and I often will feel tired and if I am sitting, it's very easy for me to close my eyes and fall asleep just that fast.  With this necklace, it seems to help me resist falling asleep like that.  Maybe there are other benefits, but that's the one I have noticed.
But for what they are, these have packaging that is quite different than what I'm used to.  I mean, most tissues are short, squat rectangular boxes or more square, upright boxes.  Of course there are the little disposable ones that women like me carry in their purses, but I've not had any that are in a tube before.  I love that I can store one in the car by using a drink holder - so much easier than rooting in my purse for a tissue when I feel a sneeze coming on!  The packaging itself is pretty, me being a girly-girl kind of person, I do appreciate the colors and plants on it.  The tissues themselves are sturdy and soft enough that I feel confident that even when reaching for one to contain one of my "big" sneezes (that I do have more often than I would like), I don't worry that the tissue might suffer a "crack" in keeping my explosive sneeze contained.  The only thing I noted here is that the cost is a bit high, but for a tube of tissues that fits well in the car, it is worth the price, at least to me.
This is very small!  Now, I put this in my bedroom as I wanted to see if it would bother me at night and whether or not it would work to clean the air.  I do have sinus issues and for some reason, at night, my nose will clog up and then I'll get up, blow my nose, lay back down, breathe easy for a while, then clog up again.  I am assuming I have some dust or other allergen in the air that's bothering me.  After plugging this in and setting it where I wanted on the table next to my bed, the sound is very quiet and for several nights in a row, while using this air purifier, I did find that my nose didn't clog up nor did I have to get up to blow my nose during the night.  Does that mean this machine is working?  I would have to say yes since it is the only thing that changed in my room for those nights.  I will try it in the kitchen the next time I burn something and create some lingering smoke in the room.  I'm very curious to see if it works like their video shows.  Based on its use in my bedroom, I would say this air purifier works very well.
I wore these to work hoping they would provide my left ankle with the bracing it needs as I suffer from an old tendon tear that flares up when I do a great deal of walking andor when the weather is extremely hot (or if there is a quick shift in the weather).  I tore the tendon that runs along the outside of my left foot - and when I say tore, I literally heard a CRACK when it tore.  It was so loud and such a "crisp" sound, I thought I'd broken a bone.  Anyway, it took a very long time to heal and because it is a tendon, it did not heal back "the same as new."  It hurts and feels as if it could give way when the weather is muggy hot and when I've walked quite a bit.  I mention this because that's why I ordered this "brace" for my left ankle.  And again, I wore these to work and while they are like wearing compression socks which are better than nothing on my foot, they have to bracing effect.  I even had kinseology tape wrapped around that ankle as well.  Ah well.  Short compression socks with my toes free are fine.
I just moved back to an area where I'm close to an old and very dear friend that I kept in touch with for all the years I lived far away, so now that I'm near, I wanted to give her something that she would enjoy and I know how much she enjoys a long, leisurely bath - a no-brainer to get bath bombs then!  This is a beautiful set that I know she will be happy to receive and thrilled to use once she can lock the bathroom door (kids...they always want to bother mom when she's trying to get a little me time!) and relax for a time.  I love these - for her (and others) - but I can't take baths any longer as I have health issues that make it difficult for me to get out of the bathtub from that position.  I don't envy those who can take a bath - I know my friend will enjoy the bath bombs just as I would If I could!
I made spaghetti this evening and thought, let's try a spoonful of the beet powder in the spaghetti.  I figured I could eat the spaghetti even if the beets changed it too much because spaghetti sauce is spicy and can hold its own.  The sauce did, in fact, hold its own, but man did my sauce get red!!!  The flavor was good, I even took 18 teaspoon of the powder, added a bit of water and ate it straight.  It has a hint of sweetness but with that small amount, I didn't taste any "big" flavor to the powder.  I have some frozen strawberries and milk and will try a bit of the beet powder in a smoothie, but I can already tell, it's gonna be really red!!!  Definitely worth a try - I always wanted to like beets as a side dish, but just never acquired a taste for them.  Powdered and added to other foods works for me!
Coverage is Good,
THese taste HORRIBLE.  They have an oragano flavor that is just gross in a gummy.  They are cubed shaped as well so swallowing them whole is a chore.  I'm sure they work well enough, but I just could not get past the flavor.  Maybe I got a bad batch or something, but too gross for my tastes.
Our doctor recommends we take a daily Vit D supplement as we see so little sunshine in the winter months.  He said there is a direct correlation to seasonal depression disorder and Vit D intake.  These taste great and are easy to chew and swallow.  They work well and we actually feel the difference after just a week.  3 Pack should last us all winter long.
This is a great cleaner for getting stickers and what not off of flat or slightly curved surfaces.  The included razor scraper makes very quick work or any stubborn stickers.  We used it to remove registration stickers in the cars, and to remove some old vinyl clings from some windows.  Scraper holds the blades firmly and prevents slips and accidental cuts.
These scrubber body brushes are soft and work great for working up a lather.  They are super flexible and gentle on the skin.  We even tried on out on the dogs (short hair) at bath time.  It did a great job of removing loose hair and dirt.  They rinse clean and dry off in a snap.  I would not use them on longer hair as they would probably tangle
This is a super heavy duty set of nail clippers.  The tip is long and curved and works great for getting those ingrown nails.  The clippers are super sharp and cut nearly effortlessly. There are double springs for use with either hand,  The handles are very padded and very comfortable to use.  These will cut even the thickest grossest nails imaginable.  Even the cover is well thought out and protects the tips from damage.
I put these in a pair of cheap slip on shoes.  They are easy to cut to size and fit perfectly.  They are super comfortable and converted a pretty horrible pair of shoes into a a super comfortable pair.  So far they are holding up very well and have not skid around at all.  It does take a couple hours of walking for these to "mold" to your foot shape, but once they are broken in they remain super comfortable.  Great inserts.
I have used Gold Bond products for years.  Every one of them has been a winner and this is no exception.  I get those itchy summer dry skin patches that are so annoying.  I hate using lotion when it is hot (it just makes me fell sweaty and gross).  I have this a try and let magic all those itchy spots went away within 2 days.  The spray is refreshing and cooling and leaves no gross sticky residue.  I use it daily and have not had any issues. It also helps prevent sweaty chaffing when I'm out working hard in the hot sun.  Another winning product from Gold Bond.
This is a great shaver for woman.  Easy to use and waterproof for use in the shower.  Holds a charge well and recharges in just a couple hours.  Very easy to clean and no nicks or cuts.  Gives a very close shave, and no razor burn or bumps. Great for legs and armpits and any other areas you may need to shave.
We used this on our work shoes.  It works pretty good and being all natural it is gentle on the shoes (and any residue should not effect the feet).  Make sure to read the directions as they are hilarious!  Effects of the spray last about a week but we have tried other sprays and they usually don't even last a week.  Do make sure to rest for color safe fabric as this could potentially spot or stain a shoe (we didn't have any issues).
I put these in my work sneakers and really like them a lot.  The are easy to use and easy to trim to the perfect size.  They are very comfortable and don't cause my feet to sweat too bad (a walk 8 to 10000 steps a day at work so I'm on my feet and lot).  They also stay put hen I take my sneakers off.  They have made my ratty old sneakers feel like new ones.  They do really form to your feet and are very comfortable all day long.
I have some spider veins that cause some issues.  I get little knots or bruises that cause a lot of paint until the swelling goes down.  I started taking this a week ago and it has greatly reduced the problem and has started to clear up the spider veins (yes I saw a doctor-  he said try a vein health supplement lol).  This supplement combined with my weight loss workout routine is really helping my issue.  No side effects and no issue with these capsules.
This is a great set of glass files.  Super sharp and smooth to leave an outstanding finish on your nails.  Works very quickly and leaves such a smooth clean edge it is almost like you never even cut and filed them.  These also don't clog like traditional files do.  I know professional manicurist use glass files to produce  super results and these produce those same result.  Love that these can be washed off and no worries about rusting.  With proper care these should last a lifetime.
These are really well made and nice tight toothbrush heads.  Love the cover that comes with them to keep foreign matter off them.  These did not fit either of our brushes but we made them work for the most part.  Soft bristles are comfortable to use and gentle enough on the gums.  easy to clean and keep fresh.
This is a great gummy to use to help prevent colds.  They also help with shorting the duration of a cold and reducing the symptoms.  I have used Vitamin C and Zinc for years and I get very few colds and the ones I get are minor and don't last for very long.  These are easy to chew up and taste good.  No side effect issues.  Really good to take daily during cold season to hopefully avoid the cold completely.
These are really nice gift boxes.  Very fancy and can be used for any occasion.  Super easy to set up and the kids gold down nice.  Add a little tissue paper and your really ready for any small gift giving need.  Love the shiny color that is really suitable for any occasion.
I tried this out right away on some wood handle knives we have.  Absorbed in quick and really conditioned the very dry wood (they go through to dishwasher which is horrible to do to any knife let a lone a wood handled).  Seems to leave a finish on the wood that should work to protect it from water.  Super easy to use and no bad odor.  Love the food safe aspect and I'm going to use this on the wooden cider press I have.  Great product.
I like this therapy roll on.  The smell is great and despite not having any lemon oil it smells like lemon to me (Grapefruit and lime bergamot are the citrus scents in this plus a fir and peppermint).  I tried it out when I had a slight migraine and it didn't help but it also didn't make it worse.  I don't think it was designed for headaches so I'm going to give it a go on a non headache day and see if it helps with mood and alertness.  I like the smell a lot and expect it will help somewhat with mood improvement.
These scrubbers are great for all your dish washing needs.  The sponge scrubber combo is perfect for most hand washed dishes.  Really gets the baked on food loosened and removed.  The sponge side works great for more delicate jobs.  If you have really baked on stubborn dishes the steel scrubber makes quick easy work of the mess.  So far these have held up really well.
This is a really nice size balloon.  We didn't have any helium handy so we just filled it with air.  Inflates easy and held the air overnight so no issues there.  Great for kids birthday parties.  I checked with a local store and they will fill the balloon for use for a nominal charge (they said $1.99 same as if we bought the balloon at the store).  Great fun balloon.
These are actually really tasty.  I use them for a quick breakfast on a busy day and honestly they keep me full until lunch.  I also like these for those exhausting workout sessions.  Perfect for and all day hike also.  Taste is like a peanut butter cup with a smooth chew texture.  Easy to break into 1 hour portions if your on a grueling day and want to portion this out.  Great protien content and calorie ratio.  This is a real winner
the wife broke her left ankle and was booted but was now walking with a limp. This boot helped level her stance out and made it easier to walk, Kudos!!
My mother loves these drinks a little too much. It’s becoming a problem. 👀 She has CKD so they’re **very beneficial for her. This order consisted of (24) 8 oz cartons.
Very thin plates and very small. Smaller than usual dessert plates. Napkins are also tiny. It did have a nice price point which makes it manageable.
So soft! Softer than regular tissues. Material is durable and strong. They absorb nicely and use less tissues than other brands. I like to keep these in every room for my allergies.
Bought this in a deal. It’s lightweight and many sound options. Volume doesn’t go as loud as I would like for the kids. Feels very cheap and won’t last long.
Nice taste and arrived fast.
This is great but I suggest getting on and off a few times and take the average.. also check where it is in the beginning to make sure it is at 0. It is nice for a cheap scale.
This multipack is only a little bit more than the price my eye doctor charges for ONE dose.
If you are doing tooth gems you MUST get etchen, flowable composite, resin and an LED curing light.
Gift for anyone who needs encouragement and hope in these troubling and calculating times.
These are really nice maracas. Off to order another pair!
Didn't mean to order this, but I'm glad I did. Works as advertised. I like that it folds around my straighter too. Chi approved:)
Mine was grey and had small white discoloration in the color on top but not worried about it. Holds plenty of weight and is a good height for a vanity seat. Like that it's versatile as a shower stool.
These are so great for your newly potty trained kids...when they can’t quite wipe clean with regular TP.
Bought this to help with bruising after surgery and I think it worked a bit but I didn’t use it more than a week or so, and I also used ice so I’m not sure.
We use these in our front room as a border for the entryway too keep it separated for our kid.  Cool looking, soft, they look great, and she'll be able to play with them later on.
I’ve really neglected my skin during all of this Covid stuff with nearly no skin routine (other than washing), and I feel it’s taken a toll on my brightness, texture and hydration. Meaning, I now look dull, rough and dry—definitely room for improvement.This toner helps slough off the dry skin, but also rejuvenates my new layer of skin hiding underneath. Followed with a good moisturizer, my skin gets a healthy glow. My skin doesn't feel irritated or over-treated. I can’t wait to see how things turn out with continued use. The price and quality are great!
I love the brand (and its concept), but this detangler is more of a shine-enhancer -- instead of helping with the gnarly knots my kiddo gets in her fine, curly hair, it just made it feel weird and gunky. I'm not sure if it's the protein used, but it has an odd texture and doesn't leave her hair silky by any means. It smells great and is natural, so that's a plus. Just didn't do the job it suggested by the product name (de-tangler).
I am always hoping to find something to curb my appetite.  I did not notice any change while using these.
I purchased 4 of these from amazon after I purchased one for our 4 month old at a boutique and our big kids fell in love with them and begged me to get them each one!! We have the pink, purple, tealgreen, tealblue, and the orangeyellow! They are all so cute and feel so good!! Also they work great for cradle cap!
XXL is BARELY large enough (I'm 6'7"), but even so, it DOES physically encourage my back and shoulders toward proper alignment.I had concerns about the smell, Vender reached out to me and explained that it WILL dissipate. The dissipation may take longer if it's left in a colder environment (such as my garage in winter).
Vegetable glycerin used in food applications is USP grade or over 99% pure and has a sweet taste. Vegetable glycerin metabolizes differently than sugar and is used in low carbohydrate foods for sweetness and moisture. Unlike sugar, glycerin does not contribute to tooth decay.Many household products, including lotions, shampoo, and toothpaste, contain vegetable glycerin. Glycerin is added to these products because it is a humectant; a substance that attracts moisture to the skin. In the cosmetic world, this has two practical applications. First, glycerin leaves your skin hydrated. Glycerin soap, for example, is popular for that very reason. Second, for cosmetic products that deliver an active ingredient, a humectant can increase the solubility of the active ingredient, making it more easily absorbed by the skin.I personally use this glycerin to make my own soap. I love it!I also love the price. I will be buying again and again.
Fit fine, hard brush heads.  Kids love them and they are the right size.
There's less static than other stuff I've tried (cloth sheets, dryer balls, etc), but there's still a ton of static in my laundry.Not sure if maybe I need two of them. Kinda pricey so I'll have to wait to get another in the future.
As advertised. Great price. Easy way to boost fiber intake.
I bought several of these to have our crew test them out, and they are indeed the genuine article for a few dollars less than our regular supplier (plus they come in a nice case). Once opened, and unfurled, I couldn't tell them apart from our first batch of authentic bandages.  They are well manufactured, and work exactly as they should in our numerous drills.  When we need more for our trauma & first aid kits, we'll be sure to stock these.
I needed affordable cases for my shooting glasses, that were a bit more substantial than the pouches that usually come with the glasses.  They need to survive being tossed around my range bags, gun cabinet, backpacks and cars.  My , , and  fit into the case perfectly.  The don't rattle around inside, and are held firmly in place.  The zipper is easy to open and close, and the whole case feels like quality materials - remarkable, considering the value price of the case.  I'm glad I picked up this case, and will be sure to order a few more for the rest of my protective shooting glasses, and sunglasses.
I bought this to store my colored sequins as I am a crafter.  The compartments close well and stay closed till you open them.  Perfect for my use!  And, they would be perfect for medications as the compartments are roomy.
It's perfect. I love it,  it's sturdy and very good looking. I had bought a very inexpensive folding cane that was noisy...
Works OK, spring seems to stretch out after time.
GOOD PRODUCT BUT WRONG PRICE==ONE OF THESE AT WALMART IS 95 CENTS
These bars literally make you forget you're eating them for energy.  They taste more like a snack food, but they work wonders.  The variety pack is a great way to try new flavors too.
Ok to use with adult supervision in case kids wanted to step on. Fragile cause glass!!!
This is great to get that extra blood flow going and definitely more affordable then some of the other brands. If you play sports or engage in high activity I highly recommend this product. I use for weights and jogging. L Arginine is always a good supplement to use.
I work nights and sleep days so it is hard to sleep when the sun is up, even with light blocking drapes. I have used silk masks but they feel weird and one size does not fit all comfortably.The eye cups make it easier for the mask to rest on my face comfortably. The adjudtable band is neat! Had a sinus headache the first sleep so i had it loose, made a world of difference. I even took a nap yesterday and just laid it across my eyes and due to the eye cups it didn't fall off, well until I rolled over! LOLGood investment, happy so far!
Exactly as advertised.  Easy to use.  Works well.
My only wish would be an easy-opening two-level lip.
Very impressed with this item well worth the price
Great support stockings, will buy again. Great price, fast ship.Thank you.
works well on most surfaces !
I ended up gifting this. However, the recipient was overjoyed.
It's a bit of a mess of cords and such, but it makes the flight box wonderful to use compared to batteries. I don't even use the batteries any more unless I'm mobile. Very nice. Using it lightly for 3 months, no problems or breaks so far.
Tangles after a while.
works out good for me not quite the one I wanted but it will do.i carry a portable tank of oxygen with me and it fits down in there perty good.
After many years on a duty belt my old mask and glove case gave up this replacement was reasonably priced and fit extra gloves and mask without issues
Seems to put more of a strain on the Oral B .to move the brushes ,than the factory Brushes.  I think I well go backto the Oral B.
iron and washed well
They come in a bag and the case, very pleased
My bottle arrived without a lid. Pretty unhappy about that because now I can’t carry it with me in my bag due to it possible getting the spray nozzle knocked off or broke or causing it to leak. The product works but I don’t understand how it could be shipped just thrown into a bubble mailer with no lid and nothing to keep it from leaking.
increased all my alkalines uses by 50-150%
great product, a bit expensive, but works well
This sweet little tool serves not only to pick up ferrous objects (up to about three pounds) but also lighting your way as you go. The light has to be turned on by twisting the knurled bands at the tip. There is a sticker on the end that says &#34;magnetic&#34; but I removed that to get more light. The only gripe I have is that the telescoping handle doesn't seem all that sturdy so if you are at the maximum pick up weight do not try to hoist the prodigal part up as if you were hauling tuna onboard. Lifting it straight up would be best.
You can tell the difference in quality during the pandemic. Will see if the prices come down when things return to normal. Gotta love supply and demand without morales!
Good alternative to sealvac short term freezer storage.
Good grease containers for the weekend warrior. Keep it away from heat source prior to use.
Good to have for large bandage backups.
Good to have for topical minor cuts.
Great cleaner for all metal only surfaces!
Good product seeing how it is Advanced rather than Complete. Felt like bait and switch but not worth the hassle of returning!
Great task lighting with two slightly different settings. Adjustable for most positions next to a chair. hope the replacement bulb is reasonable when necessary.
Most sunshine lamps will burn out.  There is an exception, the model sold by Amazon.com known as Lights of America desk lamp.The Lights of America sunshine desk lamp last almost forever.  It is well made.The good thing about Verilux lamps is they are guaranteed for 3 years under warranty.The other brands inexpensive or high cost will eventually burn out.  Maybe in 3 months.  Maybe within 2 years.According to other reviews, and the company itself Verilux will replace their products.So although you may be paying more, it is well worth it.  Avoid the cheap lamps on Ebay or Amazon.com.If you need a floor lamp get the Verilux.
A friend let me try this and encouraged me to buy some and try it for some days, which I did. It tasted very good, but the only effect that I am aware of is that I became flushed right after drinking it. This led me to believe that I am allergic to something in the ingredients. No sense putting the adrenals to work on that!
Maybe a dozen years ago, a ChiropractorClinical NutritionistKinesiologist in a holistic practice told me she thought that my body needed a metal detox. She sent me to someone who could make a further determinationevaluation about this. I was actually asked to do a Heavy Metal Detox! A key part of this was using Chlorella. I recently had two MRIs where they used Gadolinium as a contrast imaging agent. I shudder at the thought of injecting metal into my body, but the odds were against me with this one. I immediately began a metal detox and this is the Chlorella I used. I had this woman test me for this. She was able to tell me that the Gadolinium did not weaken me and said the Chlorella was something my body wanted (it strengthened my body). She was also pleased of the purity that this product claims. She knows that there have been problems in the past with other companies. So, hopefully, this is a quick undo of a nasty procedure. She also recommended  to me, which has worked well for detoxing in other patients. She said my body wanted this as much as the Chlorella.
A friend of mine who worked at a car dealership highly recommended this. He said it's the best, that they used it all the time. I can't argue with him about that! This 12-Pack was a very economical purchase.
These Reader Cases are almost impossible to find in stores. They are very well-made, softly lined and durable. They are far from too bulky to carry in your pocket. They are the right size for my half-eye  readers. Even though these are cheap glasses, they need some protection when carrying them around.
They don't have alot of peanut butter flavor but, they're tasty. Considering the carb count and the amount of protein, I definitely would buy them again, perhaps the lemon bar flavor. They have a good lemon taste.
I liked the concept and I had high hopes. The bubbled side was useless and the bristles side was almost as useless. Very soft on the body so it pretty much glides all around and doesn’t actually scrub, slough, massage or clean. It depends on the person’s needs but the product is definitely not for me. Also, thick creamy body wash like Dove just gets stuck on the bottom of  the grooves and doesn’t suds up nor easily rinse clean. I didn’t try with more liquid body wash.Wish I could return it.
Thank You.
I have flat eye lashes, I even have a few that are haywire. I even had eyelid surgery to help but still had the problem of eyelashes blocking my vision. This is by far the best product I have found that actually helps. The more you use it the better it trains them. Would highly recommend this!
Definitely recommend  !  Absolutely a must have for sore muscles.
Good price. Easy to use. Provides a deep clean for my appliances.
Nice chair - with all the massage equiptment it is not as plush as I expected, but it's okay. It is a little in the small side so beware.
I AM NO LONGER WORKING I.N HOSPITAL BUT I USE IN A FREE CLINIC  FOR HUMANS AND ANIMALS
I  LIKE THIS BUT HANDLE NEEDS TO BE 4 INCHES  LONGER ...
Can't use, caused burning sensation like nettles.
Their orange cream flavor tastes so much better.
This scale is perfect-I ordered and received it almost faster than if I purchased at a king size pharmacy or some such....inexpensive with fast delivery-less spent than if l had to drive to purchase-AND- the BEST PART is the product is accurate and well made!! BUY ONE-you will be pleased!
Have tried so many things for my heels with improvement.  This stuff?  Just about the best thing ever and works like a charm.  Buy it, you won't regret it.  Highly recommend.
Bought this for a good friend of mine.  She loves it. Works much better than she expected and she said it leaves her hair nice a shiny and not stick straight.
They're ok. Pleasant smell. My kids think they're fun. However, they are super slow to fizz. They just kind of sit there and dissolve. I'm assuming that's due to the fact that according to the box they're expired.
Easy to hold and use. Doesn’t take a lot to get a smooth finish. Easy to use wet or dry. Love that they are labeled.
so far i really like it.  the seller sent an email on what to do when the brush arrives and how to care for the brush.  so far no hair has fallen out.  I really like it.  only problem is that the brush is just a little thick to easily use it with the Perfecto  brush standit has been a bit over a week now, and I love the brush.  it is way better than the cheap ones I've had before
These glasses are very nice and good quality.  The other Spring Runway set I got were junk but these sunglasses were great.
Great nail file.  The &#34;sand&#34; doesn't rub off.  This is good quality.
So far, so good.  I have worn this for a few days and have felt an improvement in my left heel where previously I had much pain.  I hope the improvement lasts.
I usually order the Vicks puff tissue but I orders the wron one by accident
I bought this to add to paint for dying Sola wood flowers. Works great
Have used so many stain removers having cats with upset stomachs and one diabetic who &#34;went&#34; everywhere. This works as efficiently as PetZyme, Nature's Miracle and a few others we have tried. We used this on previously soiled areas and for the most part stains were lifted. Laying down damp towels, waiting overnight and all that hassle doesn't work very well for us, so I grade based on an initial application, sit a few minutes and clean up. It does do well. Don't get me wrong, I do recommend this product, as it does work.I think it is important to note that it caused an irritation when I knelt down to clean up multiple spots; though not recognized immediately. Both of my knees showed a reaction the following day and has been hard to clear. This may only be relative to sensitive skin types, but do be careful if you're rolling up your sleeves and diving into a big job. It could be just me, but thought it worth mentioning.Recommended, and has a pleasant smell. Of course, some spots are going to require a repeat visit and nothing, no matter how great it claims to be, is subject to the condition of the spot being treated.
Very fast delivery!Strong and durable. At 4 mils not too thin and not too thick. I am using these to organize my many jewelry beads and stones, most of which are still in the mailers. I expect to reduce my storage needs significantly.
Very fast delivery!Strong and durable. At 4 mils not too thin and not too thick. I am using these to organize my many jewelry beads and stones, most of which are still in the mailers. I expect to reduce my storage needs significantly.
Turns your finger green after a couple of days even if you don't get it wet! Not worth the money OR the hassle of returning it!
Horrible!!! Never got it wet and it turned my finger green in 2 days!! Not worth the hassle returning it. I regret having g one on the way for a friend!!! I'm not giving it to her!
This is hreat if u have someone who udes a urinal alot and can not empty ot on the own.
I have previously reviewed this item from this or some other seller and am reviewing again in specific response to the very negative review by one person who seems to only have account to give negative reviews on this item.  I am a real person with hundreds of Amazon purchases and reviews - reading reviewer profile is important I think.This is my earlier review from item listing on another vendor.The only one I've tried that works well. I have had three in the past. The first split at the point of entry as I tended to push it a bit too hard causing compression at entrypoint. Local vendor advised the problem and next two did not have same point of failure. They last about a year. Soft UR3 material warms up well and ribbed inside enhances the experience.A critical thing it is long enough so one does not lose lubrication out the end - messy and loses the charm of the experience. It also accommodates larger users - it is 7.5 inches long where most others fail fast.It will accommodate girth, others just split out the end after couple uses. There is some difference in the sensation from each end, one being a bit tighter on the point of entry.One description called it a pocket toy. Naaaa. This thing is 7.5 inches by 2.5 inches and weighs about a pound. Walking around with this thing in the pocket would be noticed.Clean up is very easy with warm water and absolute minimal amount of soap. Be sure to rinse well as soap could cause some rash next time it is used. The box includes a small pack of powder (corn starch) that they recommend using after each use or washing. I never used it on previous ones and it lasted well enough. I think the powder is to dry quickly to avoid bacteria and such. I shake well after washing and store in a terry cloth with the flat end pointing downwards. (The end that has two holes). Putting this end up allows water to remain inside and you will see water next time if you store wrong end up.It has a bit of a scented powder smell when you open the box. It is from the scented corn starch. I don't like the smell and would toss out the little package of scented powder and just use corn starch if I wanted to use powder.Not easiest to find though. I hope amazon keeps selling it even with one reviewer chasing after every vendor while having almost no other presence as a reviewer
My husband swears that this product plus vitamin b complex works like a banana bag you get from the hospital, when you are suffering from alcoholism. LolI’m not joking .
My husband has chronic dry eyes. He loves these wipes; says nothing he has used helps as much.
I really like this toothpaste. You only need a little so it last a long time. Seems to be whitening my teeth. I am allergic to SLS and have had no reaction. Wish it was less expensive, but other than that I love it.
I have take a different brand for year and though I would try a different brand. This brand to me has an odd taste. I will not buy again
Great noise reduction in bulk for a great price; highly recommend them if you are responsible for firing range activities
only 90 minutes run time...needed hours
Love their unflavored peptides. But this cucumber aloe flavor is absolutely disgusting.
These appear to work well, unfortunately I cant communicate well with my local rodents and ask if these really deter them. So far the past month no rodent homes, condos and apartments in my cars.
Fits well however these idiots did not use colorfast fabric.  Leaves black marks all over white pillows.  Hard to get stains out.
You can go with a smaller one and spend half the day trying to irrigate your ear, or you can get this big one and be done with it already (nice and easy though, don’t bust an eardrum and rinse yer brains).
Perfect dryer.  Exactly what I wanted
Turn and run away from this brand, total crap, throwing away and going to buy something else. The brush head fits but it is so cheap that it does not vibrate when I try second it does vibrate but the  bristles is very hard.my girlfriend brush  teeth the blood come out  so I don’t think it’s good for her. I need to get soft one for her.
I have bought this product 3 times. I was perfectly satisfied with the first two orders, but the most recent (September, 2022) is clearly different. The floss is thinner and shreds easily. It slips from my finger even when wrapped around five times. In a word, the floss is useless.
 I got this for my son wo has back problems from old sports injuries. It is very easy to use. The remote is hooked to it. He said it was very easy to use. It is nice quality. He said his back does feel better when he uses it.
 I like this all in 1 shaver. I know it says for bald men but it works great on my legs, especially my knees because of the way the heads move all around and get close to the skin. It is also a trimmer, a hair clipper, a face massager, a nose and ear hair trimmer. It has a nice LED screen. It is recgargeable. It is well made and works great.
I got these for my daughter who works in a secure building and has to wear  badges and now a mask to work. She loves color and said these are awesome. She said the clip is great to keep the mask adjusted perfectly.
This is an absolute perfect gift to give my 19 year old grand daughter. She just loves everything that is bling and sparkly. This si a great size of 7 inches long and will fit perfectly in her purse. There will be no more waiting on her to do her hair because now she can do it in the car on the way since it has a car plug in. It is great that this is dual voltage as it will allow her to travel in the military. It is very light weight and comes with its own carrying bag. It heats up fast and works great on my trial run with it before I give it to her.
It's funny because my whole life I have never had cracked or dry feet and I always went barefoot, but for like the last 5 years or so I have tried to always wear something on my feet when I go outside and now my feet are always dry and cracking. Sometimes it is pretty bad and very painful. This foot file just took seconds to use, it does not hurt at all and my feet were alot smoother and softer  when I got done. I really like that this can be used wet or dry. It is very light weight and super easy to use. The buffer is made from a natural ceramic and the handle is a beech wood handle that is very smooth. It does have a hole on the handle and it has a piece of twine so you can hang it when not in use. It is very comfortable to hold while using it on your feet.
 A very close personal friend of mine has recently lost a few of her furry kids that she has had for around 15 years. She has been really heart broken and it doesn't help that she has a few more kitties around the same age. She does cat rescue and even though she has several other kitties she takes it very hard when she loses 1 of her beloved pets.She doesn't have any children of her own so her animals are her babies. She also lost her beloved father a few years ago so she has had her share of sadness. So I have been thinking about making her a bracelet that would have  charms to do with cats and dogs and maybe something to do with her dad. Kind of like a remembrance bracelet.This wing charm is perfect to add to my remembrance bracelet.This is the  Flora Mcqueen Personalized Guardian Angel Wing Charm Birthstone Charms Mother Bracelet Charm FMC-2001by AnmaoPROS...---the wing means....gauadian angel---nickel free---stainless steel....so it won't rust---hole size is 4.8 mm to 5 mm---eco friendly---hypoallergenic---comes with a gift bag---fits pandora braceletsCONS...---absolutely noneI received this product to test  for free and I was only asked to give my honest opinion. I did not receive any type of compensation for doing so. All opinions are my own or that of my husband if he helped me to test it. If I have a change of mind after I have tested it longer I will come back and update my review whether good or bad.
Everything was fine.
Everything was fine.
Works very well, love it
Looks great. Easy to apply to water bottles.
Brush TOO soft. Should be for children only. Brush head must be replaced EVERY month. Not good, not stated on description. Instructions had to be enlarged in order to read them! Merchandise returned.  :(
I like to soak my dogs belly bands until I get enough for a load. But though a MUCH OLDER couple of boxes did an excellent job, this new one I got really doesn't do the job.
Feels nice and works perfectly
Great product use for my bunnys litter box
My boys drive their cozy coupe down the hall leaving black marks on the wall. The magic erasers remove the black marks! They are wonderful
Blue bags, blue bags.  Whatcha gonna do? Blue bags, blue bags.  Love 'em.
I felt very hard to use and plucks hair
Cheap product. Not at all what I expected
Good quality and good price!  Good for adults and children.
Bought three of these for our flight to Italy. They worked great and didn't take up too much space in our carry-ons and were easy to blow up. I did, however, get extra screening at security and they blamed it on the folded up footrest, even though the people I was traveling with also had them and didn't get called out. So who knows?
I like that this mask is soft  , has a pocket and isadjustable with neck loop. I folded a Kleenex to get the filter effect, ...maybe No static charge though...
WORKS AND YOU DO NOT GET SICK ON THIS.....ONLY IT IS a little too much money......but if you need it . go for it
my nails are very thick
Traumeel is the BEST homeopathic cream made anywhere.  It speeds up healing of all my bruises, surgical dressings, etc.  I use it to excellent effect - helping with healing after surgeries and injuries.
No instructions. Adjustments very limited. Do not appear durable. Uncomfortable. Do not aid in movement.
My wife uses it as our white noise machine for sleeping. We hadhave a previous model that is about 15 years old. My better half was afraid that it would die any day now. Knowing that she could not make it through the night without her machine, we had to order a backup...We love it.
very unsafe scale... very unsturdy felt as if i was going to fall off of it.
Bought these for my husband and he loves them we use them about three times before throwing away.
North American Rescue sells top quality products. If you go on their website this bag sells for $100. The reason these are so cheap is that the military is eliminating the ACU and changing to Multi-cam... for a civilian it really does not matter.
These are terrific! Great price too!
Good file. Much better than most others.
Junk! Arrived DOA!
I wanted to like because of the price i paid, but it is too harsh to cut the beard. Compares to reddington brand, for example, I won't be able to use it. Returning.
The better half started using this oil recently. I still have to see the benefits, but she is happy with the product so far.
It works well. I was able to clean my bathroom better compared to other cleaning products.
I use zip lock all the time and I like these because they had Texans on them
My grandson was very please with this watch.
Heal my sore sprained ankle, twisted it Brett bad. Help ice it down well... It's usable.
Brush crushed when it arrived.. couldn't use it
These didn't help me find the pet urine. Maybe my color blindness is the problem.  The kids love them to play with. My UV lamp helped me much more.
Very comfortable and soft
A-ok and great price.
Works very well. Great value for the money. Very basic, but very inexpensive. Uses standard size batteries, as well.
Good as I thought
Great for layout.
Works well!
This bags are very strong and the size is perfect for my large garbage can.  My garbage can is about 30 gallons.
Make sure you want this as it is not returnable even though it says it is when you order it
I agree with first reviewer. Too thick does not appy easily, tends to stick to plastic tube applicator tip, not metal like muro 128. Very bad product, not well formulated for humans. Would not use on the dog, either.
This makes it much easier for me to get my joint supplements into my system. I get so tired of taking pills!
Depends on your needs. Mine is falling apart already!
&#34;NOTE&#34; due to no fault of my own, Amazon is featuring a photo above similar but a different recliner model other then the one that I actually purchased. The actual recliner that I purchased was by Best Massage MODEL# BM-EC161 Style 1, pictured below in this review.Take it from a husband and wife who sometimes experience real painful Charlie Horses, Stiff Joints, Back Spasms, Swollen Legs & Feet, aches all over... this recliner is beyond our biggest imaginations!!  It doesn't &#34;CURE&#34; our ailments, but it definitely adds much needed comfort and relief..FAST!!Amazon Sharp Review Critics. I'am just sharing my real life personal  experiences with this Full Body Massager without exaggeration, and except NO responsibility, nor make any suggestion that I'am a qualified Upholstery Technician, or Quality Control Expert. I'am merely a Average JOE..My Disclosure is to please contact your Medical Professional(s) if you feel this Massager may be to intense for your Health Issues..But for my wife and I, this is really &#34;AWESOME&#34;...your experience may Vary...Rheumatism's, fatigues bye-bye. Erases away our soreness's, fatigue quietly with several differentremote settings. Knocking, Kneading, Rolling,  Vibration, even warmth of Shiatsu. It completely MELTS away our stresses  almost immediately upon flicking the remote.. QuietExtremely Invigorating rollers from shoulders, back, and Butt..!!I've moan a thousand moans already!!!*Large pressurized leather*Long rolling track reaches neck area, shoulders, upper & lower back, Buttocks and thighs..I've hollered out loud because it's that good!You can go from Light to Extreme, or you can personally preprogram the settings to rotate back and forth between settings.*Strong Pressure Cups envelops and squeezes lower arms, entire lower leg calves & entire foot area with stimulated rolling massager pressure on bottoms of my feet... AH'hhh'hh*Remote has Heat that can radiate from entire back, buttocks and thighs. The heat is tolerable NOT extreme!!*Recliner reclines &#34;Quickly and Quietly&#34; from a vertical position, to a relaxing horizontally position with LED remote.*Affordable Price!! YESI'am a senor but getting up from it, my wife and I  we both feel like two twenty year old freshman college students seconds after using Full Body Zero Gravity Shiatsu Massager Recliner model # BM-EC 161 by &#34;Best Massage&#34;.. it arrived 1132016 and as of today October 17, 2018 it's still going Strong...it serves Our Purposes very well, so your may again vary depending on your particular alignments and your personal comforts..5 Stars ***** for chair appearance, sturdiness, price & it's therapeutic quality...**************************** Therapeutic Friendly...😊YES!!
Better than some I have had as far as strength, But the shape and size is not great for mens shoes. Needed to be a bit wider . I think that was my problem not the company's. Better for womens shoes.
got since we have cats. I liked that it only needed changed once a year and with just a light bulb. With the litter boxes I was hoping it would help with any smell. One of my cats also has asthma so hoped it would help her. Not sure it has really helped with any of that and have one in each room. I do not like that they added a coupon into each box and said for your purchases you would get this credit. Though it wasnt for each one and only for one yet put one in each box and didnt say for only one on them so didnt like the false advertising included. Wouldnt of bothered to enter all of them if it would of stated that.
Very stiff.  No absorbency.
As advertised
if you have a teen ager, this is way cheaper than acne cream
The cutting head broke where the hinge joins the base.
Used this to break in some 700HO brushed motors. Worked perfectly!
Great product so far so good just bought itMan it gets into deep tissue very effectivelyGo slow the vibration along with the knobyPattern of the hard foam is the real deal the
I been looking for one of these for a good price and I came across this one. Study and heavy and really works. There is different heads and the speed is gradually increased so that you won't be hit with a woop quickly. I like the one with the round tip for specific points to focus one. Battery like is good too since I used for about a week without recharging it.
Good green stuff. I prefer the tablets instead of powder.
It starts off good but then after 2 min it starts hurting alot. It doesnt feel like a massage. It feels like some one is pinchin ur next. It has a warm function doesnt work proparly. One thing i was impress the way it comes packed. Very good on that!!
Pretty awful. Purchased during Amazon day. Plates don't seem.to close all the way. Waste of money
This is good cleaner, protectant. It doesnt shed and bead water like shower or toilet duck but it doesn’t haze or buildup either.
Love my Radha Products-especially this Lemon Essential Oil!!!!  You get a huge 4 ounce bottle with a dropper & it comes in a box-you feel like you are opening a present!  I find many uses for the little box also!  Of course, any new oil goes in my diffuser & this Lemon Oil makes you feel like putting on some music & dancing!  Yes Really!!!  i put a drop in my refrigerator to keep it smelling fresh & also in my wastebaskets. That's why you need the dropper-you don't want to overdo it. Sometimes, I put a drop on my dirty clothes just to keep them fresh-smelling until I get around to washing them.  Also a drop or two in the washing machine.  And a drop in my kitchen drain if It isn't smelling fresh.  Also on my dryer balls.  If you plan on using on you skin-you Have to use a carrier oil to dilute this oil. This is some really pure strong oil. Jojoba oil or one of the many carriers-almond oil, walnut oil, avocado oil. There are many carrier oils. You can add it also to your home-made lotions, etc. or add a drop to store bought lotions.  If you have ever been suckered into buying a 12 ounce bottle of essential oil from one of the multi-level marketing parties, you will be so excited to discover Radha Beauty Products.  These are quality oils. I did receive this one at a reduced cost for an honest opinion but I have tried many Radha Oils & they ROCK!!! Thank You!!!
So far,so good.  Regenerix Gold is easy to take & no after effects. No stomach upsets, no rashes, no burping. The capsules are easy for me to swallow. I am hoping for outstanding results! It would be so nice not to be in pain & not have to take pain pills & even over the counter meds.  I just started taking today & will gladly pay the price if these work!!! I did receive these at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. I am so glad I did! I will check back in a week or two with-hopefully-good results. Thank You!
I use different sore musclearthritic pain relief creams. A lot of them work-some don't. This cream from Best Naturals works! I have arthritis plus I have sore muscles in my neck. Now I have decided to add back pain to my list. It sucks! I have a lot of trouble falling asleep if I have one of these pains acting up. I decided to try out this Muscle & Joint Pain Relief Cream. It sure helps with my pain! Within a short while, I can actually feel relief. I can fall asleep & stay asleep all night & wake up with no pain. It lasts that long for me. I have learned with all of these creams to wash my hands very well to avoid contact with my eyes. A good tip to know! This cream doesn't burn or irritate my skin. I did receive it at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. Thank You!
Over the years, I have tried all sorts of conditioners, creams, serums,  sprays, & everything new that comes out.  I am finished searching for the perfect repair serum. This natural repair serum answers all of my problems. Frizz control & shine is important to me! I  also color my hair so this serum helps with the dryness. My hair looks shiny & healthy. I love to read through the ingredients of natural oils. I actually have heard of the oils! And I have used the oils before. To have these oils all together in one easy to use serum is great! I did receive this at a reduced cost for an honest opinion.  This bottle will last quite a long time & I'll let my friends try it also. Thank You!
Forskolin- I've been seeing & hearing a lot about this lately!  Now, I am trying it out!  I like the fact that I only need take 2 daily at the same time.  i tend to forget but I can handle 2 at the same time.  The capsules go down easily & do not have a funny taste or cause heartburn.  I haven't been taking these for long but I seem to have more energy & don't feel the need to snack as much.  I really don't weigh myself so don't know if I've lost any pounds but I seem to be more active and don't just sit around now.  Thanks for an affordable product!
These made me so sick. Horrible stomach pains and cramps, it was awful. As soon as I realized it was the vitamins I discontinued use & will be returning for a refund. I have never had a reaction like this before, my stomach is not sensitive. I don’t know what the problem is.
This thing is pretty awesome. We have all had times after we have had a few to drink and  we are not sure if we can drive. This will help you determine if you have had too much.  So I can’t post the picks but I tried this sober and it gave me the reading 0.0. And then after a few drinks came up as 0.04%. Comes with 5 blow straws. It gives you a countdown and then you blow into it for 10 seconds
This was a test with something I am not real femilure with.  Not a product for me, but I have seen my mom use them before.
I love lemon oil. It is my absolute favorite smell. I use it in a oil diffuser and it smells amazing, so fresh and so clean. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
I am enjoying my teeth whitening system. I really love the fact that the trays come pre-loaded which is great! No need to measure and hope I put enough in the trays. Happily enjoying my results too. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
Works for me. The smell is not overwhelming so I can deal with it. The actual product works great on tired aching muscles. I feel so much better after I use this. It's a little better than what you buy at the stores so it works for me. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
Looks good, and they work as expected. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
I like the tissues very much. My only issue is that the box designs are a little bit blasé.
Loved the idea off having earplugs attached to a cord for easy access but plug come out and won’t go back in. I can’t really notice a huge noise difference between these and regular ear plugs. My voice and the patients is very muffled. I have to take off my gloves after using the Cavitron to hold a conversation.
Bought the clay version it doesn’t get that hot and it doesn’t stay hot for more then like 5-10 min. Honestly just fill up a giant sock with rice and tie the end it works better.
This is a great supplement for neuropathy. I was experiencing neuropathy symptoms, and after taking this product I've been feeling better. The symptoms are subsiding. I am taking two tablets daily and it works perfect for me. I feel more energetic, I don't get so often the burning and tingling sensation. Also, it is helping me with the pain. I am looking forward for long term results, at the moment it is working for me. I am feeling better.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
Living alone it takes quite awhile to get dishwasher full and cheap generic brands are a waste of money.  This does a great job on keeping dishwasher clean without having to almost crawl inside it to freshen up.
So far so good.  At first I had a little trouble getting it to know I am a woman so the fat percent was off, but I got that squared away and I love my Fitbit Aria!  The accompanying food and activity log is very useful and easy to work with.
I like the size. There is a large handle and a large compartment for collecting the lint.
I really wanted to like this toothbrush but honestly I just really didn’t like the way it vibrates. It almost tickles when trying to brush my teeth and is a very different sensation from any other electric toothbrush I’ve had where the head itself spins. I brought it with me for a trip and ended up using it like a regular toothbrush without turning it on because the sensation bothered me that much. Secondarily, even if I did like it it’s kind of a hassle that the charging device does not fit within the case. It would be nice if the case itself would charge the toothbrush (like the way a lot of Bluetooth headphones are set up these days). Granted, it didn’t need to be charged on a daily basis anyway but if you’re going on a long trip it’s annoying that the whole thing isn’t one contained unit.
These are great wipes for toddlers. We got them when our toddler started potty training and I was looking for soft and flushable wipes. These work great. We haven't had any issues with rashes, they are soft and fragrance-free. Love that we can get a box of them through subscribe & save. We never run out.
This is a great quality brush that I got to make the difficult  job of straightening my daughters hair.  Now it is a little less of a chore for us both. This is easy to use and does a nice job in half the time and alot less fuss from my child. It can be a bit of a problem when she wants to play and not sit to have it taken care of for any length of time. This is a nice way to get her hair done quickly and painlessly so we are both happy. It works so well and does a great job. It gets hot fast which is great no one wants to sit waiting. The handle stays cool so I don't have to worry about my hand burning while I am doing her hair. The controls are easy to use and the directions explained everything thoroughly. The screen is easy to read. Her hair brushed right through and it didn't take long for it to look smoother and straight. This is a great brush that does a good job I am so glad I found it.I was given this brush in exchange for an honest review.
I had a facial brush before but I have to admit that this new upgraded one is like a spa day in a box. It is a super 6 in 1 cleansing kit for your body. It has alot of different brush heads and a detachable handle for reaching all the parts while cleaning your body.The facial brush is really neat and very handy it is great for removing those annoying and ugly bumps, pimples, black and whiteheads which is great. I love the make-up sponge to help remove my make up without hurting my face or being harsh and abrasive. It really feels good to use and works really well. It comes with this neat little rolling massager to make me look young and pretty. To help rid me of those little wrinkles that i say i dont have making me look and feel like i just went to a spa. my favorite I must say is the large body brush to help me scrub a dub dub all of my tired parts and make me feel nice and clean.This is great for so many things and I love how easy it is to use. The directions are easy to follow and it even comes with the batteries you need to use it right out of the box.Its great to have and to use. It makes me feel and look great. This is a wonderful brush to get for yourself and to give as a gift. I am so happy with my purchase of this product I am a very happy lady.I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
This is an excellent back massager that does a great job. I must admit when i got this I was a bit skeptical at just how well it would work for me. Its oddly shaoed appearance was a but disheartening but i must admit I am totally happy that this odd little shaped back massager does such a great job. It is great for one person who can't reach to reach over and get all those spots you have always wanted and the door frame won't hit. It does a great job and feels great. The tip is soft yet solid silicone. It is light weight and really easy to use. It fits in your hand easy and comfortably and does a great job at rubbing your back. I am so glad I was able to make this purchase.I purchased this product at a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
This is a company I like to use for essential oils. I get some really nice products at really nice prices. I have tried alot of other companies but this one has some of the best quality oils I have tried in a long time. I am so glad I did it stay with them it was well worth it.This is one of my favorite essential oils I am so glad I found this company.  This lemon oil is a household staple for us and one of my favorite essential oils. I love the smell of this oil it smells like lemon drops. This one is a good choice for my family. I use it to make my homemade body butters and beard waxes. It mixes nice and doesn't separate after it is mixed. It goes on smoothly and absorbs into the skin very easily. I like using essential oils regularly and this is a great choice for a carrier oil. Good purchase and a nice big bottle.I purchased this product at a reduced price for an honest and unbiased review.
This is a great new product I like to use it in my smoothies in the morning to kick start my day with a healthy dose of super good vitamins. It has all the good stuff to fight viruses and boost your immune system. It has a nice fruity taste so it adds to the taste of my smoothies. It mixes well and blend smooth its not clumpy or lumpy other then the taste you can't even tell it's really in there. Its a nice size container for a good price and it comes with a scoop so all you need is one scoop. I really like this product I like the company that makes it. I feel healthier and see improvement in my energy just for the short time I've been taking it hopefully it will continue. I purchased this product for reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review thank you
This's a great product to protect your family from harmful pollutants. I am always driving somewhere keeping busy with my family. I wanted to have something to keep the air in my van clean since their are so many pollutants all around. This device is so nice and simple and efficient. You simply plug it into your cigarette lighter and that's it. The air is cleaner and I feel good. My son has asthma and on hot muggy days he can feel it but he doesn't have as many problems with air quality while we are out since we have been using this product.I purchased this product for a reduced price to give an honest and unbaised review
This is a really great first aid kit. It has 250 things and that's plenty of things that I need to help take care of my family if an accident happens. No one wants an accident to happen but if one does I have a kit that has everything I need and then some. It's great it's a nice little bag all well organized and put it right where it needs to be with a nice little handle so I can carry everything when I go.I really like this it has a little bit of everything to cover a little bit of everything if it happened. I'm glad I found this kit and was able to purchase one for my family.I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
This is a very cute item with a lot of great potential.  The trees are adorable and made very well.  The little clothes pins are so cute and come with one for each tree, so there are no extras in case you lose one.  It comes with burlap string so some assembly is required.  The lettering is good, but not perfect.  The last letter s is coming off on my set, and some of the letters are glued onto the trees a little crooked.  The good thing was that while unpacking the trees, they were in order, so it was easy to assemble the words Merry Christmas quickly and easily.
These plastic storage cases are great for storing items that need to be kept dry and dust free.  They work well for masks as well as tissues.  There are little plastic edges on the insides of each case to secure items inside.  The cases are sturdy and hold up well to being in a purse and they are easy to locate with the bright colors.
These are good masks.Well made, sturdy. They are comfortable to use. The ear elastic is not too snug, but it holds perfect.They are breathable.They fit perfectly on the face.The did OUR candle test on them and they passed.None of them broke on us.
I like this water flosser because is small and perfect for travel. So I have one for home and this one when we are out of town.It has different settings that you can adjust the power.The water reservoir in smaller than others that I have, but that’s the same reason why it’s more comfortable for travel. It does not need too much space on the bag.
I ordered this to try for my legs. That’s the only part of my body that I use shavers.It was a nice surprise that it is very easy to use. Comfortable to grab. Does not pull the hairs, it cuts them.My legs were smooth after using it. It did not irritate my skin.Easy on the knees! Weird place to shave!I really like it.I did not feel like my shave lasted more than when using the regular shavers.And it definitely not as sturdy as my husbands. It’s on the middle of a razor and my husband machine. But that’s ok with me. Anyway they don’t last forever.The battery life is very good. And the charging time is short.My legs are smooth and ready for summer!
My kids are super picky. It's like they know they are eating something for their health and immediately is "bad", BUT these are great! They love eating them. The flavor is not strong, but enough to be tasteful for them. They have a great consistency and are chewables.They are sugar free and thats really a plus.In times when health is so important this probiotics are the best.Like them!
Just what was needed for the bridal dollar dance at my son's and new DIL's wedding.  Arrived quickly.  Good quality for the price.
I truly saw no results while taking this.  Not a single thing.  While they are huge capsules, they are smooth and easy to swallow.  The flavor isn't too bad either.  I just wished I actually seen results.
I have tried so many sleep masks over the years, and this is in my top ten.  It's comfortable and easy to wear.  The strap is adjustable and it isn't bulky under my head when I'm sleeping on my back.  It washed well in a lingerie bag and hung up to air dry.  The material and foam are both soft against the skin.  I have long lashes and masks usually rub against them and drive me nuts, but this stands far enough away from my eyes that it doesn't bother me.  These work really well for blocking out all light.  A+++
I was afraid this would be difficult to work with, but it's flavorless and dissolves well.  It doesn't come with it's own scoop, which is a big downfall in my book.  I have to commandeer scoops from my protein powder containers.  I'm not sure that I've actually seen a difference in my skin since beginning to use it though.  The container is fairly small for the higher price tag on it.
The decals are durable with a strong adhesive but no so strong you cant back it off and move things a bit - in case you didn't quite get it on your first round. They re-stick well after reapplication - no worries about the adhesive losing its grip. The vinyl material is softer, thick, and durable - somewhat like a oil-change reminder decal for your windshield.Take your time and have fun with the process.There are no instructions included other than the printed locations of where the decals go. Certainly not a deal breaker. They really are easy enough to figure out like a jigsaw puzzle which makes it kind of fun to apply.I think its a great value and would recommend it.Just a little something to give you a morale boost when you jazz up your CPAP equipment.
I prefer this over the regular Vaseline.  It seems lighter, but isn't runny.I use it to remove eye make-up and put it on chapped lips.It doesn't have a scent.  The container is easy to open.  I like the shape of the container.Yes, so I'd buy this over Vaseline.  It seems to be pretty much the same, but seems less sticky and thick.
When I was visiting my son and wife, they invited me to watch while they bathed their one month old daughter.  I watched how uncomfortable it was for my daughter-in-law to be kneeling on the floor, awkwardly reaching over the hard rim of the tub to bathe the baby.I remembered seeing these knee and elbow pads for the tub, and found some I liked.  I sent them pics.  They liked the gray ones and the larger ones.  I found this was larger than the ones I'd sent photos of so would give them more space to move around on.They are very happy with this.  My daughter-in-law likes the pockets to store items for the baby, too.  She says she wishes the edges of the elbow pad were padded, too.  That's a thought for this company to consider.  But she really likes this - 5 star.It is washable.  I was so glad to find something they like, and they can use.  This would make for a good baby shower gift that a couple might not think to buy for themselves.  My son and wife hadn't known of these pads.  I wish I'd had something like this when I was bathing my babies.
I put this sunscreen on yesterday and liked it.  Features to appreciate about it:* non-greasy* squeezes easily - container is easy to use* applies smoothly - I put it on my arms as I was driving and sun comes in window and makes sun spots on my arm* has pleasant scent - scent reminds me of other popular skin products for tanning but with a fresh note* comes out whitish in color* like the 30 SPF* feels good on* like the size and shape of container - easy to pack and grabSo far am happy with this product.  Will report back as I continue to use it if I have additional comments.
Having spent $263 at the podiatrist to clip an ingrown toe nail which was too thick for me to trim, was delighted to be asked to review these toe nail clipper and cuticle trimmers.I used the clipper last night on thick, ingrown toenail and it clipped it easily. Mayo Clinic says to cut ingrown nails straight across.  If you google Mayo Clinic, they tell you how to treat ingrown toenails at home which is very helpful. I am hoping that having these clippers will help to solve the ingrown toenail problem.They have a plastic guard and come in a leather case which zippers to close it and keep the instruments safe so it is good for storing and travel.Am very happy with this set.(review sample provided)
My French class was reading a few of the children's stories upon which this film is based.  After watching the film, the consensus was this is a good film, if not great.  Might be better suited for an audience of children than adults.  That is probably for whom it was intended.
If you have dry skin, this is a cool and refreshing healing lotion. It has a light pleasant scent and is not greasy. It includes aloe and vitamin e as ingredients. It is an excellent basic skin lotion to combat dryness. Good for dry hands, dry feet and skin in general. We have a wood-burning stove so the air gets dry in the winter, combined with the cold. Love to apply this lotion throughout the day to my hands and feet to keep them soft. The container works well and squirts easily a small amount of lotion at a time. Glad to find this healing lotion.
Eternal Clear High Frequency Facial Machine| Skin Therapy Wand w Neon | PortableHandheld High Frequency Facial Wand | with4 Neon Powered Glass Tubes for Skin andScalpMy wife and daughter were very interested in trying a high frequency skin therapy machine.There are quite a few on the market, all ranging from very expensive, to super cheap. However,this one had good reviews and the price was fair. So, they decided to try it. They were veryimpressed with the results.My daughter is an athlete and sometimes her skin will break out. With this machine, she cantarget her break outs, and eliminate them much quicker than with most acne treatments. My wifehas fine lines that she wanted to work on, and this machine definitely made her skin looksmoother than before she used it.They both think that with continuous use, they will see even better results over time. Therefore,based on its performance and its price, this is definitely worth the money. Five stars!
Turmeric Curcumin with Black Pepper Extract- 1300mg Serving - 95% Curcuminoids - JointSupport and Inflammation Response –Organic Ingredients - 90 Vegetarian Capsulesby B’Leaf NatureSometimes, it’s difficult to know if turmeric curcumin is actually working. However, with these, Iimmediately knew that they were working because of what I was not feeling, which was stiffnessand joint pain. The recommended dosage is two capsules, which I love because many otherturmeric supplements require three or more. There is no strange aftertaste or staining of myfingers either. But, the thing I love most about these supplements is the price. It’s around $10.00a bottle, and that is amazing, because they do work well. I will continue to buy these as long asthey’re available through Amazon at this price. Five stars
Nutro Organic Apple Cider Vinegar Gummies- Immunity & Detox | Vegan-Friendly,Non-GMO, for Digestion and Weight Loss |Apple Flavored | May Boost Immunity &EnergyI really like these ACV gummies. They have a really pleasant taste that is not too sweet or tootart. I love that they don’t stick together, even when the temperature gets a little warmer in thehouse. I’ve found that I actually look forward to taking these everyday.I got these because my nutritionist said they will help aid my digestion, and she was right. I ranout of these for about a week and really noticed a difference when I was not taking them.Therefore, I will continue taking ACV gummies because I know they work for me
Pimple Popper Tool Kit - 8 Pcs Blackhead Remover Comedone Extractor Acne Removal Set with Metal Case for Quick and Easy Removal of Pimples, Blackheads, Zit Removing, Forehead, Facial and NoseI got these to use for details on my clay sculptures. These tools work fantastic.
Posture Corrector for Men and Women, Adjustable Upper Back Brace with Clavicle Support,Pain Relief from Neck and Shoulder,Breathable Body Straightener FDA ApprovedA little bit difficult to get on at first but it is effective and it does work!
I have been using this to make smoothies. Hardly has a taste at all and we love it!
These are very cute and very well made socks!
I have a lot of pain in my feet and after wearing these I have a lot less pain. These are very comfortable to wear and stay in place. It's like walking on a cloud!!!
So I have been taking this for a couple of weeks, and I am not sure if I notice anything or not. It's hard to tell with some supplements. I have have no reactions or side effects from these, so that's a great thing!
I love this stuff, so fortunate to have discovered this! I use it in my gravy as a thickener and it works like magic! The flavor is mild and I love that it's organic!! Perfect for my homemade gravy!!
This is a hard review, as I can't see any signs that this is or sin't doing what it is touted to do. The flavor is not great, does not taste good or enhance anything. I think this would have to be used long term to be able to give a fair assessment of how well it worked as claimed.
While I was blowing this up (by mouth) I noticed it wasn't inflating, then I saw the slit in it. I was able to tape it to where I could inflate it some. Didn't blow it up till right before the party so I had no other choice but to use it.
Great product! I'm always looking for good and safe ways to fully wash my fruits and veggies. This comes very nicely packaged and protected. I like that it is a concentrate that you mix so that the original bottle lasts through many, many washings. Washes and rinses well and does not interfere with the taste of the food.
I am pleased with this sensitive toothpaste. I have been using it for the past week and it has kept my sensitive teeth feeling good. It has a nice flavor. Not as minty as my previous sensitive toothpaste, but very pleasant and light. It foams nicely without being too foamy. I have not had any pain in my teeth since I began using it. I already used a sensitive toothpaste before this one, however, switching over has not caused me any problems. I like the consistency of the toothpaste. It is a normal toothpaste consistency and is not watery at all.
Nice well made sleep masks.  Soft fabric, light as a feather.  Comfortable too.
This leather conditioner works so well! I have a lot of nice leather pursesbags. I like to keep my bags conditioned and this does a really nice job of that. It comes with an applications pad. It smells good too.
These are nice paper towels, both with looks and function. They're thicker than any I've used, and much more absorbent, too. They have perforations, and they're easy to tear off one, but the paper towels themselves aren't easily torn. I've been quite pleased with them.
This powder is super messy and it's incredibly dark in color. It comes with a little scoop, but I've had a hard time getting the powder without getting it on my hands and spilling a little in the process. Using just a spoon to mix it left the feel of it grainy to drink and it especially doesn't mix well that way. Even using a blender, it still has a grainy look to it, but I could at least drink it. It has a super mild taste to it, but I like it as a slight flavor booster to almond milk. I add a tad of stevia for sweetener. It's a little treat, with minimal effort, while still staying on my eating plan.
This has worked great at cleaning in our kitchen. My husband likes to cook sausage on our griddle. It tends to spray sausage grease all around. Plus, I do use a generous amount of butter when cooking pancakes for my children. My regular cleaner simply didn't clean it all like I'd like. This degreaser has made it a breeze to clean up, though. The scent of it is a bit strong for me, though not too bad. My husband said it smells like degreaser to him. It can be used  full strength or diluted with water. The set comes with a sprayer bottle and 5 large containers of the degreaser. (One of our bottles leaked during delivery and UPS had to rebox it. We ended up only getting 4 bottles of it.) We've been pleased with it, though.
This was my first time trying chlorella powder and it will likely be my last. The smell alone turned my stomach. I tried to drink it, but the flavor is strong. I felt like I was drinking dirty water frogs had been splashing around in. (I'm sure the green color added to that mental picture.) The powder is super powdery, so be careful opening the package. I used an immersion blender to get it mixed up. It seems like a nice product IF you like the taste and scent. I'm unable to bear it, though.
This oil has a mild scent to it. It's what I think of as a classic baby smell. I think it's lovely.I don't really use baby oil for my skin(other than for insect repellant), since I don't care for the oiliness it leaves behind, but I like to have it around. It's handy! It's a main ingredient for many "doughssandsslimes", which my children(and myself) like to play with. The scent of it is relaxing. It's also great at removing sticky things, like gum and stickers, and for removing paint from brushes and hands.
I think we've used about every wipe there is to use between the 3 of my children(8 months to 5 years). With newborns, Pampers was my choice. I had to change diapers often, and they worked great at working against diaper rash. Admittedly, though, as my children got older, we gravitated toward Huggies wipes. Pampers seems to have different kinds of wipes. There was one kind that seemed so slimy, we couldn't bear to use it, and it seemed that no matter how hard we tried we ended up with that particular one. We keep wipes just about everywhere and use them on our hands, too(particularly during car rides). We prefer Huggies when it comes to hand use.These are great, though, when it comes to backsides! They ARE a little more on the slimy side than Huggies, but these are more durable. With Huggies wipes, they're constantly tearing or we end up pulling out 4 wipes stuck together.These seem to come apart(from each other)much better. You can tug and pull on these and see just how much more durable they are. We generally have better coupons from Pampers, so we usually end up with Pampers wipes. I'll be honest, though, and say that when we have the coupons, we get Huggies wipes. We like them both for different reasons! We ONLY use one of the two, though. From my experience and opinion, just forget generic brands when it comes to wipes.If your little one has a sensitive backside, though, I highly recommend these! These ARE scented, so if that bothers you, there's the unscented sensitive kind, too.
Solimo Petroleum Jelly White Petrolatum Skin Protectant soothes and protects skin by creating a protective moisture barrier. Helps provide relief for dry skin and helps protect minor burns, wind burn and chapping
Daily dose of probiotics that is the good bacteria that your body needs. Easy to swallow and has no noticeable taste.  Completely vegetarian and loaded with lactobacillus and bifidobacterium probiotic bacteria, this digestive formula will balance intestinal flora and improve health and well being.
I love these roller bottles; so much so that I've purchased another set.  I have been using them with my essential oil mixes and they have been fabulous.  I only had one instance where the little roller ball came out but I popped it back in and it has been fine (I've had this happen to me with an expensive brand that I purchased through a distributor).I highly recommend these.
This was a gift and she is very happy with it.
Light weight easy to use but doesn’t do anything for me. Followed instructions and no curling actually occurs.  I would return it but I lost the batter compartment cover. It wouldn’t stay on. I wouldn’t recommend. Perhaps my lashes are too thick???
These are not polarized and very flimsy.
This is THE chair pad if you sit longer than 10 min. per day especially using a computer. It's well worth the high price for what you get & how it keeps its original shape & form factor over a long period of time.
This comes with one manual breast pump, two ladybug collectors, and a silicone cleaning tool. All of the silicone parts are very high quality and thick, meaning they should last a long time and put up with a lot. Both the pump and the ladybug have methods of standing on their own, either feet or suction pump. The pump has clear volume labels in both oz and ml. The cleaning tool is super robust with a metal center rod and two varying sizes silicone tips. Very happy with this compared to our other bottle and pump cleaning tools.The only complaint my wife has is that the ladybugs are a bit large for those will a smaller bust. So they are pretty apparent on smaller women. Other than that she is very pleased with this setup to catch any leakage and manually pump.
My kids love them and, I'm quite sure, well continue to use them into adulthood.  I should  buy stock.
This cotton is really wick-ed!
You know, I didn't expect miracles, but this is way better than the big orange things I used to get at Walgreens.  I wore them to see Flaming Lips at Bill Graham in SF on Halloween.  At first I though they didn't do much, but my ears were not ringing after the show, so they must have done something.  My major complaint? They're hard to hold onto, which means they're easy to drop and lose forever in a crowded show.  The canister is nice.
Rusted after 3 months....not high quality medical grade steal....bummer
What a difference! I can't believe anybody has lived at all without one. A little cumbersome sitting down, but great to sue.
at the time of this writing it's 50 bucks more here than if you were to order it directly from biobrite, but it's a good product.  I've had it for a couple of months now and it sure beats having to stay still in front of a light for 30 minutes.  I just don't always have the time to do that.  This is great because it allows you to get your SAD light dosage while doing chores around the house or getting ready in the morning.  I wish there was a battery indicator, but you have to guess when to charge it.  The built in timer choices are 15, 30, and 45 minutes, so you don't have to look at the clock to see when you're done.  You can choose the light intensity from 1-5 which is really helpful.  Often first thing in the morning my eyes can't take anything brighter than the 2 setting, but after 5 minutes I can turn it to the 4 setting and be comfortable. You can also adjust the angle of the lighting. The visor is hard and sturdy, but it is super comfortable because it has a plushy band in the parts where it makes contact with your head. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone who suffers from seizures because when the battery needs charging the light starts flickering intensely like a strobe light.  Someone prone to seizures may not be able to turn the light off in time if this happens.
Easy to use and program and looks attractive to boot.  I just think it would be more worth the price if you had the option of also plugging in your lamp into the device so that the lamp could turn on at the set time too.  For the same price you can get a sunrise alarm clock that you can use with ANY light and don't have to depend on just this one.
For years we have used Redmond bentonite clay to make our homemade toothpaste, but when I came across this tooth powder I thought I'd give it a try. I love it! It makes my mouth feel super clean and healthy.
Functions well, well made, good price, and you get two sets.
This functions well as daylight alarm. It's best feature is that the LED's arc out over the bed and shine down, as opposed to other models which shine straight out horizontally, which means you have to be on your side facing the lamp when the alarm goes off or else the light won't actually reach your eyes and wake you up. And the head on this lamp swivels, which makes it even better for increasing the chance the light will be pointing at your eyes when the alarm turns the light on. So, of the 3 models of daylight alarms I've tried, this one wins hands down in actually waking me up with the light.BUT: this lamp has the absolute worst user interface imaginable. Zoom in on the control panel in the main picture and look at the controls. Now guess how you turn the alarm on on Sunday night and off on Friday night. Go ahead, guess - I'll wait.Did you figure it out? No, of course you didn't. Because it's completely un-figure-out-able. To turn the alarm on or off, first press and hold the top left button (which, mysteriously, has two overlapping squares) until the border around the top left indicator icon in the display starts flashing, then let go. Then press and release the same button again to make the border around the next indicator icon down start flashing. Then press the second button on the left (which looks like a gear) to make that second icon either start or stop flashing (flashing means the alarm is enabled, not flashing means the alarm is disabled). Then wait 15-30 seconds for your change to take effect. Could you ever possibly have guessed that from looking at the controls? Absolutely not. Why doesn't it just have an &#34;alarm on  off&#34; switch? Seriously. What on earth were they thinking?Want to know what time the light will turn on in the morning (or, more accurately, at what time the light will be at full strength)? Care to guess by looking at the controls  panel? Don't bother. Because YOU CAN'T TELL WHAT TIME THE ALARM'S SET FOR WITHOUT SETTING THE ALARM TIME. Care to guess how to set the alarm time? Don't bother - you will literally never guess.I could go on, but you get my point. I use this every weekday as my alarm, because, at least at the time I bought it (July 2014), it was the only daylight alarm that allowed me to direct the light towards my eyes in the likely event that I'm not lying on my side directly facing the lamp at 6:30 am. But if you buy this, be prepared to read the user manual a few times. And definitely keep the manual next to the light for a month or so until you get used to using the absolute worst user interface ever conceived for an alarm clock. Oh, and be patient. Very patient. Because just turning the alarm on or off, which should happen with the flick of a switch, instead takes at least half a minute.
Just broke on me today.  I guess you get what you pay for. Lasted me about 3 months.I'm 6'1&#34; 225.
This is not a durable item. The stone is very light and left me surprised how quickly it dissolves.Do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews here. I ignored them and now I’m stuck with a product that’s marginal at best.The maker really needs to reformulate or look for another material that offers consumers a more durable experience.
It's kinda pricey, but fun for tracking your weight progress. Currently bummed because the instructions advise that you not use this while pregnant - definitely something to keep in mind. Other than that, it has a nice look and is super convenient for tracking weight alongside your fitbit.
Bought this for my grandpa for Father's Day and he won't stop talking about how much he loves it!  We tested it out before delivering it to him, just so we were familiar with how it works in case he calls us with questions later.We were surprised that it came full charged. We thought it was pretty cool that the LED on the front actually displays how much power is left; in our case is clearly said "100%."The bag it comes in is convenient and nice, but I doubt he'll need it much. Since my grandpa's dexterity is limited, we appreciated how easy it is to plug in to charge!  We also appreciate that it comes with another set of blades.I'll be happy to update how well it holds up after my grandpa abuses this one over next three months.
I’ve been using the Scrub Daddy sponges for years. Love them. For the kitchen these are even better!  The dual sides makes doing the dishes less of a chore. The holes for the eyes are perfect for holding on to it. The smile makes cleaning cutlery so easy.
This thing is amazing. You can use it dry or in the tub with water. It is gentle but does a wonderful job of smoothing heels.
This is being sold as the "ultimate dark concentrate" but it's just the dark concentrate.
Love it. Really helps with pain and strain.
Good price. Focus is better. I like it.
Great scent to the deodorant, but this brand was not a good match for my skin type resulting in regular breakouts in my underarms. I don’t normally have sensitive skin & never had issues with deodorant or antiperspirants in the past
Bought this for my family. They like it and it is used regularly.
I do a lot of computer entry, not sure if that is causing the issue.  I've been to physical therapy numerous times over the years.  So I know which stretching exercises to do.  There are times though, the nerves act up.  Stress is one of them.  Before I put the adhesive on, I try and locate the Kailo around the area I think it might help, which for my shoulder, is partially on my back and then I bring it up a bit on top of the shoulder.  When the area of the skin starts to feel like its getting warmer than the other area of my skin, I know something is happening.  I try to leave it alone for a couple of hours.  Today, I tried it on my leg, since my ankle has been also having some pain.  When I placed it along the side of my leg, again, I felt a bit of warmth happening in the area.  Subtle.  That pain has gone away.  I did leave it on for several hours.I do see a chiropractor, actually have been going to them for 30 years, when required.  If you've been in any type of accident, things start showing up.One note, this is a trial and error, to find the spot.  A couple of times this didn't reduce the pain.  If its too intense, I know I need to call the Chiropractor and take a pain pill or muscle relaxer till I get their.
feels very nice.  I did get it a little to large for my hand.  I did think this has two in it, but it was only for one hand. still over all very happy with it.
I use it on sunglasses that do not have grip on the nose part. It works just as advertised. Need to bring a few extra pairs during travel since at some point you may need to change them due to sunscreen usage, continuous use with activities.
works well with the phillips electric toothbrush.
While installing this generally involves finding the right spot in your ducting (especially if you have a humidifier), cutting a hole, and wiring it up, it's easier said than done.  You likely will need a drill, Dremel, andor snips, and most folks don't mess with their ducting much (the video provided by the vendor is a bit misleading, as you generally cannot just drill through drywall to install!).  If you know someone who does, it'll likely be easy for them.  The brightness of the bulbs makes it hard to QC things, as you cannot easily tell they're on without being blinded by severely unhealthy light.  I actually had welders goggles handy, which helped a lot.  The unit does have indicators on the outside, but if you want to verify things while setting it all up, be careful.In the end, it all works.  It was easier to install than a whole home humidifier, but more difficult than many home improvement projects.
Very cool add on for a great little camera. Now I can use a variety of filters.
Do the job
Good value.  The brushes last about 2-3 months each.  Each are individually wrapped.  I will buy these again
A big part of my myofunctional practice.
It's gigantic and I needed something with a little more precision.
Doctor recommended it... I don't like to add stuff to water but  this tastes good... Cherry flavor.. happy I got it..
Not just for kids. I love these. won't wipe my ass without them. they are fragrance free and not harsh at all. never have a problem with them flushing.
I really like this organic kale powder! It has a subtle taste in my organic protein shakes. I use it every morning along with frozen mixed berries or frozen tropical fruit. I put the powder into a mason jar that makes it easier to get into without getting it all over my hand.
I had been looking for this rinsing solution every where but I don't think they sell it in stores. I use this right after I take my contacts out of the hydrogen peroxide solution I use to clean them in.My eye doctor switched me from regular contact solution to the hydrogen peroxide one about a year ago because he noticed regular solution wasn't cleaning them as well for me. But I was terrified of putting something that was once hydrogen peroxide on my eyes.I know that after 6 hours, the hydrogen peroxide has neutralized. I know that in my head. I took organic chemistry. I know the science. Yet, I couldn't make myself put something was once hydrogen peroxide anywhere near my eye. So after I take my contacts out of the cleaning solution in the morning, I rinse them with this. I don't know what else you would use this for because this is not a cleaning solution - it's a rinsing solution. But I love it and I can't see myself using my regular solution without this.
Enjoyed the ginseng, goes well with honey
Ordered 60 count. Received 30 count. Should have ordered straight from granite supplements...
Commodious, and compact but a bit pricy. I knock off a point becuase the inner pocket is difficult to access.
Other reviewers on Amazon dissuaded me from buying similar but cheaper models. I am sorry they charge more for the graphite color I preferred over the cheaper white but the differential was not enough to be a deal breaker. Oh, yes, I do like the natural spectrum light these lamps provide.
I've tried a few different kinds of bee pollen, and this is the most extremely delicious, compared to the bee pollens. It's nowhere near as sweet as honey, and it does taste very earthy, but this is delicious! If you like any healthy foods, then you'll love this.If you've never tried bee pollen before, or if it's been a while, then you're supposed to start out with just a few grains at a time, and then build yourself up to eating it by the spoonful. But, luckily I've build up a tolerance to it over the years, so I can eat a lot of it. It's great to just eat by the handful, except the granules are small, and a few of them fall to the floor. It's great in protein shakes. Even though they don't fully dissolve, then they naturally sweeten your drink. They're also great on ice cream, too. Basically, these mix well with everything, and they're also great by themselves.YS Eco is an Illinois company, so the closer that you live to Illinois, then the better that you get the &#34;local honey&#34; effect of helping with your allergies. But, I live all the way over in Utah, and this pollen still helps me out a lot with my allergies.I read some horror stories about other bee pollens, and so I've been meticulously checking this for bee parts. I'm pleased to report that this is only bee pollen, and doesn't have any bee parts in it. I highly recommend this.
 I really liked how this is a lot more comfortable than most rope. Most rope is really rough on your skin, but this is really soft. It would be much tougher to get rope burn than with most ropes, but it holds really well, too. It's also easy to tie knots with.This is about 32 feet of rope, and so if you're going for some serious partner tying, then you probably need about three skeins to completely tie someone up.The ends are taped, and so they'll eventually fray. If you plan on reusing this rope a lot, then you'll want to burn the ends so they don't fray. It's not ultra-thick, but this also means that it goes a lot farther than thicker rope.This comes in a few different colors, and I like red the best.Pros:+Very soft and comfortable+Perfect for adult restraint fun+Holds fast without injury+Attractive rope and colorsCons:-Only 32 feet (10 meters)*Oomph gave me this rope to review*
This does just what it claims to do.  Love it.
Like the title says, I stuck them to the back of a pair of boots with worn soles to restore traction.  There was a maximum area for the pad to adhere, and I carefully cleaned and *slightly* roughened the area to maximize its ability to stick.After just a single wear the pads were starting to come off, and after 2 they were completely gone.  While they were cheap, they were a total waste of money.
The bottom part of the mask just stays open and is really not keeping your germs in or any other germs out
Awful taste, chalky, doesn't dissolve.
I was surprised at the comfort it offered. Goes for any shoe.
I installed it in my kitchen and when I leave a pile of dishes overnight, the difference in odor is night and day.
This is a great idea for which its time has not yet come.I love the concept of letting the device do my vacuuming. I love that it is small. I love that it is relatively quiet. And I love that I can manage it from my phone.But...It doesn't vacuum well. It struggles to redock. The electric fence didn't work.Keep at Hoover, but you aren't there yet. For now, it is just a semi-functional conversation piece.Anthony Trendlanthonytrendl.com
Placed this in a low airflow side of my apartment not far from the front door. I can tell it helps to keep the pollen and dust down. I don't have to dust my black glass furniture near as often as before.
I love the idea.Unfortunately, that idea really isn't realized here.I purchased these thinking I could replace earplugs for noisy neighbors, but I can easily hear everything and it didn't work out.However, the reason I really don't like this is that it also doesn't work for what it is.The speakers don't stay put, so if you move around at all, you will find that the speakers are no longer on your ears, causing either not enough sound or imbalanced sound.So unless  you're the type of sleeper that lays down and doesn't move an inch for eight hours, these simply don't function for their intended use.
Vitamin C is what it is, nothing more to say. I take one in the morning and one in the evening, every day.
With the fastening at the front, this wrap is uncomfortable. It's difficult to line up the velcro so perfectly that you don't get scratched.But with the wrap at the back, it's fine. Works very well for what I wanted. It's soft and seems to be a nice quality.
Very nice replacements for the shades of two lamps. Shipped promptly and well packed.
I use this for keeping dust out of my nose when I change the catbox. I've no idea how effective it is on a scientific level, but it decreases the irritation a lot. I preferred this to disposable masks since I have enough trash as it is.
This is a slab of generic foam covered in a nondescript and not particularly comfortable fabric. It is on the short side. So if you are tall like me, it provides no thigh support, like sitting in a chair with a tiny seat bed. The slope keeps your thigh and butt muscles from relaxing because you are at an odd angle. It's going back.I also tried the coccyx cushion from Living Better Tools (http:smile.amazon.comgpproductB00YGC7S1C). It's larger and quite thick. It is contoured to fit your legs and has a nice non-skid rubber backing to hold it in place. It costs a bit more. But it's a much better product, as long as your chair adjusts to accommodate the fact that it is 5&#34; high.That said, body shapes are different. Perhaps you will love this one. I didn't.
Found ourselves babysitting a mature cat which had to stay in our tiny bedbath combo.  No matter how frequently I scooped the litter it was bound to accumulate odors, (esp,..."Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you?" Remember Pheobe's song on the TV show Friends?) The litter box was against the wall right in front of where you sit on the toilet.  Yikes.  We keep this de-ordorizer plugged in.  It's all but silent, but you can hear it circulating the air.  I'm here to tell you, I always know when someone has forgotten to plug it back in when they've used the socket this occupies.  It makes a huge difference to our nose.  To us, that means that it's not only working on germs that hit the nose, but also those lurking around which we want nothing to do with!  Germs from potential moldmildew, any escaping septic gases, germs from morning sneezes and so on. If you have a semi-tighter area where you want to have the air cleaned and smell better, this is worth a try. It is assuring to know this technology is working for you.
Construction quality, materials similar to most of the other LiPo bags available.  Purchase for part of the storage setup of some 3S lipos.  More or less just one added layer of protection against a lipo incident.  During charging continuous monitoring of the LiPo (internal temp, external temp, charging rateslevels, smell, sight...) is more important than the bag in preventing an ugly situation.If you experience a real catastrophic lipo event this bag might give you enough time to grab whatever fire suppression device you have to deal with the situation. The bag is a bit like airbags and seatbelts in a vehicle.  Hope you never have to rely on device.  But in the event a bad situation occurs, the bag may be the difference between a major or minor loss.  Personally I wouldn't store, charge or use  questionable LiPos.  Dispose properly and invest in a replacement.
Only have used this product on my nose, but it works great. Had no problem with the nose hair trimmer. Worked as expected, bought it on sale and thought it was a steal for 10 bucks. Did not pull my nose hair out, it cut it.Honestly, there is not much to say about this product, but it does the trick.Note: Does not come with any batteries.My Amazon Review Criteria:5 Star: I got what I expected from the product and it wasworked better than expected. If you are considering a purchase, buy it. Would buy it again, I highly recommend.4 Star: I got what I expected from the product and that is all. It just works. Still recommend the Item, probably hard to find a better product than this. Would buy again, I highly recommend.3 Star: I got what I expected from the product most of the time. Has a few problems but it can be overlooked. Might buy the product again, but will look for other alternatives as well. I recommend the product, there might be better alternatives.2 Star: I barely got what I expected from the product. Has many problems, product is bad. Would not buy again. I do not recommend buying this product unless there are no other alternatives.1 Star: I never got what I expected from the product. Would not buy the product again, requested a refund or returned the product. (This is very rare for me.) I do not recommend buying this product whatsoever.Note: I did NOT receive any incentive buying or reviewing this product. I want people to find products they like and will use.
It's fine, closes securely and doesn't pop open like I feared (and I leave it in my bag while I haul it all over campus, books and laptop hitting it).I initially worried about the pills mixing into each other because it doesn't look like the divider reaches to top of the case, but it wasn't a problem for me. I have fairly small pills but if yours are particularly small I'd do a shake test on it.Unintuitive to clean, it's hard to get into all the corners, but that's inherent in this type of case. I just didn't think about that before I bought it.Black case isn't fully opaque like you'd think it would be, and the + sign is mostly transparent. If you want to hide the contents, not the case for you.
This would be great to travel with too, but I wanted a bag to keep the necessary medical items together even at home. I considered getting a generic bag, like a shaving kit zipper case, but I chose the medical logo so it'd be clear what type of things were inside. The straps are a great length to slip the bag on your forearm and transport it wherever. I needed a small zipper bag, that did not say First Aid kit, to carry my blood monitor, pulse oxometer, and a BP cuff. Bingo, I found it!!! I was a bit worried when I opened the bag because it first looked like it'd be too small, but man this little guy is deceiving. I fit all the necessaries in and it's not overstuffed at all. I've already got another one in my cart, in a different color, to carry prescriptions; these days, doctors are saying -- you must bring the actual bottles of prescriptions you take to each appointment; one of them even put up a sign in the waiting room that you will not be seen without your med bottles.  It's another discussion that he thinks old folk either forget things or get them confused, but this bag in blue will be a lot classier than a gallon zip plastic bag that most people use. I like the idea of keeping my drugs hidden--it's nobody's business (in a crowded waiting room) what drugs I take. I could go on but you get the idea; I love this bag. I included three photos to give you an idea of the size. Happy Shopping!
Loved the bracelet, the small fit was exactly right for my wrist and looks very pretty
Too super long for it to arrive.  I guess because it came directly from China.  The case itself is OK.  Its not a solid hard case.  It has the strength of let's say, a shoe box that has been covered with material.
It's a lot by volume.
So far this is not working very well for me.  The wrap itself appears well made, is easy to put on and comfortable.  The instructions are awful and it takes a bit of time to figure out how to use it.  Apparently the manufacturerdistributor is aware of this and sent me an email informing me if it didn't work they would replace it.  So the question is what is it supposed to do.  Using the &#34;red&#34; setting for intensity and time and waiting for 15 minutes to warm up I could barely feel any heat, only slight warmth (not very therapeutic) over the course of 30 minutes or so.  Maybe for the price that's about all one should expect.  I'll be shopping for a better one.4118 Update.  After periodic use of the wrap I am changing my rating from two stars to four stars because after use I discovered the heat is adequate, although it could be a little hotter.  The major problem, as noted by others, is the control.  It remains unclear how to keep the wrap in the warmest (Red) mode, and as another reviewer noted you have to keep checking to make sure it hasn't switched to cooler (White or Blue) modes.  I suspect there may be a way to eliminate this problem but with such poor documentation it is impossible so far to keep it working correctly.  In summary, this is a nice well made wrap that attaches to the knee well.  If the cord was longer and the controls worked better this could be a very good wrap for applying heat to the knees.4818 Update.  After continued use I am changing my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  I have found that when tightly wrapped (which is easy to do because of the softness, flexibility and large velcro attachments) using the red setting (hottest) it heats to a very comfortable temperature. The setting controls could be improved or maybe better instructions should have been provided.  This is what I am now doing.  After pressing the large plastic square control button for a second or two, colortemp is selected. I press it when it lights red (this is the hottest setting; it also has two lower ones-white and blue).  After a few minutes the setting changes to a cooler (white or blue) color.  I then re-press the red and it stays at this settingtemp, until I turn it off.  It really works well, provides a very comfortable warm, pleasant temp and fits very well over the knee.area.
Not heavy! Works great! Wonderful price!
I love these bags. They are perfect size to make a special gift even better. Great quility and the print is bright and fun.
This product is great but I was a little upset that the batteries do not work continuously...almost like there is a short in the battery compartment.
Orgasmate Katerina Power Automated Retractable and Spin Male Men Masturbator Stroker Cup was definitely an interesting discovery!  The seller is right when he describes the Orgasmate Katerina masturbator simulates sucking, blowing, rubbing, squeezing and stroking actions.  It was very easy to take apart and clean.  You do have to use a lot of lube with this product. My only complaint would have to be with the power button, which does work but it slips into the top of the device.  The item is larger but the motor is quiet.  Overall, I think for some people, this would be an amazing addition to the adult toy box.  I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
My baby hated this. I thought it would be easier than a regular toothbrush but it wasn’t
I am so sad that this product tastes so nasty.  I don't know what I'm going to do with a whole container of it now.  I really liked the yellow and orange versions of this brand probiotic.  I am trying to shed some of my covid pounds now, so I gave this one a try since it's the 'slimming' one.  I can put it into a smoothie, but to take it straight is so gross.  The whole allure of these probiotic fast dissolve sticks is that they are portable, single portions, individually wrapped, that you can take on its own without water or anything else.  The other two flavors I mentioned taste great!  This one unfortunately, I cannot take on its own due to its taste.  I have no idea if it works as a probiotic since I haven't used it and don't think I will be able to--- the other flavors work well and keep our tummies nice and comfortable.
I bought these for my business. As a pure romance consultant I use this for my sample goody bags that I give out. It includes a couple samples, my business card and a couple pieces of candy! I love the different colors they come in and they were just the right size to fit everything in perfectly. They are very durable and the price is great! I definitely recommend buying these! 👍👍👍👍👍
This is initial review. Got this 4-5 days back. Was very easy to set up and connect with the network and the tracker. However, getting inconsistent results. To elaborate, did everything right viz. place it on the hard surface, keep it at the same location, weighed myself keeping my feet bare and dry. Weighing myself  3 times at interval of one minute just to check the consistency and getting different results for weight as well as body fat %. It varies by .5 to 1 pound in terms of weight and 1% in terms of body fat. Anyone else experiencing the same?
I bought this shoehorn to keep in my car. I have rods implanted in my spine and Parkinson's with neuropathy in both feet so I can't feel my feet nor can I touch them. As such I need help putting my shoes on and its surprising how many times you need to remove your shoes when you are out and about. At home I use a solid one piece shoe horn 32" long which has obvious benefits but you cant exactly carry it around in your pocket.This shoehorn folds down to a reasonable 14 inches and easily fits in a jacket pocket or the back of your pants. It only takes a twist of the wrist to lock or unlock the length and it is sturdy and affordable. This shoehorn works well and I would definitely recommend this to others.
Never seen a product dispense Medicine like this. Turn knob and medicine comes out. Besides that, it works !! I use it for back pain, and on the soles of my feet for neuropathy.
I'm giving this 4 stars because it smells just what you would expect, fresh baked. Brownies!!! I buy from another vender who is cheaper, 16 oz $20.00 that's whyI didn't give it the fifth star
Personally didn't like the smell.
Helpful for my parents.
Followed directions and takes some time so hoping it worked! Not easy to know if it works for money but will try. Not sure I would buy another unless I feel it does help to seal my granite from smelling!
I have to admit, I was a tad skeptical when I bought this product. In my experience a bunch of 5 star reviews can either mean the product is great or horrible. There is no middle ground for me. Well, with this product, it DEFINITELY lives up to the hype! I have had ingrown hairs in the past, along with razor burn and the terrible &#34;after itch&#34; from shaving. This product wipes out all of that!This product does not foam and is more &#34;milky&#34; than &#34;foamy&#34;. A little goes a long way and it left my skin feeling amazing! I use this product every (literally) and it did not irritate my skin or cause me issue!I HIGHLY recommend this product!
I've had it for about a week and so far so good, I think. You never know with cats though, you know what I mean? I love kittens but I can't stand adult cats. So finding out that some random cat has been messing with my outdoor plants certainly doesn't help their cause. I thought about buying a zapper mat or motion detector spray but neither is workable for outside, and although I personally hate cats, I'm the only one in my family that feels this way so I thought this would be more humane. It smells like big red gum to me - I'm very happy that it doesn't smell like a bunch of disgusting chemicals - and because it can be used outside and is safe for plants and is supposed to stick around even if it rains, it seemed perfect. Also, I hate the thought of me having to invest any money into cat related crap so this seemed like the most economical choice too. I sprayed it every night the first 3 nights, including one night when it rained, and then I forgot to spray it the next day so it's been every other day since. So far my plants have remained untouched but I have no idea if it's because of the spray or because the stupid cat just hasn't been around to harass my plants yet. If my plants remain untouched after a month, I think I'll be convinced and begrudgingly buy this spray again when I run out.
These are OK for people who don't need and arch lift.
Good but not great, price was fair.
This lite is great.  Like having a new pair of glasses.
Perfect replacement.
Unfortunately, this mostly just pushes dust around. Very little clings to the brush. I thought after washing it maybe it would be "activated" but still no. I should have returned this when I had the chance. Now I'm stuck with it.Would not recommend.
Item arrived exactly as described. This is a high-quality item that is definitely reusable for multiple occasions. I used this as a backdrop along with some other wall decorations.
This is the first actual neck pillow I've used. I always wanted to get one for air travel, though I dont travel that often. This pillow is comfortable yet firm, which I like. the memory foam is good. it's a bit thick, though, not sure if that is a good thing or not. I've worn the pillow sitting on the couch and it was comfy but my 15 minute test isn't the same as an hours-long flight from Arizona to Maryland. I have just such a trip planned in the next few months so I'll have to update this review after I've been able to use the pillow for a prolonged time.I do like the fact that the outer cover can be easily removed for washing. the snap is great because I can snap it onto my luggage handle and not worry about it falling off. If I had a choice, I probably would not have picked red, but now that I have it, the red is actually a good thing to have because it stands out. I certainly wouldn't lose this easily or forget it.If you're looking for a firm but comfortable neck pillow, this will do the trick!
I bought Rezblock to use in my oil rigs. I do really like using it however I had to knock a star off because if you don't change the water religiously (at least every 2-3 days) then you get mold built up in the water. I was smoking with moldy water for god knows how long until I discovered that. I was a little skeptical to keep using it but anytime I clean my rig and change the water using Rezblock it just dumps the oil out with the water. No more swishing alcohol or other solventscleaners in there to get it clean.
We live in sunny and hot Southwest Florida. Having proper eye protection during the day is critical to your long-term eye health.  Not only that but my eyes have changed as I've aged and I need reading glasses to see anything up close.  Finding a way to keep both pairs of glasses close and handy became very important to me.  After seeing a friend wear both pairs of glasses around his neck I realized that his method worked very well.Since you virtually have one or the other pair of eyeglasses on most of the time, there just appears to be one pair hanging from your holders across your upper chest.  Need to put on your sunglasses when going outside?  Just switch from your reading glasses. No more putting your eyeglass cases down and forgetting to take them with you.  No more glasses falling out of your pockets and getting bent or broken when you (or a friend) steps on them.I bought two different pairs to try out, these HOLDIE Classic PU Leather and a new pair of Croakies Premium Leather.  Both are leather, both have adjustable rubber clips to fasten to the bows of the eyeglasses, and both can be adjusted to fit just about any type of eyeglass bow.  These are both versatile because the design of the rubber clips allows you to fasten them to most types of eyeglass bows. The type of holder that has hollow cloth (or rubber) ends lets the glasses slip out of the holders and fall off.  Plastic clips (instead of rubber) tend to break under stress.These HOLDIEs are a &#34;Number One Best Seller&#34; on Amazon with 191 reviews and a 4.3 star average rating.  They are sold in a 3 pack for $12.99 for an average cost of $4.33 per unit.  Each of the three units comes in a different color for matching your outfits: black, dark brown, and light brown.  Nice touch that.  My only concern is that the leather straps (26&#34; long) are flat and made of raw leather.  That can be a problem in hot climates as raw leather (think leather watch bands) can absorb sweat and begin smelling a bit funky.Overall though it's nice to have three different colors and know that they are well-made.  They also have a bead in the center of the strap to allow you to tailor the length to whatever you are comfortable with.  Made in China but well executed.
Discounted or free itemis it good or bad?I'll make the providerauthoreither happy or sad...........and sometimes even mad.One of my earliest memories is going with my Father to visit Grandpa.  The reason that I remember those trips so vividly is that Dad would always take an electric drill with us on those visits.  It turned out that the purpose of those visits was to grind down Grandpa's thick toenails.  I was still too young to understand that the human body often provides us with some surprises, but now I've developed a few of those thick toenails myself.  In addition it appears that Grandpa is responsible for my thick nasal hair and fast-growing long hairs that grow both inside my ears and on my ear lobes.  Three cheers for Grandpa!!!Fortunately most of my toenails are normal and don't require extra attention, but up until now it was a real project to keep the affected ones trimmed and under control.  Previously I was somewhat successful using a special set of heavy duty clippers that have long handles for leverage, but the results were often raggedy and unattractive.  So being offered this set of clippers for testing and review was a welcome and timely circumstance.  These BeautyMe Nail & Toenail clippers appear to be extremely well-made and durable.  The handles are long and ergonomic and the blades are curved and extremely sharp.  The vendor describes these as &#34;Premium Quality-Surgical Grade, and I have no reason to doubt them.The combination of the long handles (for leverage), strong spring (for strength), and extremely sharp curved blades makes for an effective and precise set of clippers.  They work like a charm on my thick toenails.  The one caution I will give you is to be extremely careful to avoid having the blades cut your skin when using them.  Toes tend to be very sensitive and bleed quite a bit.NOTE:  If you hit the &#34;MORE&#34; button under &#34;About the Product&#34; on the Amazon product page you will see two erroneous references to their Blackhead Remover Kit.  Perhaps the company should review and change that verbage.
Heat, humidity, a blazing sun and salty air create an environment where a great pair of sunglasses are mandatory when enjoying the great outdoors.  Unfortunately most sunglass holders are made of cloth and therefore absorb moisture and turn into wet noodles.  They also start to smell and the color fades.  I bought my first set of Cablz when I saw them on a fishing guide and realized how perfect they were for this environment.  Now all of my family uses them. Couldn't be happier!
Who doesn’t love petroleum jelly!? It’s great for a number of things ;) this one works well, doesn’t have any smell which I like and is amazon brand. Great price on here I highly recommend
I bought this light to grow basil, I hope I’m successful. The LEDs are brighter than I imagined they would be, and the build quality is very good. The goosenecks stay put when you place them, unlike cheaper ones, and the clamp is more powerful than I had hoped. Also the design of the controls is nice and feels solid, I was surprised that they are backlit. I am happy with this light, hope it lasts!
I don't have any kind of beard it is painful to use, when I tried to shave my neck, it was pulling my hair out rather than cutting.
My husband really likes these vitamins for what they contain as he is an avid runner and weight lifter.
As expected
As expected
Not very durable but a fun, inexpensive gift for sports fan!
very good soft, blocks out light and decreases sound mildly
The wife made me do it.
The original bearings were steel that rusted. The stainless bearings fit fine and should last a lot longer.
This is so bright and cheery and made well !  Even came with ribbon to tie onto our ramp!
Bamboo makes the best toothpicks.  These are great.  They're sharp and stay firm when moist.  Economically priced, too.
Just what I wantedLove these scissors
bought it for my son and he didnt want to tell me that there was something wrong with the charging cord or battery.  I still haven't heard back from the seller
Beautiful calendar promptly sent.
I got this for my daughter-in-law for her birthday and she loved it.  She and my son really enjoyed themselves even though there was a bit of a wait at the restaurant.  They loved the food.My only disappointment was to find out there was an extra charge because it did not go through like Amazon gift cards do.
TriNova Grill Cleaner Spray for BBQ  works great. Just spray and let it still a little while. Then you have to scrub at it a little bit. Makes it a lot easier then just trying to use water with the scrubbing tool!
I was very surprised how amazing of a job this product does.  I have tried it on the dirtiest of pipes and some very hard to clean pieces and had great success with any attempt. Instructions were easy to follow and even a friend's pipe that hadn't been cleaned since he got many moons ago was able to come clean with the recommended time (didn't even have to sit for hours like recommended for dirty pipes). I've also found no residual flavor after a simple wash out. This product is very well worth the purchase and now I'm a lifelong customer.
Tastes yummy and it's good for you. I'm lactose intolerant so I cannot drink other protein drinks. I'm addicted to caffeine and coffee tasting products
Purchased this so that my girlfriend and I could better track our weightprogress as we both work towards getting into better shape. The scale appears to be well constructed, works as intended, and looks great to boot!
very healthy, from unpolluted waters (Iceland) with lots of vit A and vit D, and healthy Omega fats. Great as a healthy spread on toast.
before you buy fan Australian Bush Flower essence for this kind of a price do shop around.
Australian Bush flower essences are standard products of known quality. So there is little i can add about the remedies themselves.However, the amazon distribution company is awesome: even though it's standard shipping the Bush flowers arrive very fast.it's easier to get them here than in Australia!all the products from this distributor are the original, standard Australian Bush Flower essences. It's stock essence, which is more economical since the user must dilute it himself, and lasts for many bottles. In order to dilute you need to buy a little dropper bottle for a few cents in a drug store, and mix a few drops of the product with water and, possibly, Brandy to keep the water fresh.
This is getting harder and harder to find in local stores, and is better than liquid version hands down, which has a very strong perfume odor. Hopefully the seller continues to carry it, because it's one of the few color safe bleach products on the market, that is both low in odor and liquid free. It removes stains well. It's perfect for my artificial perfume fragrance allergy family. I've used it for years and it's definitely economical, one box can last two-and-a-half to three months; that's doing at least one load of laundry every day. And also works great as a pre-wash stain remover; just moisten the stain sprinkle on a small amount and scrub.
I am heavier and this stool is very sturdy. Problem I found it slides easily on linoleum floors.
My wife loves my water flosser (waterpik) but needs something portable for her travels. I looked at a good bit of choices and settled on this. She seems to like it a lot and now she leaves mine alone. 😂😂
Kind of bulky, it does the job.
Arrived on time. Easy to use. Accurate. A great product. I'm ordering these again.
Update (91017): I stopped using these after about 2 additional orders as I did not notice any change in my hair growth or health. I originally rated these 4 stars but had to adjust due to them being ineffective.Original review: I received these vitamins about 5 days ago, so I can't review them on how well they work. I'll come back and do so in about 6 months or so.I was a bit leery in buying these, as I read in another review that they were very hard and that someone actually lost a tooth! I can tell you that I had no problem with them being hard. They were about the same texture as starburst candies.I'm also happy to report that these taste great! They have a small aftertaste that does kind of taste vitaminey, but nothing that would stop me from eating these. My 85 year old father in law found these over the weekend (I hid them because he will forage for candy like none other) and he loved them! My fiance and I went out for the day and we came back to 3 wrappers on the kitchen counter and 3 more were hidden in his robe pocket, lol...ugh.Anyway, I have them very well hidden now and I look forward to healthy glowing skin, stronger nails and longer stronger hair!
I bought this for our camper and it has been a good purchase
This is an excellent lotion. I put it on my feet last night before bed and woke up this morning with smooth heels.  No other lotion has been as effective.  Getting magnesium without swallowing pills is the icing on the cake.  The product is unscented which means it smells like its component ingredients.  It's not a pretty scent but by no means is it awful either.  It's a clean simple waxy or oily type of scent that I expect will grow on me over time.  I can't imagine ever using anything else to keep my feel smooth and crack-free.
I bought this as a gift for my mom, it was at the very least a bit of a pain to put together and cheaply made.  It required electrical tape and a good bit of cursing!  Is now working ok.  The grill is cheap plastic.  It is bright and helps an elderly woman to read better.
Does it's job and is easy on and off. Do NOT put in dryer, backing melts and makes it unusable :-(
Used to clean outdoor furniture cushions and it did a great job.  Plan to purchase again.
Works on my hair beautifully. Only complaint I have is the placement of the buttons. I keep changing the temp every time I use it. The &#34;bristle&#34; area does get very, very HOT, so do not let young ones use this or touch. My hair is naturally straight and this gives it a very sleek and lovely look. Took it on vacation and was able to pack it easily.
These were easy to install on the walkers and make them quieter
Finally the perfect adjustable mask to fit my face!!!  Everything I have ordered is too big for my face but these actually adjust to fit me!!!!!!  Very soft material and very well made!!  Just went and ordered more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Loved the napkins!!
Didn't work like I thought it should.  I'm very sensitive to certain products and this is one of them.
Perfect for my kitchen. Keeps those odors away.
I didn't like the taste of this at all, and ended up giving it away.
I've been buying this for a long time, it does everything it says it will.  It cleans up pet stains, and other stains too!  It takes care of odours well!  I discovered this at a cat show years ago, and loved it right away.  Yes, it's a bit expensive, it also takes very little to do the job.
I like the longer length, and I like the snap closure.  I would have prefered the old fashioned ties, but I do not like velcro, so I take whatever I can get.  lol The bibs are not absorbent much at all.  They do protect my clothing!
These pill holders a very bright and colorful. It is like starting and ending your day in a lighthearted mood. The compartments are large enough to fit 2 huge potassium pills with room to spare. They are easy to open and very easy to fill. I highly recommend them. Just know that they take up a fair amount of space.
This is THE pill case! I have used lots of these things over the years and this one is IT. The rainbow coloring is so cheerful first off. Who wants a boring old pill container when you can have these beautiful colors to look forward to every morning and evening? Not me! Give me a rainbow any day to make popping that fish oil a bit more pleasurable. Speaking of fish oil, this container is HUGE. You can fit a lot of pills in each compartment so you can go to town with your vitamin gobbling without worrying about running out of space. The tops of each pill container pop up nicely with the little levers and the whole thing is like a transformer. You can take off one day, or two, or whatever for traveling and leave the rest at home. Very happy with this purchase.
The opening for the headneck is VERY small.  I don't see any way that it would fit any adult.  I put an extender on the velcro so that we can use it and it works fine for catching the hair as it is cut.
It does what it says!  Good cleaning action and rinses well.
After trying a ton of different metal nail files, these are the only nail files I buy!
I wish I'd bought this before buying some smaller cases. I had 2 cases that together cost more than this one. All my oils fit in there and there is still a ton more space. I am very pleased.
Sitting for long periods of time in my office caused leg and butt pain. This cushion provides good support and eases the pain. The price definitely gave me pause but the return policy made it worth trying. Glad I did!  Highly recommend!
I thought these might be heavy, and that the edges of the rings would be scratch, but neither is the case. It lis well-made and lays very lightly on my neck, nor does it pull down. Hanging, it places my glasses mi-breastbone which is remarkably comfortable for me. I also bought the hearts but haven't worn those yet.
Perfect for yarn storage;  project kits or any old thing you might want to store.  Well made, good seams, strong ties.
What more can I say?  The bottle is the right size for a comfortable grip, it's made of sufficiently heavy plastic that you can use warm water without concern that the bottle will &#34;melt&#34;;  the opening is angled properly and best of all, it doesn't leak!  Perfect.
As expected.
 Not worth it at all. It's as if I didn't use anything. Yes it was on taught and tight. No, as you can see it let water in and soaked the  gauze that was covering the stiches that I had to keep dry
Have have taken almost 2 months of this product now and there is absolutely no difference in my tinnitus. Save your money.
It is ok would not purchase again
I have used Dreft Baby Stain remover for years. It is an awesome product and releases stains on baby clothes and adults. I can undeniably recommend this product
Perfect for what I needed. Great price as well . I even ordered a second one after receiving the first one . Pill cutter and grinder are very easy to use . And the travel case is perfect for keeping extra meds I may need in my car !
The "rabbit" portion was too long for me and the vibration so strong it'd make a jackhammer pleasurable. Not to mention it takes 3 hrs to charge but only lasts 1 hr.
hope it works out
The case my jewelry from getting Dusty
As expected
There is no surprise toy. The only toy are the 3 egg toys. It's not actually toys inside of the bath bombs though. Our nephew was extremely let down to find this out.
I like these
Saw this on insta and immediately bought thru Amazon Prime.(better $) BUT it is terrible > Poor quality>Poor instructions and flimsy cord for charging. It took forever to heat up and I was terrified that it would tangle my hair. I didn't have to worry because it would not wind fully.I returned and treated myself to a curling iron..sometimes old school is still the best!
There's a bunch of tiny brushes.
I mainly wanted this for PCOS hormonal acne. I started taking progesterone and Metformin in early March, and they both had my face looking like I was a teenager again! It was extremely embarrassing for me since I'm 40 years old! After about a month of taking these, my skin started to improve a LOT. I am still breaking out here and there, but it's only like once or twice a week (if that), compared to every single day.The flavor is this supplement is tolerable. It has a slight tartness at first and then a bite at the end from the pepper. It can burn your throat a little, but I've gotten used to it, so it doesn't bother me.
These are so handy to have around, especially if you're really into health and beauty stuff. They are on the thin side when you open them up and remind me of gauze (just a little thicker and more absorbent), but I find they're very useful folded (as is in the container).I use these with my toner or just to blot my face after washing and before adding my serum. I also use them to wrap up open beauty products so that they don't get all dusty or damaged (ie. brushes); in that way, they're best opened up and wrapped around the item.This is a huge pack so if you just use 1-2 a day, like me, it's going to last a good amount of time. These are also good when doing mild chemical peels at home - for applying the peelserum to your face. Much like cotton ballsrounds, these are a must-have for any beauty enthusiast.A discounted sample was provided for evaluation and unbiased review.
I'm really surprised at the affordable price of these considering how wonderful they are!! They get out even the toughest stains, don't cause any skin irritation (I have sensitive skin), and smell really good!I have a large capacity washing machine and at most I only need to use two of these per cycle. I love how bright the colors and whites come out. I got this small bag to test them out, but I'll definitely be purchasing a larger quantity when I run out.
I am so happy I ordered this pillow; i like the memory foam and I don't sweat using this pillow.
Do you have extra energy for the Holidays? Looking to spend that energy in a special way that'll put you on Santa's naughty list? Well look no further than this lovely toy thats great for all levels of enthusiasts!First off, the toy comes in a standard Amazon box. Once you open it up, it's right there, and it's not too discreet. So if you're not living alone, be sure to try to get the mail first when it comes. Granted the packaging on the outside doesn't let others know what may really be inside.Once you've got your toy unwrapped, you're going to want to wash it off first with some warm water to get it heated for some play. Also, it's important to note you'll need to already have some water-based lube on hand as sadly the packaging didn't come with any.Getting your toy ready for some play is as simple as applying a generous amount of lube to both orifices, and then a healthy amount to yourself. What you'll first notice even sticking your fingers inside of this toy is that it is beautifully textured inside. Various bumps, ridges, and ribs will make sure from the first penetration, and to the heavy pumping in, and out will feel amazing in all the right places.After you hit your high note, and you're finished, clean up is as simple as step one. Wash your toy out with warm, soapy water, and leave to air dry. You may even want to put on a bit of corn starch to leave it super fresh, and ready for use the next time you want to have a go at it.Overall for the price point this toy is wonderful for anyone whose curious about owning their own special humping hole for the holidays. Or if you're bold enough, and want a good paper weight on your desk. this lovely eye piece will catch anyones attention as it sits near you. Believe me, you'll want that weight cause it feels great sinking down on you. This'll also make a fun gift for a friend that'll sure to make them blush in front of a crowd too if you're looking to embarrass somebody. I'm looking forward to using this toy quite often, and I'm happy I have it in my own personal collection for when I've got extra energy to burn over the holidays to keep myself busy. Thanks for reading!
Great Product!
Will make the cutest Halloween items! I’mLooking forwards to using them!
I like the sturdiness of these insoles, yes they are very hard and hard to cut, but if you want a firm supportive insole they have to be firm. They give me the best support in ,my foot wear. Yes it took a long time to trim them down to size, but the feel and comfort they provide is worth it. This is not a flabby insole, which would be a waste of money and until I found these, I’ve been wasting lots of money. These insoles are quality made and I will certainly purchase another for my boots, these insoles come all the way to the toe, giving full support
I had at once gavin this a 3 star, now I'm giving it a one star, all of my pastries stick to this paper. I just made French Macaroons and they stuck so bad they tore apart, what a waste of time and expense. I bake all the time, now I have to go back and search for the sheets I purchased over a year ago, they worked wonderful, no sticking at all. These sheets even look and feel different, then the other brand. No I don't recommend
I love the product
Great for screen cleaning.
There are times when everyone needs a tissue that’s big enough, strong, soft and conveniently at hand, so keep a box of these Kleenex tissues in your car, on your desk or kitchen counter. Best product to come along in this time of viruses and colds.
I like the freshness and that it is already ground, works great in smoothies.
It cleaned my shower wonderfully
It cleaned my shower wonderfully
Didn't even know there was such a thing until my daughter introduced me to this.  Stay so tense and have muscle aches in my shoulders and neck.  It is so bad I can't get my head in a comfortable position to sleep at night.  Decided to purchase and what a difference...It's like going to a massage parlor.  I love it.  Would highly recommend this unit to anyone out there with muscle aches...don't think you would regret it for a minute.  Money was well spent and worth every cent.
Look no more red nose! But, no more money for the love of tissues please
Meh the ice pack isn’t large enough
You blow your nose into it, and throw it away. It's soft, and durable, also great for cleaning your glasses in a pinch.
I got a heat laser done to my face, (adult acne)-and on the ride home, I brought BOTH THAT I PURCHASED to my very HOT face & long ride home!Worked so well, I ended up with LESS SWELLING!!!!!!!
Works great, keeps items nice and cold.  Just the right size for a big rig!
The next day upon  using the grabber it pinched my hand and I received a small cut from that, all told, the price is what attracted me so it didn't sway me. I feel I got what I paid for, no more no less.
I am extremely sorry to see the death of the chewable orange Dramamine. I have been using this medication since about four years of age, and found an increasing, continuous need for it when I developed ulcerating Crohn's disease, now spread throughout my digestive system. It has responded well to the chewable 50 mg size, better than to Rx brands. Back to constant N&V. ::sigh:: NOT fun.EDITED to add that the product is again available. Hooray!
I like the fact that it has a decent amount of direct skin pain reliever, which I use for the near-unbearable pain of damaged nerves from herpes zoster.
This is an easy way to get the B-12 taken, but be very sure you realize that it contains FIFTY THOUSAND PERCENT of the daily suggested need. This could cause a problem.
They are quite cute and colorful. They have not been laundered yet. But they seem to be a step up from other products.  They were a gift for my twin grandchildren so I'm sure I will know if they don't hold up. But I anticipate they will do fine after researching others.
My system reached over 110 somehow temp sensor might be a little whack but it works and I like the bubbles
Easy clean starts helping pain at once.Relaxes muscles more then equate roll on pain reliever
Bought these generic cleaning cartridges for the price but will continue to buy them over the brand name items as they work just as well.
I like this using this organic peppermint and camphor lotion to massage my shoulders and back! This is my first time trying this product and I'm surprised and satisfied.
This ointment really helped to relieve my headachemuscle pain quickly. I mixed it with bay rum alcoholado. This is my 3rd order because it works for me.
Love this bay rum alcoholado rub! I will order again.
Needed this for my 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens!
This keeps me from having to wash my daughter's entire Bentgo every day OR from having to buy several of the entire box... way too expensive and time consuming!  All we do is rinse and wipe the interior of the box, toss the tray into the dishwasher, and pack a new tray for her.  Also useful for prepping several days worth of lunch at once and then you can use plastic wrap or similar to refrigerate until needed.  Then just drop it into the box and go!
Mom used this soap and I use it now too. This really works and is Essential for Laundry cleaning.
I have M.S. And am recovering from a multiply broken back.  I think I can honestly doubt I would have survived even this well without these to get me through the day when I have to be in a car, at home in bed, after therapy, and sitting for a few minutes in the sun for Vitamin D.
As it turned out, I have not used this product yet.  It was suggested that I take it on a vacation but I encountered no blister problems.  However, another person borrowed it and said it helped their foot feel betterl  The blister never did fully develop.
Much better than the Kleenex brand.
Size is small, and not soft enough
Best powder ever!  No longer getting a rash under my chest.  Will always purchase and use especially in hot weather.
Great product.  Made my clothes stain free and bright.
My favorite tissues!!  I prefer these small cubes to the larger boxes.
The mask is great, but I really thought there were going to be 2 masks, hence there being &#34;2pcs&#34; in the title. Whatever though, I'm happy with the purchase!
Good source of nutrition
I bought these for the guest bathrooms because they look pretty and are not boring square boxes. They work just fine as they are a tissue and they just need to do their job. I bought them for looks
I have a dog and live in an area with high pollen - I've had these for 3 years and replaced the bulbs periodically. In my house my allergies are not an issue. I have 3 of these in the areas of the house that are most occupied - living room and bedrooms - The noise doesn't stop me from sleeping - it's white noise - I knew there was an issue when one of them started making louder noises. I replaced the bulb and the noise was gone. These IMO are effective - I also have one at work. I brought these from my town home that had smaller rooms - I'm now in a house with bigger rooms - still seems to work well. My mother bought these to reduce the smell of perm in her shop. It minimizes it.
This big set of shoe inserts has everything you need to make any shoe comfortable.  It is very handy.
The highest rated digital all moral for mom at her.
This stuff cleans and lubricates. Keeps your shaver like new.
Arrived with frayed threads and the construction didn't seem very sturdy, I sent it back.
I’ve been having a lot of teeth problems and I have a small mouth. The sides of my lips were getting very cracked and A&D First Aid Multipurpose Ointment works better than anything I’ve ever tried. It also helps with dry skin patches or minor scrapes or cuts. It’s very gentle and has been a solution for chapped lips. I put a dab on them at night. The tube is much larger than I expected too! It will last a very long time.
I really like these wipes. They're small (I keep a package in my car) and work great to clean up your face or other parts. Not just for kids : )
Smells better than bonce
Doesn't always give accurate numbers
Ive just started using it at the recommended times to help with my bad posture. Already, the posture support has me in correct posture and my neck feels better. The material is great for its purpose, I wear it over whatever shirt Im wearing for the day. Putting it on wasn't a problem for me either.It functions as advertised and arrived quickly. I definitely recommend to my family and friends. This support really helps relieve a lot of the everyday minor aches and pains associated with bad posture due to sitting at a desk, looking at a phone, and all the other habits that lead to bad posture.The price is right for the quality of the product as well, especially with the discount! I don't know how long that will last, but I'd buy the posture corrector at full price if I had to.
Excellent purchase.  Arrived as ordered.  Used once to my delight. I will order another for my 2nd bathroom.
no instructionswere added to the item.no how or when to use
My knee hurts so bad this is only thing that helps really good I buy the 3 pack
As Advertised
This is my 4th or 5th pair of sleep headphones. Each set has been slightly different.  These are the most comfortable by far.  The padding around the eyes is a perfect addition.  Also the adjustability via the velcro type band is very helpful.  My ears are low set and I have trouble getting a good fit on most headwear or glasses. The system connects easily and sounds fine.  I would prefer a flatter smaller speaker as these can be a little bulky feeling if you lay on them. But at this price point, I still love them.  Battery life is good too!
Thin. Wool matted down quickly.
These tissues Is my favorite. Are use two or three a day. They’re really soft. And I’ve been using these for years.
These are thin and flexible. They clean well and stay clean and odor free. Would buy again.
3.5 Gallon White Bucket & Lid - Durable 90 Mil All Purpose Pail - Food Grade - Contains No BPA Plastic (Pack of 1). Needed one for around the house. It is nice and sturdy. Not to big nor to small for general use.
ME CAE BIEN AL ESTOMAGO,Y ME AYUDA CON LOS DOLORES ADEMAS ES BARATO
My lab work is good with these
Bulky and too thick.
This has an awesome taste but what i didn't love was the fact  that although they said on their website it is third party certified, I didn't see the seal on the product itself.
Perfect for my bedside comode
I ordered this because I have a hip replacement coming up and, after checking out the walkers Medicare would provide for me, decided this is a much better option. While I've only tried it out so far, I am pleased with its appearance and solidity. It is very sturdy and, with the back wheels being further apart than are the front wheels, there is more room for me. Another feature that I really like is that I can pull up on the strap in the middle of the seat and fit it through a narrow bathroom door, while still using it for support. While this is a heavy nylon seat--and not padded--it and the back fit me well and provide solid lumbar support. Someone else looked at it today and was quite impressed. She said they paid over $500 for a walker for her brother that was flimsy, with metal that quickly bent, so that the thing was useless. She plans to get one of these for her mother. The only downside seems to be that the included cupholder can't be put on without loosening a strange-looking screw--we have to find a screwdriver that will fit it. A cane holder is also included. The velcro-attached bag is good sized. If you want to go to the hassle of removing 8 screw--gizmos with large plastic heads (they are easy to do) and lower the arms, it will fit in the included bag.
Oh gosh, oh gee, oh my.....my sister was just saying they got her husband a foot massager at one of the membership club stores and that they felt it was a waste of money. This one isn't! Even though I got it at a discount in exchange for a fair, unbiased, honest review, I am amazed by this!  I have never had a foot massage like this.  It has a bunch of functions. Air pressure makes the massage harder or milder (start out low) and there is also a function that gives you the option of high and low levels of heat.  There is also a kneading massage and a shiatsu massage as well as an air pressure massage. And yes, there is a major difference with the shiatsu massage hitting all sorts of areas between and around the areas that the kneading massage hits. There is a timer and an auto function that cycles through other functions, but that does not seem to include the shiatsu massage. This is really, really pink.  It is also very high tech with glowing lights at the front. The first thing I actually noted was how heavy it is. The handle in the top of the box is really helpful! The drawing says the covers in the foot areas are detachable, but I didn't see how to detach them, so suggestions would be welcome...I don't want to wreck my new toy!  Or maybe it will be in another review?  I've had it turned off for 10 minutes now and can still feel a difference in my feet and lower legs.
Not used as intended. We used to re-pierce holes that had grown over on the back side of my ear. She was not impressed with the sharpness when used manually but the worst was the reaction by one of my ears. Not sure if it didn't like the material this is made of but that ear has still not healed in 3 weeks. Not infected just still very sore.  .
These work great!  I'm allergic to many of the dryer sheets and these don't cause me any problems.
Took all stains out off clothes, then other brands
Good product,  buy them all the time
Great tissues, nice and soft and sturdy
This stuff works wonders !
I wish it had actually the complete leaves, these are broken down and not recognizable as mint leaves. So it makes me doubt that this is 100% mint. For a 100% mint product I would also expect a stronger taste.
I can't do without this product! I use it for my 4 year old son. Great that I can just flush it!
This product was okay...it does leave your skin feeling baby soft, definitely recommend it to friends- you still have to use an additional cream afterwards to prevent stubborn ingrowns.
Love this Heating pad, very nice size
Great size to carry with me
Makes granite looks good and very smooth after cleaning.
Great tissues
Simple to use, no frills but gets the job done. You just need to add 2 AAA batteries. Can't beat the price and the light is bright, magnifier decent, it really helps me to identify if an office is needed.
I love the softness of Puffs vs plain old tissues.  Much kinder on the nose, especially if you have allergies or from coming in from the cold.  It is cold here in Maine.  One thing I noticed that I was very happy about was that not one of my boxes were crushed or coming apart.  I was concerned about that.  I would have just glued or taped the box, but it should never come that way.  Shipping is hard on these kinds of things, but the box their in should not crush like and elephant sat on it.  My boxes were totally perfect.  I'm glad because I have them as a subscribe and save.  So I will be watching for crushed boxes, but I don't think I will have any problems and if I do, how often would that be when you buy in bulk.  So I will assess the situation as it comes.  For now, I highly recommend these tissues.
I didn't like this at all.  There was no flavor and only bitter residual at the bottom of the shaker.  Yuck !  Cost too much for something like that.So I sent it back.
This is the Best in the Market, just wish it were closer to us instead of further away.  Customer service is Excellent, they are very responsive and easy to talk to.  Without this product, I would have lots of aches and pain.  This also works really well if you have stomach problems because of the Ginger used in it, rather than black pepper.  Pineapple is another thing used for absorption of turmeric, but nothing compares to ginger.  I reduced my stomach medicine by half using this turmeric.  Buy with Confidence.
I received my diffuser today and it is working.  It is a very nice diffuser.  Seems to work well with my essential oils smell heavenly.  It is a very pretty diffuser.  The bottom feels a little plasticy, but as long as it works.  The lights were as they should and the timer works as it should and the diffuser has two different rates at which to diffuse.  I have mine on the lower one and I have had it running for 2 days.  You can't beat the size.  It does wonders with just 6 drops and it is so Easy to clean.  This Diffuser is prettier than the one I had before that was similar but only diffused 300ml instead of 500ml.  You may think that is minor only 200ml and it may seem it, but if you use yours all the time, there is a big difference.  I definitely recommend this diffuser.
I have horrible migraines and I bought this hoping it would help. It, unfortunately, was really uncomfortable for me because my eyes get swollen and sensitive during my migraines. I think it would be good for someone without sensory issues or sensitivity with their eyes.
To soon to know if it work for me.
Perfect, we need this because the toilet is very low, good product
Nice unit, good for facials but not in the shower
I hate vinegar(any).  I read it is good for so many things I thought I would give it a try.
One piece  is excellent. Foot feels better with it.  Other piece broke on top on firscwt wearing.
easy to install and easy to clean...good value
GREAT! Holds well and makes a shower possible--injury makes it impossible for me to reach very high and I was able to put this at the correct height for my use.
They are comfortable and fit well and good price.
I have already (after 4 days use) noticed an improvement in the pain in my thigh.
This thing works great!  I used to spend a half hour, or more, doing my feet with manual tools and now it takes just 10 minutes. I have been looking for something like this for several years and I am very happy I found this one.
Must have basket for knee scooter. Helps so much
Looked great at the tables at my wedding. One of the better prices I saw too.
I was really disappointed with these. They smell like mildew, inside and out. One of the gloves I pulled from the box appeared to be burnt as it had some brown matter and a hole near the wrist area. Also, the box itself was marked as size small, but the little barcode sticker that was placed on the package was labeled Large, so I received tiny gloves that were incorrectly labeled and therefore did not fit. Also, the material is super thin and tears easily.
They didn’t stay suck on shoes.  Lasted about 5 min
Item was delivered quickly and is exactly as described.
This product has definitely helped remove some hard water stains from around our sink area.  We have terrible problems with hard water in our area, I am happy if anything works. My husband has been using it around the sink for about a week or so, and the difference is noticeable.  Yay
This is the only powder I use in my dishwasher.  Have tried others, but they do not clean as well.
Works wonders on the drain.
Fabulous on all counts. It lathers very well. That is why I got it. Washcloths don't do well with shower gel and poofs are hard on the skin but this mitt lathers with a little bit of gel and exfoliates like no one's business. Very relaxing and fits my hands well. I had to cinch up the wrist strap to keep it on. It also has a hole on the end for hanging.
I do well in it did work pretty well, not sure if I’ll buy again
It really looks cute but, it has a strong plastic odor and the entire unit gets very hot only after 4 minutes  which is  a concern . Also the box was torn so, maybe it’s been opened? I am returning this product and sorry that I cannot recommend it .  GREAT !!  Amazon customer  service  keep up the good work!
good quality &#34;cheaters&#34;am happy with these & the lenses are very clear!
It works well for my husband. I like that your regular toilet seat goes on top and you can lift this seat extension as well. We didn't use the arms even though we put them on at first. They are simple to attach and take off and are adjustable. They hindered my husband as he has movement problems with his Parkinson's so we removed them. I highly recommend this raised toilet seat. It's very well made.
I am so disappointed! When I opened the package I saw these cute little purple sachets! I wanted to put them in drawers and in my closet. They are just that, a cute sachet! There is no scent whatsoever. Absolutely none!
I bought it because my dad muscle who was not eating well.  He liked drinking them.
I am revising this review after 6 months. The words on the top of the covers have mostly worn off, so I have reduced the stars to 4. It isn’t a big issue for me but someone with memory issues may find this problematic. I have also traveled with it now and it travels well... no spilled pills.... original comments are still accurate; At first I thought it was too big and bulky, but then I realized that it really doesn't have a larger footprint than the one I'm using now. But it does hold more pills! And it will be easier to fill, no lids in the way. And there is less chance of spilling. All the containers are secure in the white box. Also the slider lid is more secure than 4 little lids that can pop open. So all that said... Its a great BIG pill organizer and I’m keeping it!
Love this stuff!  Gets any baby stain out as long as you spray and let it soak in.  I mean anything...poo, spit up, food etc.
Saved my nose from being so sore when I needed it.
The foam roller was ordered as a gift for my husband who drives a lot for work and does a lot of work around the house. He used it as soon as it arrived. He loved the instructions that came with it.
One of those things that make you say 'why didn't I invent this?' Great solution for those with glasses, especially ones with frames that can't really be adjusted.
Peppermint with dark chocolate doesn't get better than this.  As it melts in your mouth, the flavors gets more delicious, but never overwhelming.  Love it.
What a great amount of FREE items! Finish is great left my dishes so clean! Gain made my laundry smelling so good! Wisk cleaned my laundry and many other!
All stuck together.
Simple but attractive.  Tissue paper adds a nice pop of color.
Very cute and heavy duty. Great buy!
I wish it was faster but I think I can live with this.
enjoyed the brush overall. Nice firm bristles like I was looking for. Beautifully long handle. My only "meh" moment the handle part fell out a few times. It doesn't exactly snapclick in precicsely like most plastic ones at the store where you know its locked in place.  It kinda fits organically so depending on how well you have it lined up, how hard you shove and how well your groove is made to line up. I got in there pretty good and it hasn't fallen off again but I feel like it could at anytime with use.
I'm a big shopper of silly cheap gadgets and this seemed too good to be true.... but I gotta say it works!! made wiping down and cleaning my microwave much easier after using it!  Would suggest for anyone who's like me and forgets to clean the microwave often and finds an inch thick worth of gunk to clean off
This is our third water flosser and it works great until they start to slow down. Not all were this model but they seem t have a limited life. That being said, they are great for dental hygiene and clean better than dental floss or toothpaste in removing all the tiny and sometimes irritating pieces left after eating.A great development is that these do not need to sit in a charger on the counter  They have a cord that can plug into a port or with the adapter into the wall.  Charge it, then take it and hide it away in the drawer to use for weeks before recharging. You do not have to have an unattractive dental tool sitting out in the bathroom.
I love this
Hairdryer is small and very compact. Good for guest room and my guest live it. Takes up little space and drys fast.
Following the directions it was easy to apply and seal up my new granite vanity top was easy !
Terrific product at a great price.  Large spray bottle does a great job on all my glasses, including my new titanium carbon glasses.  Received on time and very well packages.
This is a must for our granddaughter when she comes to stay the night since she has this at home.
If you take about 6-9 pills a day maybe. This is why they give you a thousand pills since you have to take so many for not much relief.  An update to my review. Really don't buy. Really a BAD product. Should not be sold as a laxative. I guess I should have thought since they give you a thousand pills they must take A LOT to work, maybe.
the bags are sturdy but the paper was very very thin
Very difficult ft tissues
This thermometer does not work. Took temperature today and it read 34.6 don’t think that is right at sll
I had this bench in my cart for months. I wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the money if it was not good quality. Finally, I ordered it so I could have a place to sit and shave my legs in the shower. It is heavy and of very good quality. Easy and fast to assemble. It is high enough where I don't have to squat to sit. It's perfect.
Yes it's a little higher price but it's well worth it! I love this unit and don't know how I lived without it! I would recommend it to anyone
They work!  I use as backup while travelling.  Awesome idea.
This is a real pretty scale and it works very nicely.  I keep it in my bathroom all the time.
The product works great, it fit the oxygen concentrator perfectly and gives moisture to the oxygen so that your nasal passages don't dry out as much.I use distilled water so that mineral deposits aren't made and breathed in or mess with the function of the machine.You unscrew the top off, add distilled water, screw the lid back on.Then you twist on the top small bolt with wings onto the oxygen device and make sure its secure, this will hold the bottle in place.After that attach the tubing to the cone shaped hole on the side of the lid.Oxygen will come in through the top of the cup, down the straw creating a Jacuzzi effect and air leaves the cup through the lid, side cone shaped hole.Hope this helps
but here it is on the package: With non-fruiting body extracts, the mycelium is grown on a sterilized grain, usually brown rice. ... If you see a product saying freeze-dried myceliated brown rice, that means you are essentially receiving ground up brown rice with the roots of a mushroom extract mixed in.Mar 28, 2016
love it came on time works great and no complaints fantastic
The doterra brand is good but buy from them directly.  Don’t buy product from SM International.  Scammers broke the safety seal, injected something else into the tube, and then put the seal back on without sealing.  The product was oozing from everywhere and then won’t take the product back for health reasons?!?
I would venture to say that darned few haven't purchased Puffs tissues at least once while shopping at the grocery store or drug store. Puffs with Lotion are about as soft and comforting as tissues get. This post aims more towards the convenience of having them delivered to your door on your schedule rather than having to remember them when shopping. Always nice to have a tissue handy when fighting a cold or the flu.
Good quality loofah. Works very well with body washes or bar soap. Does an outstanding job of exfoliating skin in the shower without causing any abrasions or marks. Shipped quickly and securely. No problems at all from placing order to using product. Will buy again when I need them.
as adverised
Served purpose for which intended--used to hand wash dishes while kitchen being remodeled--without sink.
This is an oldie but goodie. Mami would be so happy to see I'm keeping it old school with my beautyhairhygiene products. The turn around delivery was ridiculously quick. Thank you Amazon the shipping on this was INCREDIBLE! YOU GUYS are full of surprises! I was NOT only not expecting this delivery until after the 22nd but it came OVERNIGHT! I'M sooo excited to get started. Thank you Again Amazon this package really made my day! Btw YESSS y'all this product is great to grow and strengthen your locks! It does not disappoint and a little goes a long way!
wonderful powder - really keeps you dry.  i use in certain areas where i sweat more such as under breasts.  works great and has very nice smell. I highly recommend
never have seen such small pill boxes!
I threw them away
Received the device a couple of days ago.  Stumbled around a little bit to get the hang of it but it's easy when you know what you are doing.  Purchased this one because of the many positive reviews.  Good choice.  I'm just wearing it now to see how I do normally.  I can't believe I am such a low stepper.  No wonder I've seen a weight gain.  Darn the reality of sitting at a computer all day.  When you can &#34;see&#34; for yourself what you are doing or more importantly NOT doing it really is a motivator.  Grandma was slow but she was old - I hope to reverse some of that old saying.
Worked for 1 month now wont charge
I put it under my sheets and I hadn’t been sleeping well and I just told my husband I think there’s a lot of energy in the air or something. Because I feel wired.. well the very first time I slept on it I felt the relief…. Now I’m broke in and tell a small mount , however, if I forget to plug it in, I don’t sleep well,very noticeable.. I’m so glad I tried it..
Love these
Dinky and cheap.
I bought this as a foot rest under my desk at work, I was a little disappointed.  It is foam cushion so when I put my feet on it, the foam slowly pushed down and it was no longer rising or bending my ankles like it should have.  I wouldn't have minded it were slow to compress however it was a matter of seconds not minutes so it did no good at all for me as a foot rest.  I wish it would have been less cushion-y and soft but that didn't stop me from getting use out of it.  I put it on my chair and use it as lumbar support.  It works but sadly not for what i really wanted this for.  Its soft, well made, anti slip with grips on the bottom so can't complain too much but its no foot rest.  Sorry :(
I admit, I bought these because I couldn't find my normal disposable wipes anywhere. I didn't think I'd be impressed, but in 2020 - you make do. Well, I am so pleasantly surprised with these. Not only are they super soft, but they do the job well. Thanks!
For the price point, it's better than I expected.  Fits great, sturdy enough for the price I paid, and doesn't feel "cheap" to me.  I'm happy and would not hesitate to buy this for others.
My boss had one of these, but she moved upstairs so I couldn't steal it to use anymore.  I had to invest in my own.  It's nice that it breaks down so if I need to take it with me, I'm not carrying a huge plastic &#34;S&#34; down the hall.  Works really great.  PAY ATTENTION TO THE INSTRUCTIONS - if you press too hard, you will bruise yourself and not notice for several hours!
This isn't a bad trimmer for the price. But I wouldn't describe this as "professional" by any stretch of the imagination. It's a beardsideburnhair trimmer made for the hipster crowd.The trimmer body is a cylinder that isn't very ergonomic in its design -- which a professional would definitely notice. The design is interesting and somewhat artistic in the darkish metal.The entire design of the trimmer is similar to the mercurial style known as "steampunk" in people who are familiar with that artistic genre. The metal parts made of dull metal mixed with shiny metal along with the etched artwork of a bearded man circa 1850 give it that touch. It would be a nice gift for that kind of hipster person on your list.It operates okay and has a few different interchangeable blades to adjust the trim length. It recharges via USB cable and has a blue LED display that goes to '99' when fully charged.There are a few things that make this less than a professional trimmer. First, the pin mechanism that moves the lower blade when the motor spins is exposed. This is to give it the intended style, but it also presents a hazard where hair can get caught in the exposed mechanism with a likely possibility of hair getting wound around it and yanked out. This is covered in every professional set of trimmers that I've seen and having it exposed would immediately put it into the category of "personal" rather than professional.The handle is made of a somewhat shiny metal, etched with the artwork, but it's a simple cylinder without any attempt to create a more natural fit for a hand -- in other words, not ergonomic for someone who would be holding it for long periods of time.The other thing is that the battery life is decent if you're using it once a day to trim up your Victorian era beard and moustache, but a professional might not like having to recharge it frequently depending on how much it's used. To its credit, though, this trimmer does have a display that will show when the battery is getting low, so that's a plus. It might just be attractive to a hipster barberstylist.One small nit-pick is that the blade cover is extremely tight-fitting and takes more than a simple flick of the finger to remove. I suppose that will get easier as it's used more, but I have to pry it off using a comb because my fingers aren't hard enough to get it to pop off.Overall, it's a decent value for the price, but definitely a novelty for the hipster crowd and not made for professional use. But because it works well enough and would make for a nice gift, it still gets a four-star rating.
This is a good idea in theory, but poorly executed.There's not much in the way of Pros, and many Cons.Pros:  - 1. Washable and reusable  - 1. As others have mentioned, this opens up the sides of the mask so so much that it effectively means that you're getting unfiltered air coming in.  - 2. These don't fit an adult face unless you have a small chin. To get the mask to cover the nose, the bottom edge of the mask will press into your skin above your chin and below your bottom lip. It's not a super sharp plastic edge, but it's enough to make a mark when you wear it for a while.  - 3. There's nothing to attach this to the mask, so when you remove the mask, this will fall off onto the floor or the ground unless you remember to catch it as it falls.  - 4. It doesn't work with regards to preventing your exhalation from fogging up your glasses -- it does reduce it a tiny bit, but not nearly enough to be useful.I really wish this worked as described, although it might work for children. Hard-pass on this particular mask insert. We'll see how some of the others work.
Looking forward to using this product in a couple of weeks.
Removes all kinds of organic stains, good for cradle to old age. I don't mean the product is organic just that it removes non chemical stains.
Good lasts longer than Santevia says so worth the $$
I think it takes a while to seefeel the effects. my knees MAY be feeling a bit better. Rating may change as I use it longer.
Cleans pontoon boat easily.
Works great!
A bit more $$$ than the average pill holder but it IS worth it. Very sturdy clips on each compartment that should travel well. Easy to open, nice spring action too. A unique front facing design so you don't have to turn it around for night and day pills.
Eating a few Medjool dates for dessert with orange slices works a lot better and is much less money.
I just love my Berger lamp and I also like the scent of Ocean Breeze fragrance .  It's not too strong or sweet-just right for me.
Wow, you gotta love a product that cleans eyeglass lenses and they stay clean all day! Even quickly gets rid of tough stains! Love love love these wipes!
Works fairly good but rides high. If you have a long torso look elsewhere
 I bought this unit because I have a lot of shoulder and neck pain. This is my second TENS unit and it is definitely better than the first one I had. I am very nearsighted and 70 years old and I can easily read the screen on this one. I don't have to get out my magnifying glass to read the screen,  which is very important when you're uncomfortable  and trying to get some relief.It arrived packaged very well as you can see from the video I attached and even fits back into the box which is unusual! I will keep this unit and a few pads and the manual in the enclosed pouch and store it right by my recliner. That way I can keep the box in my closet and just have the tidy pouch sitting right by my chair where I need it. I usually use the pads for 30 minutes and find that my neck and shoulders are much improved. The pads stay sticky after many uses so this unit will be by my side for a long time! My sister tried it out  I was so impressed she pulled out her phone and ordered one right from the recliner! This saves me a lot of trips to the chiropractor and lot of co-pays.  It definitely pays for itself quickly. It was an excellent purchase.
Love that it has the clip catcher.  No more having to go outside or over the bathroom sink when clipping my nails.
Great transaction and product..would buy again.
Mybat is once again perfect for my new phone...3 phones in 5 years. The phone cover is 13 of the price at the phone seller place.This is my second Mybat phone cover and perfecto again.  See you again in two years, I hope.More.  Ok.  The cover flips over the phone and the inside has 3 sections to drop a credit card  or a pic of your pet armadillo.
A single tablet is plenty for a cup of coffee.I think these are a bit sweeter than the same size Splenda tablets.This is great for home or an office desk drawer.The cylinder container is the diameter of a U.S. quarter.(I have re-ordered two more 1200 tablet containers.  I  take them with me when I travel.
Great product and fast delivery. Look forward to next time
Bought for my daughter  she loves it
Great tissues for cold and allergy seasons
It works well, glad I got it. The jets work nicely. I like the option of high jets or lower yet. Easy to instal. The suction cups hod the jets we'll
its good, just not worth the price imo, better off with 2 20 dollar kinds stacked on top of each other :
They do their job. Gosh they are difficult to keep track of when doing laundry. I lost three of them on my first use. I am certain they figured out where all the odd socks were hiding and decided to keep them company. I found two in my husband's t-shirt drawer. One was in the dog toy basket. They randomly turn up when I least expect it. Overall, they are okay, but the larger ones are easier to find in a wad of laundry. The noise is there, but the trade off for smaller laundry balls is they aren't as loud as the bigger ones.I did notice that when I washed the dog blanket, the laundry balls were wrapped in dog hair. Gross, but at least it wasn't still in my washing machine.
Saw zero difference didn’t work for me
They are Ziploc and work great.
I’m only giving it four stars instead of five because all the pills from both bottles fit into one so it’s kind of a waste of bottles, but this is a great supplement. No garlic taste afterward and they go down like a breeze.
This is significantly larger than most adjustable adult collars, and after having it on for only a half hour, the Velcro that the strap attaches to came off. Not nearly as good as the ones we used to keep on the ambulances. (I’m a former EMT in one of the busiest jurisdictions in the country, just for some perspective.) I’m really only giving it two stars because it’s nice to see one in olive drab instead of blue and yellow.
i paid more money than i want to admit for a custom acrylic tub in a 35 year old bathroom.  it can only be cleaned with vinegar.  yeh.  so this hella expensive tub is a pain... until i got these magic erasers. oh em gee, the scum just rolls off the tub and it looks brand new.  i do not know how i would keep it clean without them because vinegar is a great cleaner and i use it a lot, but you need something to &#34;scrub&#34; with that won't scratch.  voila!
These work great, as expected.
Not bad, fits fine, i would prefer softer material. The material.
First, the good: This product comes in a package with a roller ball in it, so it is easy to apply topically. The bottle is dark, so it protects the oils inside.Now, the middling: The scent is tolerable, but not particularly mind blowing. It doesn't last long.Finally, the bad: I didn't notice that this blend of essential oils really did much for me. It certainly didn't offer me any relief, mostly because it wasn't strong enough to last for any length of time. I won't be buying this product again.
I got this blend because I thought it would help me fall asleep faster. It doesn't. It does have a pleasant aroma and applies easily with the roller ball. But aside from being a pleasing fragrance, I must say that it doesn't really do much for me, so I won't be ordering it again.
Ever since the pandemic began, we have been taking D3 pills religiously. However, not all of them are created equal. These are very good, however, and are easy to swallow, leave no bad aftertaste in your mouth, and are small enough they don't choke the Mrs. Most of all, they are strong enough (5,000iu's) to keep pretty much any nasty germ at bay. Granted, it's not guaranteed to prevent you from catching COVID, but every little bit helps, right? We haven't gotten the virus yet (knock on wood), so we will maintain our regime and take these for as long as it takes to be safe again. Good health to you!
I love these tissues because when I get sick, my nose always gets raw and the lotion in these helps banish the redness I typically get. They are ultra soft and absorbent, and the boxes are small enough to keep one in every room of my house. The boxes themselves are pretty enough to display without a tissue box cover, and I love that they pop up and are always readily available. Whether you're battling allergies or the flu, make sure you have plenty of these on hand because you'll be hard pressed to find a better product.
I love this! It's the perfect size to fit over my scooter
I've only taken it about 4 days and can already tell the difference.  Thank you.
I use these every day!
It leaked all over but the product is great.
I wasn't to happy with this purchase as it's just too hard and not comfortable.  If you are not using it as a neck roll then perhaps it would work for you, but if you are it wouldn't be the right purchase.
Everyone that comes into my house comments on how good it smells when I use Tis the Season
Item as described. Would do business with again.
Handle and back of bristles get hot enough to burn.  Qmaxx made a much better version.  It was made as a flat iron with teeth on one plate and receiving holes for the teeth on the other plate.  The outer material was heat resistant, and was much more difficult to burn your headhands.
Seems like a lit of New hair growth, lots of new 1&#34; pieces.
Very comfortable
Weren’t sticky
I've been trying new dental products lately looking for something more natural that works. I won't be ordering this again though. It is not offensive in any way. I just don't care for it. It doesn't have much flavor or leave my breath fresh. It's crumbly and the bits can easily slip out of your mouth while brushing. I do use an electronic toothbrush though so maybe with manual it might work better. It's just not for me.
It's worthless
Nice scaleShould have included batteries
Wonderful so far!  This is not for taste and enjoyment people! It is for healing.  So just suck it up in lemonade or put it in a capsule!  Please Samsara, do not change the formula!
I also used it as a tincture with charcoal powder for a wound.  It worked very well.
Good stuff
Works very well just wish the stones were more comfortable
I’ve had them for a day and I LOVE them, I work outside all day and it was a pain to keep switching from my sunglasses to my readers now I don’t have to unless I’m in a poorly lit place I highly recommend them 😎
Loved the how well the cleaners worked but only like the lemon smell the lavender or whatever the purple bottle was had a horrible smell
This is just plain great stuff. My hair, nails and overall improvement in health can attest to that! It tastes great and given enough time to dissolve into whatever you are putting it in, is nearly clear. It takes longer to dissolve in cold beverages than hot and if you don't mix it thoroughly enough it'll get glumpy and stick to the spoon until it dissolves. Patience, it's worth it. I highly recommend this product and have already made numerous orders. We even sprinkle it on the pet food for the cats and the piggy!
Not worth the money very small idk how this got good reviews
Very small don’t be fooled by the picture you are getting what you pay for though
These are really well put together. They have three individual pockets inside and hold a standard capsule.
It was a nice bathbomb. However when it arrived it was broken.
I honestly cannot say I have really used it to vouch that it’s sturdy on any actual use but I can say that when I received it I “inspected” it thoroughly and I found it to be very sturdy. The snap on the outside of the case snaps very securely & doesn’t pop open wthe slightest touch. The size is perfect especially for a 4 compartment sleeve, I’ve always found that either the individual compartments are really small or REALLY big! If I’m gonna be out for the day I will take the sleeve for that day in my bag & bc of the bright colors I don’t have to rummage through my bag to find it (impressive bc my bag is always full of a bunch of junk) I also have times where I will be gone for several days so I will take the whole case & it fits in my bag wno problem (even wall of my junk in it)So I’m really happy wit for 2 reasons #1- the BRIGHT colors have made my life so much easier to find wout having to take everything out of my bag!#2- I really like the fact that there is an outer case that snaps securely so I don’t worry about dropping it & all the individual sleeves popping open & then have to spend 15 minutes on trying to find every single pill which usually involves moving all of my furniture bc my floor is hardwood so I don’t even have carpet to help it stay relatively in the same area where I dropped them.
I bought this after reading the positive reviews. The first use and I had major razor burn. Granted, I do have sensitive skin, but according to other reviews and the description I didn't think that would be a problem. Unfortunately I was wrong. This may be good for others, but definitely not for sensitive skin.
Product is cheap and don't trust fake reviews.  Worked twice before electronics gave out..  complete waste of money and manufacturer doesnt stand behind products
This has GREAT sounds, but you can't lower the volume low enough when your trying to sleep at night.  Even at the lowest volume, it is REALLY loud.  It was so loud, my wife got up to sleep in the spare bedroom.  I returned it the next day.
I thought this would on my title but falls off every time.  Tried putting mounting tape on back thing that might work but it won't stay on.
Amazing, compact, powerful
Good for the Money fast ship effective trimmer for the money
I bought this on a whim.  I have been to the ENT and she advised me should would not ablate the crypts causing the tonsil stones.  She suggested a waterpik with some special tip.  I have a waterpik but this doesn't work that well to get the stones removed.  The Tonsil Stone Removal Tool with LED is really a blessing.  If you have tonsil stones that drive you nuts, this is the tool for you!
I had surgery and it was painful for me to sit for long periods of time.  I decided to try one of these cushions and it helped me so much.  I was able to sit for several hours a day as long as I was using the cushion. Now that I am healed I still am more comfortable using the cushion and will continue to use it from now on.  It was worth every penny I paid for it!
Been On  Phytoceramides for almost 1 year, started with a very pricey brand, so I decided to  research for a less expensive  alternative  without sacrificing quality  While on  Amazon, came across Herbal Nutrition,  caught my attention because  their product  are 100% natural plant base , same  % active ingredients ,  the only difference is bottle and the price.  The expensive phytoceremides comes in a translucent plastic bottle and 39.00 dollars per unit.  Herbal Nitrition, comes in a white plastic bottle and  For two bottles paid half the price .  Orders are processed and delivered quite quickly .  Excellent product!  As long as I use this product will be loyal to Herbal Nutrition LLC.  I would like to add that I was not rewarded by any means  by Herbal Nutrition that my reviews is for the purpose to help others to get an excellent product for less based on my personal experience!  My only regret Is they just added a new  phytoceramide facial cream and wasn’t available when I  made my last order.  But will definitely try on my next order (hopefully  special offer will be still available or maybe it was but my husband didn’t pay attention to that, Haha)
I've had this table a couple of years. Cons: It has a permanent &#34;lean downward&#34; towards the center of the bed. Also, one of the legs kept sliding down (the button kept slipping instead of staying in the hole) causing that side of the table to cave, and everything would fall off. My husband drilled a hole and screwed that leg permanently at the level of the other leg. IF the manufacturer wanted to improve on the design, they could insert corner supports under the table top where it meets the legs. That could prevent the &#34;sag&#34; or lean downwards towards the center of the bed. The other way it could be permanently improved would be to create the table-to-leg at about a 50 to 55 degree setting instead of the 45 degree (which causes the sag). Even placing diagonal metal supports from the legs to the table would keep the table up and horizontal to the bed. Pros: It's very easy to slide out and replace when you need to change sheets. The table top also has a &#34;lip&#34; all the way around that helps keep items from sliding off the table. It's lightweight, easy to clean, doesn't rust (we live on an island) and you can place it closer to you or farther down the bed, wherever you want it without any trouble at all. If you do spill anything (remember the lean?) you have more time to mop it up because of the lip around the top.
I ordered this because it just Bring memories. My grandma was a natural healer used nothing but herbs and spices. Once she passed my mom tried ans loves it. I could never find it in my local store.
Bought this as a gift for a hockey playing 12 year old grandson.  Since we have the Blue Orange version, I know he will love playing it with teammates on their trips out of town.
Love this product
This is the perfect item for those whose vision is impaired.  My step-mom has macular degeneration and this was ez for her to operate.
A small allen wrench has to be used to adjust the length of pencil sticking out of holder.  Not an easy task for a person with Parkinson's.
Was suppose to come with a case and it didn't and it doesn't work good at all.
It works alright if you use alot of soap. Without alot of soap it can drag and pull on the skin. It also doesn't make alot of bubbles which can matter to some people. The eye hoke makes it much easier to hold onto as when you use alot of soap it gets very slippery.
I have ordered these twice and really like the soft packaging.  It is perfect for the car and any other place in the house. The quality is great and the price is great.
I have been suffering from anemia and decided to try and add some iron tablets to my regimen. I like the fact that they have not upset my stomach or had any type of reflux with them.
Paper is awesome.  Arrived 2 days early.  I can't wait to dig in,  valentine cards, alot. Thank You so much for a perfect product
Long and sturdy brush that’s Easy to clean. Works great and quality Looks long lasting.
Good price for 3 bracelets. Quality is good
they are a nice size and stay moistened and are easy to use
I liked the flavor, I disliked that it is hard to mix without lumps. I just mixed with a spoon, a blender would probably do a better job, but to much trouble.
Works great it’s the packaging they put it in a huge box with other items that I didn’t know was in there and it’s so small just threw the box away no idea it was even there! Then had to buy again!
Pads are a bit small but they work well. Refreshing and non-irritating on my sensitive skin.
Not sure why this product was even invented when any soap and water will do the same thing.  I washed a green (acrylic paint) stained acrylic-bristle brush in this and it did not get rid of very much of the green paint.  I went back to my regular hand soap and hot water to get rid of most of the rest of the paint.  Too bad, it’s less messy than my method, but not as functional.
These gloves fit as expected.  I use them mostly for household chores but will use them for washing things outside such as vehicles and patio furniture once the snow thaws and Springtime arrives.  I have no preference for either lined or unlined.  I especially like them for washing fragile glass items because even in soapy water the gloves keep the glassware from slipping out of my hands.  I also like the length for protecting my hands and forearms while reaching into a bucket.
As a woman, I love the convenience of Lady-Comp (LC) and the fact that it has no negative side-effects. It's the only "contraception" (i.e., natural family-planning method) my husband & I have ever used, and we've been married over a year without pregnancy. [2013 update: we've been married over two years now and still no pregnancy, LC works great]This little computer is so effective at learning my cycle that a day before my period it flashes a blinking "M" to alert me that I will menstruate soon. It's very accurate. I have irregular cycles, yet LC is smart enough to take that into account and still pinpoint my ovulation day.Supposing you take your temperature with LC daily as instructed (which is then stored in its memory), my personal conviction is that, barring a miracle, it's impossible to conceive when LC gives a green light after your ovulation.With LC, a green light means "Go ahead; you're not fertile," a red light means "Wait! You're fertile!" and a yellow light means "You might be fertile. If you don't want to conceive right now, you should wait until it's green."My husband & I purchased our LC from RaxMedical; their customer service is unparalleled. A staff member instructed me over the phone how to enter my data into LC and answered all my questions.I have never used any other method because for me it was never an option to put something in my body (such as the pill, IUDs, injections, etc.) that would negatively affect my reproductive health. With LC my health, hormones, and fertility are intact. It's a completely natural method, yet with a high-tech twist.LC is slightly larger than a DVD in circumference. It looks like a little flying saucer, especially when its light is blinking :o)Mrs. Thomas
A good bath brush. The handle is nice and long snd we’ll built but a little heavy which makes it sturdier
These inserts are exactly the correct height and I wear them almost every day. Wish i had found them sooner.
Love the packaging for travel. Since a little goes a long way, you will probably get more from this pouch than you think.Easy to dispense. Doesn’t irritate my dry  sensitive skin. Has a slight scent that fades quickly + didn’t trigger any migraines (always a win from something with fragrance).The lotion itself is nice. Easy to blend into the skin. Makes my skin feel pretty nice. The best part though, is definitely the packaging. Besides being travel  storage space friendly, you don’t have to put your fingers into a jar and so you’re not contaminating the rest of the lotion every time you use it.
Typical plastic pill boxes.  I put the one capsule rx I take in this.  First I just dumped a bunch in loose and counted.  Every time I tried I fit 20 or less.  I also fit 20 perfectly when I organized them neatly.  Then I realize my probiotic capsule was just a touch larger so I tried those.  I could only fit 16 of those.  Either way, these are a nice size for storing things like OTC pills or prescriptions in your bag without having to take full bottle and without having to rely on the more expensive individual travel packs.
I should preface this by saying that I have never used a shampoo brush before, so I have nothing to compare this one to.That said I really like it.  I have short damaged (Bleached) hair.  While I was ill and couldn’t really leave the house for a few months my short pixie went from cute to shaggy and uneven.  Part pixie, part shaggy, nearing a pretty standard bob length.  Decided I should get a few things to help spoil it while trying to grow it for awhile.  First up was a oil.  While researching that I noticed some folks who swear by these for scalp massages  to help with shampooing.  I generally use a bar shampoo so I wasn’t sure this would  be great for me, but I love it.I saw some reviewers concerned that the bristles are too soft.  I suspect that’s a personal preference thing.  We had a similar pet brush that did have harder bristles.  Before using it on the cat, I tried it on me and did not like it.  I do, however like these bristles.  Now I’ll add that I have sensitive skin, so maybe with someone who can take a lot more abuse than I can, the harder bristles would be better, but for me, these are just right.Do they help promote hair growth?  Who knows.  I’m not going to be measuring my hair.  Do they give you a nice little massage as you work in your shampoo?  Yes.  Do they make it easier to work your shampoo into every little hair on your hair?  Seems to.
I use this in banana and almond milk smoothies.  It adds a nice color.  The taste isn’t overpowering but if you don’t like beets, you probably won’t like this.  The packaging is good, but on occasion I do find that the power gets stuck in the zip closures (if that happens I just transfer it all to a glass jar).
Little to no taste.  I just added the powder to smoothies and it was fine.  Didn’t really alter the taste of the smoothie at all.  The bag is a decent quality, but I find these fine powders sometimes get stuck in the zip lock so dumping them in a jar has been my preferred storage way.
Okay the flavor on this one is intense.  It’s strong enough that I find I don’t want to chew it very long.  To me that’s much better than the usual weak flavor, but is something to consider if you don’t like a strong flavor.  The flavor sticks around awhile.The packaging is recyclable (I use them for storing small craft items in).
Tastes good.  Kind of a subtle nutty flavor yet with a hint of sweetness.  Comes with a tiny scoop that fits one serving (about a teaspoon).  Haven’t used other brands of maca powder but this seems to be of a good quality.
I'm not keen on this.  I love Perlier products and have used two others in the past.  But this Honey Liguria doesn't have much of a scent.  I like these bath creams scented.  I've been tempted to return it, but then , it does leave the skin soft and smooth.
I have placed two orders of these roller bottles and love them.  They are wonderful and have been a lifesaver for me when I wake with cramps or aches in the middle of the night.  I also take two with me when I leave the house.
Very nice and workable bottles for making oil blends. I love the cobalt blue also!
When I can’t burn sage, I will use this.  Great smell too!
I wear compression socks everyday because I sit for 9 hours.  At the end of the day I've noticed that my feet and ankles are not swollen.  I get a lot of compliments on the design too.
product is amazing thank you
Best reading glasses, ever. Very durable. Will purchase only these reading glasses in the future.
Bought the 2 pack, one for my 94 year old grandma and another for my nephews. Only used it with my grandma, but I know my nephews will get a kick out of it too. I used to have them when I was young. My grandma and I both enjoyed them. Keep in mind the measurements, they're pretty small.
I'm trying to find products to replace all the plastic soaps. I liked these they just don't last very long so for the price it doesn't compete just yet with the plastic liquid soaps. I'll keep trying others to find one.
Given as a gift. Much appreciated and comfy for patient.
The oil doesn't absorb too quickly, but I really like the scent and how it makes my skin feel. The smell reminds me of sensual jasmine.
Didn't help with my pain and now the string through the beads is breaking.
My husband had to try this product for me.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than leave my review on this product  LFI Boost For Him - Get Bigger, Thicker, Stronger, Harder, and Fuller; Last Longer, Finish Stronger, Your Complete Male Enhancement*  Well after I order this product it came quickly.  It was packaged very nicely.  We read the directions on the bottle and he took the pills as recommended.  This product claims to Gain an edge - Boost For Him delivers a substantial sexual boost. It also claims that Muira Puama is one of the most active botanicals with a long history, known in some circles as &#34;the miracle of the Amazon&#34;; Tongkat Ali's primary use has been to promote healthy libido and support normal hormone levels in males. Maca works to support healthy testosterone levels thereby increasing energy, stamina and vitality. L-Arginine produces nitric oxide which improves circulation for solid erections.*  Well after reading this my husband thought it would be a great enhancer.  He also like the other benifits that said it would make you have a  faster metabolism, and increased testosterone. Feel younger, get better workouts in the gym, stay more focused and energized.  Well who would not want a faster metabolism when you get older it does slow down.  It also is  100% natural.  Well my husband took these pills for awhile and I can say our sex life was great.
I take Hyaluronic Acid everyday.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than write my review about. Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid 460mg with Methylsulfonylmethane - Improves Symptoms of Joint Inflammation, Alleviates Muscle Soreness, Maintains Healthy Skin.  I have been using Hyaluronic Acid for awhile to help with my hip pain and it really seems to help..  A side effect is it improves your skin and gums. This products claims to  IMPROVES SYMPTOMS OF JOINT INFLAMMATION - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules could be your best choice when there is too much joint pain and you want an effective, safe and natural product to help ease the symptoms. Hyaluronic acid (HA) keeps the fluid in between your joints healthy and viscous, thereby making the fluid an effective lubricant. A decrease of this fluid due to aging or joint disease will cause inflammation, pain and eventually joint degeneration.Well i think this claim is true it really helped me with my hip pain.  I can exerciser now with no pain.  Also it claims to ALLEVIATES MUSCLE SORENESS - The muscle soreness caused by the inactivity of a painful and inflamed joint will be eased the natural and safe way by taking Pure Science HA capsules. Limitation of joint movements can weaken the muscles, damage the joint and sets a cascade of further physical problems. Hence, taking an effective supplement early on to address joint problems can prevent muscle soreness caused by inactivity.  Well i do try to keep active so my body does not shut down.  This product helps with that.  It also will help MAINTAIN HEALTHY SKIN - Let's face it, the inevitable signs of aging will eventually show on our faces. But there is hope for that sagging skin with Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid capsules, that can improve the elasticity of your skin. HA helps your skin retains much needed moisture that normally declines with age. that is so true. This product is  NATURAL AND SAFE - Pure Science Hyaluronic Acid Supplements, an all natural and convenient source of Hyaluronic Acid with MSM content, are carefully processed and made available in vegetarian capsule form. Pure Science.  These Hyaluronic Acid capsules are made under strict GMP standards.  This company offers a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - We trust our brand so much that a 100% money back guarantee is offered.  This product is also good and the capsules are potent for 2 years from the manufacture date.  This is a great Hyaluronice Acid product.
This product looks just like the picture.  It has the interchangeable pieces that are really easy to change out. Feels really comfy in shoes and helps with the arch. The product is very durable.  Not made cheaply.  Good buy for the cost
This has a great flavor. Works well
Originally I was taking the one a day trunatal ginger gel capsules, and I was so disappointed that they were discontinued! I found these and I’m happy to say they work just as well, if not better! Give them a try if you suffer from morning sickness, or nausea for any other reason!
This is an EXCELLENT tea but WAY overpriced.  Ill order again when the price drops!
I love these little lanyards to keep up with my masks, they are always handy and it helpsKeeping them clean.
I love this product.
This is a very nice product, put together with care and consideration. I even got a crystal I never heard of, a lionstone which is like a more solidly covered tigerseye with a wonderful shifting gold layer, ah I love it. the whole set is great and the pamphlet accompanying also very nice. the only complaint really is that the little set of stones aren't identified and explained. it's still a pleasing purchase tho, the bags are adorable too
I have only had this product for 4 days.After using it for 2 days I had great relief from my allergies.  On the 3rd day I woke up with my combo migraine allergy headache that I get from junipers this time of year.  Because of this inhaler I was able to function & get out of bed.  I would have normally had to stay on ice & flat in bed because I could not function with that pain.This was & is the only thing that has ever stopped that pain from continuing!  It stopped it dead!!  I am amazed!!Try it!
This stuff is getting harder to find.  Please don't stop carrying it! Otherwise my hair will suck, look ugly and well - it's the best thing I got going for me anymore!
Very helpful when trying to locate points.
works well in foods and as a supplement.  I have used this product before and a little goes a long ways.
I cannot get these to work.  Not a good idea for me.
When I clicked on this listing I assumed automatically that these bottles were glass. They look like (and shine like) the many other dark amber glass bottles I have in my cabinet and are not listed anywhere otherwise. In fact, I understood the &#34;4 pound&#34; shipping weight as a confirmation that they were glass. This package was not even half a pound....I am unsure of what type of plastic this is as there is literally no labeling or info about product other than how to mix colloidal silver. I do not feel comfortable letting my daughter inhale out of the nasal sprayer in a plastic bottle. BPA or non BPA, plastic is not safe AT ALL, let alone storing silver in it. You'd think when dealing with those who use Colloidal silver, they are already researching. They are looking for real products that work and are mindful of chemicals. Plastic is a no brainer on my list of do not buys.I wish the seller would have provided a more in depth description that goes further then the, &#34; 2 sprayers and 1 dropper for all your ASAP Silver Sol needs.&#34; that was provided.These will just be thrown away.The shipping was WAY too long, they charge a restocking fee for returned non damaged items and for 8 dollars total, I'm ok with just throwing them away. Though I wish I knew sooner so I wouldn't have wasted so much time.I'll just go buy an overpriced glass bottle set at whole foods.Very unhappy with this purchase.
Because of the way I have my desk and computer set up, I lean on my left elbow while at my computer. IN addition, my husband does most of the driving and while in the car, I tend to lean my left arm on the arm rest. Soon, I had a problem. I essentially developed a &#34;bed sore&#34; on my left elbow, and no matter how many creams and tender loving care I gave it, I couldn't seem to get rid of it. Then I found and purchased this item (2 in fact -- one for desk area, one for car), and in no time, my elbow began to clear up. It took off the pressure, and gave the creams and ointments time to do their work. I like the idea that my arm doesn't overheat, because of the mesh that keeps most of the arm cool. Other styles didn't have that.  The pad slips around a little, but not badly, and easily moves back into place.  I keep the computer one on a small shelf that is part of my desk, and the one for the car, I keep in that built-in &#34;side-pocket&#34; in the door. I told my dermatologist about what I was doing, and he thought it was brilliant!  Hope it works as well for you!  (if you found this helpful, please click where noted below, and thanks!)
Works and looks fine :-)
This is a super compact little light that I about blinded myself with when I was learning to use the controls lol. I absolutely LOVE the size of this, it can fit on even the smallest, most cluttered of desks, as it is just a flat screen with a removablerepositionable kickstand. Nice long cord, easy to understand and control. The light temperatures were one of the selling points for me as I despise white light, and this does not disappoint. It's warm light is perfect, and has different brightness levels. The timer is also quite nice. I will be ordering at least 1 more for my adult son. Well worth the price, having this in front of me, I'd pay much more.
A word of caution. I'm sensitive to stimulants. So the first 3 days this messed with my stomach a bit. After that Im good to go. At 178lbs the recommended dosage is 22 scoops for me. Because im sensitive to stimulants that is just too much. Everytime i do two scoops I end up bonking mid workout. Shaky hands, starving, have to stop and eat and rest a good half hour before finishing. I always eat an hour before my workout and only have this issue with two scoops. One scoop for me is perfect. Makes my face tingle, helps me kill my workout. I love this stuff. so my recommendation is to try it in different dosages until you find your sweet spot. Maybe you are a 12 scoop person, maybe you need the full two scoops. ust dont try it once and say it's not for you. Give it time, give it a chance. You'll love it.
My son has severe eczema and this didn't make him sting. He doesn't squirm when trying to get it on him. He's 3.
My feet fill great. No greasy feeling.
I feel safe on this. It is solid.
Soft. Reusable,  quality, good bye cotton balls.
Love these for making candies mainly I just make organic gummy candy's for a treat they work well and the shapes are awesome. Also can use for jello
Fabulous stuff for your everyday needs
great little kit only thing i wish was different was the key ring to open the tops is plastic which i wish was metal to be more sturdy.
my son loved these
Was looking for a powder that didn't smell like a baby or medicated. My husband likes this powder. It's a little on the expensive side though so not sure if he will continue to buy this.
This shake tasted horrible. I tried mixing it with different things to mask the flavor, but it not help.
Hate, hate, hate. These are impossibly thin. And for someone like me, with large calves, it is a real pain to try to get them on. I returned for a full refund.
Easy to  use
I love it.  It works great and makes the perfect curl every time.  The glove is a must or you will burn your hand.  It takes a little practice but the wand is the way to go for perfect beachy waves every time.
I originally gave this a 3 star review because I thought it was too heavy - and I ordered a buckwheat & rice wrap -- although this is heavier than the other one,  the reality is that compariatively they are very close.... I guess when shoulders are sore they are more sensitive - I find myself reaching for this one because of the cape-like design - it distributes the heat where I need it.  I'm giving it 5 stars although if there was a 4.5 option I'd probably pick that - I wish there was a way to have the contents shift around less, maybe some internal sections, if that would work with also needing to shift the beads around when nuking them to distribute the heat - not sure if the physics of that but if a couple strategically placed compartments were possible, that would improve this.  I think the fill to internal space ratio is very good so don't add more beads, I like to nap with this and don't like to nap with the buckwheat one because it is too thick and won't flatten outbelow is original for referenceVery Very Heavy -- this is much heavier than I realized even though I read the other comments.  It's really too heavy for me.  I'm going to keep it as it is as advertised, at least I think so, I didn't think it held heat as long as they said but I only nuked it for the 1 minute.  I will use it sometimes but will need to be careful with it and only use it for short period of time because of the amount of compression the weight puts on my shoulder.  I'm using it because of an issue in an arm that is affecting shoulders and I want my lymph fluid to flow freely.  I am going to need to purchase something else lighter - maybe the buckwheat filled warmer like I was originally looking for.
This really works well holding my shower attachment low on the small ceramic tile above the tub while bathing children.  Some have said it doesn't stick well if on grout lines. I have not had that issue. It sticks just fine. My only advice would be to be careful getting it out of the holder. Don't try to pull it, instead, slide it out so not to crack the holder.
A real big batch of packets.  Good for storage  here in the rainbelt
Great for Keto diets
Too tight
This replacement bowl & lid works perfectly!
I’m not that familiar with myrrh as a fragrance or therapeutic oil, though I’ve had several brands and types of therapeutic grades of oil - but this brand is very pleasing and looks to be pure.It lasts a good amount of time in my diffuser and the fragrance is very nice. I combined this with frankincense .
I've been buying this particular mineral supplement for 5 years. I did a lot of looking around and research of both the mineral supplements and the companies, and I thought Solaray with their Bone Tone was hands down one of the best. First they have one of the most comprehensive mineral supplements I've ever seen and I have no problems assimlating this, and I am sensitive to supplements if they are too processed or chemically derived.I bought this mainly because I suffered with cavities for many years - after reading Weston Price's book, I thought this plus adding raw milk and salmon, raw nuts and sea weedvegetables,  would help and I have to say it has, thank goodness. I've not had a single cavity in the past 4 years and this is from someone who had at least one occur or reoccur under the filling at least once every two years and at some points in time, every year. Highly recommend.
Love the bottles and the color is gorgeous
Since salons are closed due to Covid 19 my boyfriend couldn’t get his hair buzzed anymore. I offered to buzz it for him but knew I needed an affordable razor designed for the bald head look. We are both so impressed with this little razor. It never once nicked him. He was very pleased with the end result & I’m going to continue doing this weekly for him. The razor kept its charge & no complaints at all.
Have heard iffy reviews about ordering oils on line. Absolutely not true in this case. Product arrived well protected, and oil is amazing.
cute bag. barely zips up and not that strong, so I will use only occasionally. good for the price. jars as described. fast delivery
THese fit perfectly in easter eggs to hide for the hunt!  No Candy!!!  My girls were thrilled to find these hidden in their eggs.  the flavors are mostly great.  the mint one is not a fave with my kiddos, so I got to keep that one ;)  Win!
I lift a lot. Both at the gym and at work. This gives me great back support. I like the fact that it's adjustable, so when I need more or less support, I can adjust as needed. I had this on while sitting as well and it helped me sit upright,  proper posture. I'm sure if I continue wearing it for the great  back brave it is, I might see my waist shrink as well. But the sole reason I bought this was for my back!! I was fortunate enough to purchase this item at a discounted price in return for my honest opinion.
Very BIG. bigger than I thought. It does hold a lot of oils, but some of my bottles are bigger than doterra. So the bigger bottles take up more space and the next area is not available therefore cutting down on the number of oils in the case. I am also curious how the foam holds up or breaks down when oils get on it. Is there a replacement for the foam insert? The case is sturdy and I appreciate the handle. Makes it a lot easier than the cardboard box I had them in :)
Love these. Only complaint is there aren’t enough “max” band aids according to the toddler.
This is another beauty with vibrate green colors evenly balanced to give a sense of well being and delight. Like the lapis lazuli stone I purchased this is a winner.I will be back to purchase bigger stones and crystals.
Ok. Doesn't straighten curly hair completely.
This is my favorite smell in the Caldrea line. It's clean and fresh and smells completely unique.  It makes me clean the counter tops probably more than needed just so I can smell it. Wish they made it in a body mist. I also love this scent in the linen spray, laundry soap and fabric softener.
It was a gift they loved it
I bought this as a gift for my husband and sent it to him on work assignment. He was complaining about the mosquitoes eating him alive even though he had been religiously applying OFF. I said, well DUH, everyone know that Avon makes the best bug repellent. He thought I was nuts so I sent it to him to prove otherwise. He LOVED it. He said he applied it first thing in the morning and it lasted all day. He saw mosquitoes, but they never landed on him.
I'm so disappointed. This has virtually caprylic acid in it, according to the company when I contacted them, and they won't cooperate with returns. Don't waste your money. Get Caproyl instead.
Screw and parts. They arrived in new condition. I carry one in my car, backpack, nightstand, etc. Cheap and effective :)
I have this coffee recommended by Anthony Williams and I want to share this with my Mom and she she Loves it and I have reordered this Chicory Coffee 3 times already and she can't get enough.
It arrived on time. Nice product, clean smell.
Love this product and hard to Find in stock at the big box stores.
Product well described by seller. Construction is sound with no nails protruding. Hinge works well. This essential oil box is exactly what I needed to house my EO bottles ranging from 5 to 15 ml. Would recommend the purchase of this box to a friend.
So during this pandemic, I thought about how I can improve the safety for both myself and my clients. I work as a Massage Therapist and I am in a room with different clients for a few hours several times a week. I came upon this idea and purchased 2 of them. One for home and one for work. My clients appreciate the extra precaution and care that I am taking. Now whether it completely helps with virus - not sure but it does help with cleaning the air and that makes me feel better. It certainly can't hurt or make things any worse, especially if you are in a small space, like I am.
These are light weight and easy to put on and take off. I wear them when I exercise and they do seem to help prevent my knee pain. I would recommend them for anyone experiencing knee discomfort. Hey it beats having to taking pills all the time.
I use these every Christmas. I used to have a whole bunch of holders and I can’t find them. Was happy to find a kit with 2 holders and 5 scenters. A little pricey for my taste but the scent has held up pretty well. Normally they last about 3-4 days and then your nose gets used to it.
This product was priced very well but isn't top quality. That being said, what you do get is a nice cheap way to incorporate cupping into your massage practice. You get quite a bit in size options so thats very helpful, and they do maintain good suction. The only thing i don't like is that over time the plastic cups show signs of being brittle and some have cracked. They did last me quite a while for being so cheap so i cant complain. I wasn't looking for a big investment so for the price it was worth it to me and i use it as my practice set. I did enjoy the cupping procedure and the pump handle really lets you control the strength of the suction quite well. So, if you'd like to try out cupping but don't want to invest in an expensive kit, this one is the one for you! The cupping technique has helped me with my shoulder pain as it really breaks up adhesions and gives more blood flow to the area. I place the cup on a sore spot and suction the skin about half way up the cup and let it stay for a few minutes like that. Another technique is to put massage oil on the area of your skin first, then suction it a little less than half way and then slide the cup around. YouTube has some great tutorials.
I actually haven’t tried this myself, but got it as a gift for my Brother in Law bc he loves this stuff. He’s really picky about his diet and he’s very strong so it must be pretty good stuff.
My daughter has chondrimalacia patella.  This tape works great used in conjunction with another tape over it.  Keep her knee caps in place for dancing.
It really does pull the gunk out of your pores.
This product came highly recommended. I keep it in the fridge but still has a strong fish taste. I prefer capsules in the freezer which are easy to swallow and don't give off the strong fish taste. Next time I will order the capsules and not the liquid.
Bought berry and orange. Both are so needlessly sweet. I reduce the amount to 12-13, and still taste the sweetness more than berryorange flavors. Got tired of it.
Hubby loves this. He's pretty low maintenance and only recently started shaving his head (acceptance is great). He likes it because it leaves a close cut without being completely smooth which he said feels odd to him, he prefers a little rub stubble. So, it does not shave baby butt smooth like you may get from a razor but it's a close shave and super easy! It holds a good charge too, he only charges it maybe once a week and uses it daily.
I have reordered this and also ordered other products from this company. Great quality
Latest Update (Jan. 2018): After 2-3 YEARS of trying to keep the little feet on the scale from leaving black streaks on the bathroom floor, I gave up and threw this scale away.  Cleaning the feet did not work; coating the feet with clear nail polish worked only for a time; attaching felt covers on the feet also only worked temporarily.  Amazing.  SO RELIEVED to be rid of the bloody thing.Update: I removed one star after using this scale for about a year now.  The scale rests on little square rubber feet, and these little bits of rubber leave black streaks on my tiled bathroom floor every single time I move the scale on the floor.  It's like the rubber feet are made of soot.  I tried cleaning them, but no amount of cleaning prevents the feet from leaving black streaks.  I finally painted over the feet with clear nail polish top coat.  That worked for a while but the top coat apparently wears off after a while.  I've had to repaint the rubber feet after a few months.  Awful!This is the best bathroom scale I have owned.  Ever!  It is sleek in design, easy to read with the bright blue-lit background.  Most importantly, it is accurate!  My old scale used to give a differenr reading each time I got on it, even if it was seconds apart.  Also, this scale uses regular  batteries instead of the hard-to-find LED batteries the old scale used.  I have only had this scale for about 2 weeks but I am really glad  I made the switch.  If you are looking for an easy-to-read, accurate scale, I recommend this one.
Terrible smell to the tissues.
EXCELLENT. Very nice and smells okay and I love it.
Very nice. Glad I found it on the internet but personally I feel $16.00 too much in price  for this tiny small bottle. I do like Frankincense and Myrrh.  recommend-glad when it goes on so so sale. It is a good oil.  Thanks.
This is probably pretty gross. I Purchased a burn brush to clean out my coffee pot and remove seven years of build up inside of it but it was still a little unsettled but maybe the inside of the pot was not 100% cleaned. So I purchased this and put some in the pot left it in there for about for five hours and then poured it out and then looked inside the pot and it was shiny include stainless steel which was excellent. I rinsed it out twice. This morning I had my 1st cup of coffee out of the pot and it tasted great well I’ve been missing over the last couple years of not having a totally crystal clean product I recommend the strongly I will definitely re-purchase this in the future and plan on using it on a regular basis to avoid seven years of scale that was disgusting.
Tried another brand once but find this is the very best on the market
Works better than the waxed king.  Gets the particles out better.
Bought this from Granddaughter's Baby Shower Registry. This is what I used for all my children's laundry MANY years ago. So glad to see it's still around :-)  It's perfect for baby's delicate skin, is hypoallergenic.
Put the batteries in, set on flat floor & weighed exactly what Dr. Office scale said. Very accurate
I have allergies so these are great for folks who need to blow their nose …… a lot.
It's difficult  to hold especially  when the suds hit ur hands this needs to be a lil smaller but its not hard on the sclap
I was so disappointed  when it arrived the size is so much smaller  i was expecting it to be bigger it good thick materials i would  say but not much stretch
This scarf is just beautiful and it is lightweight which makes it perfect for spring and summer.  The quality is also very good.
It works here very well for acrylic paint.
I purchased this bag for the White Elephant Christmas exchange for coworkers. This bag is ADORABLE, sturdy and well made. Make sure you pay attention to the dimensions of the bag before purchasing, as this bag is a little small. Luckily it was just the right size for the gift I'm using. You will not be disappointed! Love it!
Lasted couple hours with my 2 bullies.....
I'm not a big fan of this b+ complex liquid. Mainly it is the taste I don't like, the strawberry flavor is really light and doesn't cover up the unpleasant taste.They are also difficult to separate, you pretty much have to use scissors to separate them. Also, I didn't feel any different while taking these, my energy level didn't change.Frankly, I'd rather just take a pill. If you hate pills and are vitamin b deficient, you might like these more than I did.
This sandalwood oil smells wonderful, I love it. It is not overpoweringly strong but it is strong enough to be smelled across the room. It also comes in a large leak proof glass bottle with a dropper included.
This glass foot file works great, you can really sand off the dry skin on your feet with it.It is a little big for my hands, although I have small hands. It also get clogged up a little too quickly. If you have a lot of dry skin, you may have to wash it out while using it.
This powder mixes in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops. It tastes pretty good, except that it does have a bit of that protein flavor.All in all, it's pretty decent for the price.
This tastes pretty good, although it does have a bit of that protein flavor. It mixed in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops.All in all, it's pretty decent for the price.
 This tense device comes with everything you need, including pads and a carrying case. I like that there are so many settings on it, there are three main modes and 8 different types within each mode.My only complaint is that it is almost too strong for me, but I'm a bit of a wuss. My husband loves how powerful this tens device is.
I like how small this trimmer is, you can stick it in a pocket or purse and easily take it with you.It is interesting way to trim unwanted hair. There are two pieces with blades on them and twist the pieces back and forth to cut the hair.The problem is that fairly often it doesn't cut the hair, but grabs instead. So you end up basically plucking those hairs, which hurts.
I love this cold roller, I can get a massage effect while also getting localized cold to any areas that hurt. Mainly I have been using it for my hands to relieve carpal tunnel pain.
This is a great milk substitute. It easily dissolves in warm water, and taste good too. I love being able to have chocolate milk again.
I just got this scale today.  It is easy to use and gave me an accurate weight count. I would love to buy another to keep around the house for my family to use. :)
This is a great starter kit for someone new to Wicca.  I only wish it came with a book rather than a booklet with print way too small for me to read.  Now I just need to find a good book with large print about beginner Wicca.
These did help somewhat for dry eye, but not enough for the price.
I love these gel inserts as I have the double wammy of foot issues.  I have heel spurs and planters fasiicitis.  Because of back issues I don't wear heels, flats are the only way for me to roll. I switch them around to different shoes.  So inserts are my best friend, you laugh as I make such a big deal outta inserts, but there are those out there in Amazon land that know what I am saying.  You get 2 pairs for $5.99, that's a good deal.
This set includes 4 sponges and 4 stainless steel scrubbers.  The sponges have a scratchless, scrubbing side that work well, but the sponge fell apart after 4 uses  :-( .  The stainless steel scrubbers also work well, I just hope they don't rust.  The rust is why I stopped using these type of scrubbers, it was ecky, so they were limited to one time use.If you can't get out to the store due to Co-Vid 19, these are ok, and the price is reasonable $7.99.  This is the type of cleaning products you find at $1 outlets (one of my favorite haunts),
This is actually and a pleasant taste.  My teeth felt super smooth and appeared whiter.  I have only used it for a week,but I really like it.  I have sensitive teeth and usually use a toothpaste designed for sensitive teeth.  So far my teeth do not hurt after not using a sensitive toothpaste.However, I think the price is high for my budget, but it is not a unusual price in the broad market of toothpaste.Recommend
I have been using this for trigger point release tool for myself and with my patients for years with success
Electric Razor for Women,Electric Shaver for Women Legs Underarm ,Cordless Portable IPX7 Waterproof Wet and Dry Body Hair Removal, Aloe Strips for Painless Shaving,Type-C USB Recharge is a very average shaver. The things I like: It’s lightweight, can use wet or dry, comes with a type C charging port and cable, has a storage bag and cleaning brush and it doesn’t pull on hair like many electric shavers do. The things I don’t like: The big size and sideways facing shaver head is awkward and bulky, the lubricating strip is dry, so I need to use my own lubricant on my skin and the blades don’t give a close shave. This all adds up to a very average electric shaver, but not getting a close shave and being very awkward for me to use are two big negatives, so this shaver gets 2 STARS.
If you've ever wished you could hear better in a noisy environment, this VitaSound Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B Package is for you. VitaSound advertises this Audio Enhancer as being able to let you hear who you are speaking to better in convention halls or noisy restaurants. The uses for this Audio Enhancer are far more useful than just conventions and restaurants. We found this Enhancer lessens noises from our neighbor mowing his lawn while we are speaking or watching television inside, when children are playing music inside- we can lessen that noise, party noises are lessened, airplane noises if you live near an airport can be lessened, children playing outside, dogs barking, construction in your neighborhood, loud food courts, inside busy airports, busy shopping malls- anywhere there are loud background noises, this Audio Enhancer can lessen the background noises so you can hear the things close to you that you want to hear. We tested this Audio Enhancer in all these situations and it works every time.The Audio enhancer does not eliminate noise, it simply reduces background noises to lower levels, while amplifying voices or sounds in your near proximity. It is NOT a hearing aid, so it will not improve your hearing. This Audio Enhancer was developed by VitaSound Audio Inc. in Canada, who also manufacture hearing aids. This Audio Enhancer actually supplies digital noise reduction and feedback suppression, making background noise much softer and quieter, allowing you to hear noises close to you very clearly and louder. If you are straining to hear noises close to you from being in a noisy environment, you will love the clarity this Enhancer brings to your close hearing. No more ear straining or asking Can You Repeat That? In noisy, irritating environments, it is quite a stress reliever to be able to hear better.This Enhancer gives you 4 different modes to choose from- TV mode, Talk mode, Phone mode and a Relaxation mode. The TV mode can be connected to your Enhancer via an RF wireless connection. Provided are 3 different TV cables that you can choose from, to connect to the Base unit- an Analog Audio Cable, an Optical Audio Cable or a Co-axial Audio Cable. You just connect the cable that matches your TV to both the TV and the Base unit. When the Unit blinks green it will wirelessly transmit to your Enhancer.  Now you can watch TV with hardly any background noises. The Enhancer itself is about the size of a cellphone and comes with in-ear headphones with comfortable ear buds, of which they also provide 3 more pairs of extra soft buds. For Talk mode, you simply wear the in-ear headphones with the Enhancer in your pocket.  Background noises will be lessened, but not as much as with the TV mode. The Phone Mode comes with a Stereo Cable for connecting with your cellphone or MP3 player. Now you can chat on your cellphone or listen to your MP3 player with way less background noise. (This was especially great for talking on our cellphone in an airport and noisy stadium). The last mode is a Relaxation mode. This mode has 4 different relaxing noises- soothing ocean waves, a waterfall with birds chirping, birds chirping, and a sound of a bubbling brook. This relaxation mode is great if you cannot sleep.You can better adjust all these modes to your hearing with a volume control on the side of the Enhancer that has 4 levels from low to high. The 4 function mode buttons are on the bottom front. There is even a side lock switch to set the Enhancer if you find a setting you want to keep for the mode. There is also an EQ mode button on the side allowing you to choose 1 for normal hearing or 2,3 or 4 for a high pitch frequency boost. This EQ mode button also chooses the 4 different relaxation modes you want to hear. Should your Enhancer suddenly not work right, there is a Reset you can use by pushing the tiny inset button with a pin type object. Included in this Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B are the Audio Enhancer, headset with microphone, Stereo Cable for cellphone or MP3 Player, Neckloop, Bag Case for headset, Base Unit, AC Adapter Plug, 3 TV cables-Analog, Optical and Co-Axial, 3 sets of Extra Earbuds, a User Manual and a Warranty. If you experience any problems, the User Manual is very easy to understand, and there is also a phone number to speak to a tech.You do have to charge the Enhancer in the Base Unit before your first use, as well as whenever the battery gets low, which the blinking lights will tell you. You can test how well this Enhancer works in eliminating background noise when you first try it, by simply having your TV on and speaking to someone near to you in the same room. I had my husband speak to me with the TV on, as I kept putting the Ear buds in and out of my ear. With the Earbuds in, I could hear a quiet TV and a louder husband. With the Earbuds out, I could hear a loud TV over my husband. You definitely can hear what is close to you way over the background noises. There is one very important thing to mention about this Enhancer- make certain the volume is ALWAYS on low before placing the Earbuds in your ears. If the speaker and microphone are too close, a high pitch whistle can occur. The whistle can be irritating, but not if the volume is on the lowest setting.Also, when adjusting the settings, keep the volume on low as once again, there can be a clicking noise which is irritating if the volume is high. This Personal Audio Enhancer is wonderful for eliminating irritating or loud background noises. It is a 5 Star product, but I have to reduce it by 12 Star due to having to always put it in my ears with a low volume to eliminate any chance of the whistle or clicking noises, which can occasionally occur if a person is too close or while setting the modes. These whistles or clicks rarely happen, so they are not an issue- I just don't like hearing them if they should happen, so I keep the volume low when first putting the buds in my ears. If you have a lot of loud background noises in your environment, whether it be at home, work or out and about, you will find this 4 12 Star Audio Enhancer invaluable. When our next door neighbor was remodeling recently, these earbuds saved me from downing a bottle of aspirins every week, so they are worth the price for your hearing headaches alone!
I am disappointed because I ordered two Rose Gold curlingflat irons that are shown on the box but they were Gold.  Also, the products we're made cheaply.
What I dislike is that the balls have to be charged after every washing. There is no scent and it's good for sensitive skin. The freshness is there but only after the balls have been sanitized in direct sunlight. Also it really doesn't kill odors as strongly as I would have liked
My dentist recommended this type of tooth brush. I like the feeling of the brush on my sensitive mouth.
My bottom is RAW!!! These wipes took the skin off my bottom! After only using them for a week I had a bloody bottom. I would NEVER use these on a child or baby. These are TERRIBLE!
I recommend this to everyone. This is a life saver!!!! If you have a baby or a child that has nose discharge or is congested I would definitely use this. It saves time and energy. It has different settings for suction and easy to clean.
I have a pair of heavy glasses and a super tiny nose bridge. I notice that it works better if my nose isn't oily, and I usually have to reapply at some point through the day, but I swear by this product. It has made going on dates, working in the lab, and driving so much better!
Bought as a gift for my friend and she likes them.  She hasn't experiences any problems , so I am happy!
This product works pretty good for upper shoulder muscle issues, and it has a nice menthol smell that reminds me of Vicks.  This is a cream that absorbs well into the skin, but I do have to use quite a bit so do not expect it to last very long.  Having said this, it is priced more reasonably than some of the other pain creams out there and in addition to the topical analgesic also has ingredients such as aloe, arnica, boswelia, bromelain, and MSM.  All of these other ingredients have anti-inflammatory properties, so overall this product has a good combination of ingredients to combat muscle pain.
My husband is really into his Norelco shaver and all the different replacement blades.  As with all his past replacements new blades take about 3 or more shaves to really seat good with blades and cutters. He always applies a drop of shaver oil to each new blade. These blades worked good for him. They are sharp and gave good close shaves and are also quiet running. As far as how long they last time will tell but the cost of these blades are about 13 of OEM Norelco blades and all the OEM ones he has tried last about 6 months. Overall these are good working heads and a good value.
If you don't really like eating sliced beets, this powder is a good solution to get the nutrients by adding it to a smoothie drink with other items. This product mixes well in a blender. Beets are good for lowering blood pressure and many other benefits.  Healthy alternative to eating beets.
I ordered this shaver for my husband to try, and we’ve had nothing but problems with it. It wasn’t charged at all upon receiving it, it was completely dead.  We put it on the charger for several hours as the manual recommended and it worked.While charging there is a red light next to where the cable plugs in, and the light stays lit all the time  even after the shaver is charged. So you never knew if the battery if fully charged and whether or not it will overheat.The shaver manual is not much help and in fact makes this product more confusing. The printed manual and writing on the shaver box have conflicting charging instructions. The manual says to charge up to 8 hours and advises no longer.  The box says 1 hour for 60 minutes of shaving. This is kind of confusing because my husband was never able to get 60 minutes of use after charging.  He was only able to get 2 shaves each at about 7 minutes before the battery went dead and had to be recharged.So…. my husband will not be using this shaver since the battery keeps going dead. And the rotary blades are weakening from pressing the shaver against his face.  This shaver is a no-go.
Every day I take probiotics, digestive enzymes, multi, B-12 and an immune supplement.  The one that makes the most difference for me on a daily basis is the probiotic.  While all the probiotics I have tired basically work, there's no question that some work better than others.  This is one of the better products and seems to help more with the IBS than others.  I've only been using for less than a week and it is working good and no stomach upset.  The serving size is 3 capsules, and dosage recommendation on the label is 1 in the morning, 1 during the day, and 1 in the evening.  So this bottle gives a 1-month supply, and the price is reasonable for a good probiotic.
The appearance of this shaver is almost elegant.  My husband does not have a bald head so testing was only done on daily beard growth. All 7 blades revolving at once would lead one to hope shaving is quick. But the blades did not give him a close shave and took at least 8 minutes or more to finish.  He had to move the shaver slowly back and forward too many times.  He has another shaver but he was hoping that this 9-in-1 would be his favorite. The nose trimmer attachment and the beard trimmers work okay.  The battery life of this shaver having 90 minutes of shaver time is better than any other shaver he has used, but his Norelco shaver gives a super close shave in about 5 minutes.  I am giving this item 3 stars but not recommending it, although it may do a better job on shaving a bald head.
This is a sharp looking cigar humidor with a flawless Rosewood finish.  The dimensions shown in the listing photo are accurate, so it is a generous size. While it is hard to say how many cigars this will hold because there are so many different sizes of cigars, the company has a chart posted in the lower area of the description that gives an idea of how many should fit depending on the gauge and type of cigar.The hygrometer is easy to read and without its frame the face measures 1.5”.  The bottom of the humidor has felt adhered to protect the box as well as the surface where it will be kept.  The lid opens and closes easily, and when you open it all the way it will stay open until you shut it.  This humidor is strong and durable and weighs 3 lb,+ 7.7 oz.  The provided divider stays in place with a tight fit.Overall, this is a well-constructed, elegant, and functional cigar humidor at a reasonable price. It has an attractive design and well-deserving of 5 stars.
It’s amazing this fish oil is traceable back to the fishery it came from.  My doctor said taking 1000 mg daily should be enough for me. This is my first experience using this product and so far my impression from reading about the company is they are extremely sensitive to recycled plastics and saving the environment. I didn't have any side effects after taking this fish oil. Digestion is most always an issue today with foods as many are just that, indigestible. I like this product’s ingredients are and they appear to be one of the highest quality fish oils on the market. I started one before eating. I may up the dose by one in the evening and if any changes occur will update later.  So far nothing to complain about and the product deserves 5 stars.
Vitamin D3 is one of several supplements which if I take in pill or table form upsets my stomach, so as with those other supplements am happy to try this D3 in gummy form.  These gummies are really good!  Their fruity flavor tastes great, they dissolve easily, do not upset my stomach, and are a good dosage.  2 gummies = 2000 IU.  Priced reasonably and made with citrus fruit pectin, this one is worth adding to my daily health regime.
We do not have mosquitos here where I live, but we do get bites from chiggers, blister beetles, black ants, red ants, gnats, and spiders. I am especially prone to chigger bites and  was hoping this product would help with them since the itching is almost unbearable.  But it did not help at all with the chigger bites.  It does however help the itching with other insect bites.
Personally, less sweet would be okay with me. The flavor is very good and tastes fruity much like raspberries.  This is actually a great product with all the other combined B Vitamins added. The bottle says 60 servings. I am taking a half dropper a day because of all other vitamins I take every day.  The bottle dropper works good and no leaks in cap rim as I shake it every time before using.  Still, I think it is critical to get enough B12 especially for us older folks.  This product also has a long expiration marked on the bottle. This brand deserves high marks except for being a bit oversweet. I still recommend it and feel it is a good value.
This is a quality natural product and non GMO. I have no complaints and no side effects.  BCAA formulas are working good for me. I have been taking them over the years but not every day. When I read the ingredients, this brand has a lot of goodness. I don't work out a lot other than using a treadmill and brisk walking, but being older I like this product because it helps with muscle fatigue. In my opinion this is a value brand compared to others I had purchased in local stores costing almost double in price.
This product works for me. I don't have a serious constipation problem but just enough at times that need attention.  Taking the recommended dose and within 24 hours they slowly work without any side effects. I also think for me I could reduce the dose to half and still be okay. I feel this is a good product as it does what it is supposed to.
When I first opened this toothpaste, I found that it was very thick... meaning I had to press the toothpaste tube rather hard to get the toothpaste to come out.  But on the plus side, once you get this on your toothbrush, it isn't going to drip off.  As far as smell and taste, it has a pleasant smell and taste.  It's not overpowering like some tooth pastes, but it's not the most gentle either.  It does what it's supposed to do and cleans the teeth, and with the Sodium Fluoride I am sure it helps reduce cavities.  It's an okay toothpaste.
Along with the fact that these are wonderful at keeping the bloating away, they capsule size is also medium so they are easy to swallow.  Some capsules are so huge I cannot take them, but these are average size.  Great product!
I recently had gum surgery, so having the opportunity to test this toothpaste came at the right time. This toothpaste has a very nice refreshing taste, and cleans the teeth. It is kind of a yellowish color gel.  It tastes fresh, but is mild so it doesn’t burn or sting the gums as some toothpastes do.  It is the perfect tooth product to use after dental surgery, but it is really a pleasant toothpaste to use especially if you have sensitive gums.  Highly recommend.
First time use with this product gave my mouth a fresh clean feeling. The mint flavor is mild and pleasing. I felt no burning in my mouth or lips.  The gel is thick and I had to press the tube harder than normal, but after about a 2 minute brushing and then rinsing out with just water, my teeth felt clean and bright.  I like that it doesn't leave a gritty feeling after brushing and it did brighten my teeth color.  My opinion is the product was a good experience and I certainly recommend it.
This supplement has all the products in it that I like to take and have been taking separately.  And better yet, it adds a probiotic Lactobadillus Acidophilus so can’t ask for more in a daily supplement.  I love this product!  Immune Blend has so many great ingredients that have been proven to have immune and other health benefits – Vitamin C, Zinc, Elderberry, Echinacea, Garlic Turmeric and more.I do want to comment that since this product has turmeric and garlic and both are known to have blood thinning capabilities, I personally would stop taking this product several days before any type of surgery.  And by all means talk to your doctor about taking any product that contains these ingredients if you take blood thinners.My final thoughts: I am thrilled to find a product that contains such a great blend of ingredients to help us stay healthy and fight off viruses.
Love the selection of colors and that these are all hypo-allergenic. Perfect!
Great mask. No filter though.But still great mask.
This a great little pack of sanding blocks.  I also use this to sand cardstock for card making.  But do love them to buff and smooth nails before adding polish.
This has really helped with the stye’s in my eyes. I had about 2 on the rim of my upper eye lid and one on the rim of my lower eye lid. And I had a couple of styes on my other eye too. I used to apply this oil 2-3 times a day with a Q Tip. After going through a couple of bottles I found they had all disappeared one after the other over a period of 1-2 months. No side effects nothing
I have been using this for a hot minute. 1 Tablespoon on an empty stomach will get your there quick. Remember that kava is fat soluble so take it with almond or coconut milk. Not a bad bang for your buck.
Got a new pair of golf shoes that run a little large and thus got heel blisters the first round I walked in them.  After using these, the fit is more snug and comfortable and I'm no longer getting blisters.
These bags are very strong and easy to see through. I'm using them to move and store belongings. They are easy to get off the roll. I bought another box to have on hand.
This brush straightener works just as described.  I'm so glad I bought it from Apalus at $29.99. Definitely recommended to my friendsfamily. Best money I've spent so far!
Good Product.  As advertised.  Arrived on time.
Needs to be more evident what the scent is imo
I really like this holder. It clicks on my keychain and my oils are always handy
-The spray nozzle does not spray evenly and leaks huge globs of the oil out on to my mat.-It takes a ton of spraying to even cover your mat so I feel like this is going to last maybe 5-7 uses.-The smell is nice and I like that it comes with a microfiber towel but the towel itself is hideous and too big.Overall, I do not recommend this product.
This was super fussy and difficult to implement. It's not much more expensive to have your doctor run this panel for you at less cost if your insurance will cover it, and those are much more accurate. Drawing enough blood from your fingers for this is so challenging, and I do glucose tests regularly, so I'm used to finger pokes. But enough to fill 8 dots on the chart took a lot of time and blood. The results are not even close to the one I had done by my doctor very recently, and I'm eating the same way.
This is a great quality probiotic strain that really can help with so many issues. For me, it helps with autoimmune inflammatory issues so much! I'm really happy with how well these work.
Bob's red mill chia seeds are great! I love these for a morning keto 'cereal' or as a dessert pudding. The company is known for high-quality ingredients, and these are on par. The spoon set is uselsss. They're really hard to turn for use, and they don't come apart, so you have to wash all of them, even if you didn't use them.
These are great cleaning gloves! My hands are sensitive to heat and get all tingly but with these gloves, I don't notice that. These aren't like the thin normal gloves you get at the store, these are really cushy inside and they feel pretty sturdy. I recommend these!
This is a great supplement for lowering blood sugar and aiding digestion. You don't need to go to strange lengths to take it, it's not meant to taste like fruit. You don't need to hide it in smoothies or soup. Just add 14 tsp of this into a small cup of warm water 2 times a day and drink. It's not going to taste delicious, but it's really just like a slightly bitter tea. If you're used to herbal remedies, you won't be phased by this. If you're used to gummy vitamins, you probably won't like it.
These are used all over hour house. From kitchen to the craft room, and many places in between. My husband even uses them for stuff in the garage and his electronics. They're sturdy and hold a lot. I also love that you can see through them easily.
These are good dish gloves! These aren't lined like my other pair. I like that when the water is really hot I don't really feel it through the gloves. The package has a few ideas on other ways to use these and I used a sharpie to write what I use for what so I don't confuse them. The large is a little too baggy for me so I would have gone for a medium. These are great gloves, I recommend them.
This is a great whole food source to help support both liver function and helps with insulin resistance. It's well-sourced and good quality, ready to use with foods in smoothies, soups, etc. I'm really happy with the quality and ease of use!
This is a great way to add antioxidants to your food! I prefer fresh, but it's not like I can find Acai berries at my local grocers! SO this is the next best way to include them into your foods. Easy to use, versatile - add to yogurt, smoothies, etc.
This is a great way to boost your immunity -add a little into your foods for both health benefits and flavor! I love the convenience. I usually prefer using fresh foods, but when something like red reishi mushrooms are hard to find in my area, this is the second-best way to go!
These are so much easier to fill since they have a flat base. Perfect for packing up snacks for tailgating! I love that you can hear when it's closed. These are also sturdy enough to hold a bunch of toiletries. We packed our dental care in one, hair products in another, and they kept our toiletries bag neat and organized for a recent overnight stay out of town.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate the wide flat bases of these Ziplocs! I like to make ahead and freeze meals, and it's often awkward to fill them without someone else holding them open. These stand up by themselves, and make it so much easier! Love them!
Does great job of cleaning floors,easy to use...
Love love love these socks.They are so snuggly on your legs and makes your legs feel so great.Compression socks are great when your on the go, busy or relaxing. One of my best buys ever!
Great buy :) very happy
The mask is easy to clean,has elastic to hold on the child's head. But it runs small,it did not fit my nine year oldest face. It also has a strong chemical smell.
They would probably work for other shoes but the pin was too thick for the shoes i needed fixed.
I love these masks, finally I can breathe in a mask! It's a little large for me, but I fixed that with ear adjustment pieces and I am so comfortable that I bought 2 sets for my husband and my daughter!
Love the product. The scent seems different than before, much stronger. Bit I love it just the same!Had to return and recieve new ones as the first two had spilled out everywhere! Just be aware this can happen.The new ones were packaged perfectly however, no spills.
Very roomy backpack for my husbands scooter
A delicious way to enjoy chocolate and still stay keto.
We really like these tissues because when we have a cold we go through a lot and it saves our nose!  We could never go back now after using the lotion tissues we like puffs brand they are very sturdy and don’t fall apart very easily.  I have found these cheaper in the store and I do have Amazon prime and they are a bit expensive I wish the price would come down I have to buy these online.
Holds a lot of stuff in our small RV very well made too!!! Only thing is our headrest is one piece and it is a tight connect.
I ordered a small and somehow ended up with either a medium or large. Little big for my taste.
If you have never used on before, you will have a learning curve to get over.  It is not an electric razor that you rub back and forth over your face.  you are not trying to get to the base of the hairs, you are "Plucking" them.  Go lightly and slowly across the area you want to pluck.  Repeat a few times as needed.  It will get those pesky hairs just out of sight under you chin or neck, that drive you wild, and will even get the peach fuzz that has gotten long enough to be annoying.  I love this style.  My first was a "Twizzer"  and had only one "tweezer" on the head.  this one has 6 sets of tweezers, alternately single and double.  It gets Everything!  And you WILL get used to the feel of being tweezed by it.  Just give it a chance and you too will love it!
Works okay. Is pretty good, but not great.
The sweet rose smells amazing!  This is definitely a product that I feel good about using - the ingredients are all natural and the instructions are very clear on how often to clean your mat.  I will say, I spritzed my whole mat from top to bottom after every class, and I am actually out after roughly 15 classes.  In other reviews, I read that it lasted some people a year - fair warning, it won’t.  Other than that, I love it!  I just reordered another bottle!
Good product but individual wipes are a bit small unless you are using them on children.
The card holder section comes apart easily, the liners don't stay in to hold the cards in place. The magnet is not strong enough to hold the cover closed. I gave it away and ordered one from another company.
I use this product for my natural hair and it works good too.
This isn't an instant fix as the pictures would suggest, but if you use it regularly it will show a marked improvement over a few weeks.
Hand slips on pointed end. Not for thick nails! Nail guard near clipper doesn't allow full nail inside to clip. Catcher doesn't keep clipped pieces inside, they fall out. Clips are rough, jagged, not clean cut edges. Absolutely returned for refund.Sorely disappointed with this item.
Always have loved scrub buds.Better priced than other sellers.
Doesn't come with a charging cord.
The rolls are a bit smaller than you probably would expect. But the TP is just fine.
This product is great for cleaning and this is a good price.
Do your lures stink? They probably do and you don't realize it. Wash them in this soap and your catch rate will increase.
The parts fit together well but the squeegee is too flimsy and too narrow (if you put even a bit too much pressure, it is almost to the metal).  Squeegee doesn't work very well.  Not worth the hassle of returning but wouldn't buy again or recommend.Although you can take it apart to make it shorter, a full telescoping of all parts would be more convenient also
Best product out there containing all daily minerals. Great taste, the 2.0 peach is too yucky so I'm sticking with this flavor. Just BEWARE if you are on pain pills or management like Percocet, Oxycoctin, Methadone, etc, taking this daily as directed will clean you of all your meds and put you into withdrawal. Learned that the hard way. My pain DR informed me of this as well. Otherwise, highly recommended.
Works wonderful for bridge work and or partials etc. Perfect for hard to reach places or narrow spaces. I am glad I purchased, taking care of my teeth has never been easier! Product arrived in a timely manner. Item in good new condition. Will purchase again! Thank you!
It's such a simple design, but the material is so soft and provides great sound dampening. I highly recommend it for road trips and just day time naps. Great product!
Maintains sharpness-reasonable price
good product
I use Dial soap because it does the best job of fighting odor, particularly during the summer when it's so hot and humid in the South.  Leaves me feeling clean and fresh, rinses well, nice fragrance.  Really like the mountain fresh fragrance, but hard to find!
Good product, works as advertised. Can use on skin with no irritation for single day use. Do not sure and leave it on, otherwise you will probably get a rash after a few times of this.
This is a great comparison to Johnson and Johnson brand
Just okay.  Serve their purpose.
Is little tight need to wear couple time fit okay.
DOESN'T CLEAN ......TRY OUNCES ,OUNCES.... THEN THE REST OF BOTTLE
My 6 yr old granddaughter inflated this for me. It's that easy. I do 15 mins a day and have received some pain relief. It's a inexpensive way to get some relief. I've not had this long but so far all the parts work without issue.
I didn’t realize it’s going to change structure of my soup, like jello and I don’t like it. Now thinking how can i use it. Good things is it doesn’t change a taste!
These liners are a good value. They are thicker than I was looking for, but they worked out.
The loofah is very thick. It does not fit nicely in my hand and you need to put a lot of soap on it to get it soapy. Since it's so thick it takes a very long time to dry, much longer than my last one. If it doesn't dry well it will start to grow mold and smell. I would not recommend getting these.
Does not fit well under airline seat
Nice massager the fabric that's against your neck is a bit rough but over all it works and does what it's job
I would give this less stars if I could; stay far, far away.
it's a beautiful scale and it's accurate - i have another different kind of scale at home.  they showed almost the same reading.  thanks, etekcity.
It really did take care of stuffy smell in the small room
I nice love them
I just got this product today. I was a little nervous that this product would taste like fish burps i had in the past from capsules of fish oil i took before. I am very delighted to report that the flavor is very acceptable. It tastes like oil with a slight lemon flavor. The fishiness of the flavor is very slight and almost imperceptible.Im going to take 2 teaspoons a day and see if that lowers my cholesterol which is now slightly too high. Ill update this review in the future.
Love this product.  Tastes great, no chemical after taste.  Been sick once in three years, feel great with lots of energy.
The tool itself is great but it's almost useless bc it won't stay on the floor. The suction cups come off easily. It's a shame bc it could be brilliant.
Never had a glass nail file before.  It is very smooth.   Files nails without snagging.  It comes in a nice leather sleeve to carry in your purse. It’s a pretty design as well. Very satisfied with it.  Hoping it will last much longer than my regular foam file.
product does a pretty good job and they are much cheaper than custom. Haven't found the perfect product but this one is better than most.
I bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. I started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. I also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. I would highly recommend this for many reasons.
I bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. I started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. I also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. I would highly recommend this for many reasons.
Fell apart within a week of using it.
The material is soft and it dresses up your outfit in the winter time
Great scale, but must be on a hard floor.
I used it to infuse olive oil.  It made a wonderful salve.
These inserts are great ! They were recommended by my Dr. and have been a great addition ! I will continue to use them.
The best Vitamin C Supplement! . I take first thing in the morning and energized throughout the day! .I definitely recommend this easy to swallow supplement.
the product itself looks amazing and fancy. but the package could be better . I hope there is a plastic wrap seal around the box. so it will look like something safe and never been used . just a suggestion
I got this to put on my fingers when I polish my nails.  Product itself works great and as advertised, but will need to experiment with it for what I am using it for!
Squirrels ate thousands of pecans off of my tree.  We salvaged 3 nuts.  One for me, one for my husband and we split the third one.
Variety of sizes is good. Smooth and easy to clean. Rosebud is much more comfortable than single diameter sound.
I have had Tinea Versacolor all my adult life. Beside a doctor's prescription, this is the only lotion that worked for me in about a week.
I snore, and these cancel out my snoring, and keeps my wife in the same bed.
Very cumbersome to use. Didn’t see any difference in curl. A manual crimping curler works far better. Not sure why I was asked drying power and flavor?! 😂
Great product, reasonably priced! Works wonders for my sore muscles.
Close shave did good
I thought the smell was awful. My three kids tasted it and they all hated it. They usually love this kind of stuff. I give them lemon-flavored liquid fish oil, which they love, and it looks like we'll continue with that.Made with algae and it smells and tastes like it. The citrus flavor only seems to make it worse.
Not sure whether this company changed their formulauses a different product when shipping to customers vs to store, but these are in the trash. So incredibly chalky, horrid aftertaste
We purchased cat base because of the recommendations online. We saw no difference in where the cats came on our property or did not come on our property. We sprayed according to directions we even bought more bottles making sure that we were doing it correctly. Nothing . An expensive nothing
A single sheet is good for a pair of underwear. The soap dissolves quickly but the water does not feel too soapy so not sure about the quality of cleaning. Best is to let the clothes sit in the soap solution for 5 minutes before rinsing.
At least once a year I do colloidal mineral therapy for my health.  I became a believer in 1999 when I was still in pain after a car accident.  I had healed all that I could.  Then, I heard about colloidal mineral therapy.  Not even a month on it, my healing resumed...I was nutrient deprived.  This is the minerals PLUS vitamins...a good deal if you get just one product.  Tastes good enough to drink straight.
I was told that by adding this supplement to my regular regime it would help me with a better absorption of vitamins. Not sure if that’s true or not as I didn’t notice a difference at all.
Beautiful gift box that it's easy to esamble ans perfect size for upcoming gifting season! Unfortunately, it was too thin for my needs and would not hold heavier products (candles, body butters, scrubs).
Great for hard water
They legit sent 24 sponges for $9.xx. I thought this would be fake, but they came in the box you’d get to stock these on a retail shelf. There are eight 3-packs of sponges, with two retail displaysholding boxes. The sponges are blue with blue backs and white scrub dots.
Heps to distribute weight to take pressure off sciatica. Comes with nice cover.
We used it a few times and it just stopped working
Do not buy. This came half empty. This is a horrible deal for the price. Buy from someone else.
doesn't block out hardly any noise. you're better off with the free foam ones
I got this to test some stuff and it seems to work well enough.Wish it could test dosages as well,but at least I know I got legit gear.
Easy to install very comfy great buy
Works good for my mother who is 91.
These are amazing.  Strong, large, wet.  If nothing else, they’re a popular curiosity with young & old
Great product at a great price. Buy it and you’ll be glad you did! Makes a great gift too!
Works great!
I have thick wavy hair. Didnt really work. It was ok but not how i wanted my hair
Sadly the vibration mode quit working on the fourth use. The heat and circulation are working fine.
a little thicker than I thought, but what a difference when you walk ,excellent cushioning .
Very comfortable earplugs. Would work well at noisy sporting events or concerts.
Works great. Nice and quiet.
Needed these to replace the batteries in my motion detectors.  They're a great value.
This is my third purchase of Better Sleep earplugs. I LOVE THEM. Hubby had had his nose broken SEVEN times (football), so he doesn't just snore: his nose speaks alien languages! I'm not the best at caring for them. I just pull them out and put them on the head of the bed. Then sometimes the cats bat  them around or the grandkids in residence mix them with Playdoh.But that's okay because these earplugs are washable!After 8-12 months I replace them.They're a bargain because they REALLY WORK!
Perfect. I bought these on the recommendation of Kelly Starrett from his book Ready to Run.They are exactly what I wanted. Sturdy and well made.
I started seeing a podiatrist about six months ago for horrible plantar fasciitis. I purchased these Powerstep ProTech insoles from his office for about $50. These are the same ones I got at his office, and they are less than half the cost!These are firm, and great to add to any pair of shoes. It's important to note that they are covered in fabric, which will wear if you wiggle your toes inside your shoes, or if you put extra weight on one side. My doctor said I would need to replace my insoles in one year; I've actually needed a new pair for about two months.So, I'm glad I've found these. I recommend getting properly fitted for the correct size, and getting a proper diagnosis from a podiatrist, as no insole is for every foot. But I'm pretty happy. I will definitely order these again.
 Works great for legs too!
Just as described
This is great for extra soft skin, buy it.
I call these my nunchucks! Camping and hiking (packed ultra light) for 5 days in the ADK I used one to cary medication and vitamins, and used the other one for herbs and spices. If I find another reason to purchase this again, I definitely will!
Sounds good, not Bose quality but good for the price. Battery lasts for a few nights sleep.
easy to install  easy to remove
Works really well! Was surprised at how easy they cut my nails
I’m Female,  fingers size 6 ring. It fit my thumb fine. But fell off my index finger several times while trying to brush teeth. It’s way too big for my finger. Also a bit too big for dogs mouth. Can’t get to back teeth.Says it’s .82” diameter. I do like that it comes with a case.I solved the too big for my index finger problem by wrapping a rubber band around the base and securing it to my finger. It’s just for a couple minutes and not too tight that it cuts off my circulation.  So I’ll make it work.
I'm rating based on the fact they do work. However these are not the wraps I received. I've used the pictured wraps from the description before. They are more of a waxy texture and are blue and worked great.The wraps I got are very clear just like the crest strips.
Works great
Cheap. Your better off buying 1 at the store.
It’s bathroom cleaner. What more can I say
Nice thick nail files
I took these on a vacation to Costa Rica rain forest and also to Alaska.  They are very convenient to use and worked!
Great on the butt but not great on the legs where the edges of the chair pad end.
I bought this because I live in an old house and have paint chips everywhere. Who doesn't right?  The concept is great.  I've searched everywhere - there isn't anything even close to this good.  Those stupid nailpolish bottles won't do - I mean can you honestly fill them up???  So yes these are near perfect. They hold a ton, have space to label, etc.  They are great.My only complaint and perhaps this is just me is that after a lot of usage, the felt pad on every one of them fell off!  So after quite a few touch-ups I had to switch over to squeezing the paint onto a foam brush and then continuing the project.  It kind of defeated the purpose.  It was still convenient because I had the foam brush in the house (thank goodness), but it was still easier than getting a paint can out, etc.  Even at that, I would still purchase again, I just keep a little stash of foam brushes together with these so I remember for when I do my next set of touch-ups.  Not a deal-breaker, just something to be aware of.
I go through a lot of lip balms and Pez flavored lip balms are my favorite.  I love the flavors and consistency of Pez lip balms and best of all I don’t have to reapply as often as other brands. My lips feel softer and more moisturized. I really love them!
Traveled through out Europe and worked
This is the only Oximeter I can trust.  I have two others that are not  reliably accurate every time.  This one is, it's fast too. It comes with a carrying case and long lanyard.  Usb  rechargeable is well worth the cost.  I highly recommend this.
These napkins are so thin you can see through them.  There is little fabric to absorb anything when you wipe your mouth or try to dab up a spill.
Smaller than expected, but it works great.  Love how easy it is to set it to turn on and off.
Our carafe was a nasty mess inside, but no more. This product is easy to use and extremely effective.
My husband says it works great for his back
Very good for what I needed
I've purchased several Emjoi callous items for friends and myself. THIS model is the BEST EVER!!!  Previously, I used Emjoi's battery-operated model and a different Emjoi electrical model.  THIS is the BEST!  EXCLLENT and my favorite item.  Emjoi makes superior products!
When our old veggie scrubber broke I bought this one because it was highly rated, and it it great! Would definitely buy again
These gloves are awesome! Thick enough that someone as clumsy as me don't have to worry about destroying them.
The end could be bigger as I have burned my finger trying to turn. They did give a glove just didn’t put it on. Easy to use and lightweight
This massager works great, digs in to those big knots on the shoulders.  I am enjoying sitting and relaxing while the massager and heat  works its magic!
Just started using this stuff and love it already.  Besides feeling good, it definitely soothes the aches and pains that I have with my feet and ankles. Also my husband is diabetic and has feet that crack and split - this worked wonders for him. Will definitely keep buying it.
I normally use a fairly stiff soapy back brush in the shower. I want to feel like my back area is being cleaned and exfoliated. This is like trying to scrub your back with a rubbery belt - there's no exfoliation and it's "bristles" are too soft and ineffective.
I think it helped my breath and seems to have improved bad taste in my mouth but I took this along with doing a detailed dental hygiene program so can't say how much this contributed. I plan to continue it a while longer then stop while continuing hygiene program to see if symptoms return. After that I can update my opinion.
These sunglasses slid right on and stayed on. They are dark lens, which is what I wanted. Perfect fit for my medium sized face. Good clear glass.
Nice massager. Sometimes it does randomly shut off, but it does get used a lot.
Great product!  I recently purchased and used Emmy's Best Pet Odor & Stain Eraser.  My dog was a naughty puppy and urinated in our family room and the odor was strong. After receiving the product, I carefully followed the instructions that came with it.  The results are astounding, it worked! There is no more odor, no more stain, and my dog does not show any interest in returning to the spot.  I will be a repeat customer.
I will always have one of these handy.  I bought 3 of them.  They are that good.
Bought for a standard desk chair. Was far too wide, in spite of measuring. Hated to return but couldn't use.
Comes with zipper cover that straps to standard desk chair. Easily adjustable. Great quality. Excellent support.
Used these for years.  Sticks well and can rinse off when needed and use again.
works better than goo gone.  we pay this much for an 8 oz spray bottle.
works well and is easy to use with plenty of room for me.  Seems to be of sturdy construction.  Have had no problems with it.
I've tried many prebiotics and this is one of the best. It tastes pretty good with a kind of tangy flavor which compliments oatmeal, soup, salad, sauces, etc. Now for the gross part: immediately the stool size is larger, and it smells stronger, which indicates more butyrate is being made which is why this is the best prebiotic blend. Makes less gas than inulin prebiotics.
Works great.Tip: Don't advance the dosage too fast or it can make you sicker as it activates dormant detox pathways. And don't give up on it if you feel worse. Just cut back until you find the easy safe dose, then let your cravings for it control your intake from there. Your mind will think about it and taste crave it when it's time. Use this with ReMyte, it works well together. Their other product don't make much sense to me, ymmv.It tastes EXACTLY like magnesium chloride, so I don't believe the seller's claim that chloride is removed.
The colors are soft, the paper absorbent and the overall feel is quality.  Really like this product and I believe you will too.
It helped my wife's sciatic pain.
Hair drags, concerned about damageDoesn't heat hot enoughDon't buy
These were exactly as expected.  They are vitamins; melt fast, too.
Amazing tool for every kitchen. Removes tea stains from cups with a single swipe with just plain water. Removes baked on grease, cleans without marring surfaces, and gets stubborn spots off frying pans when food sticks.
Glad I could get tissues in a timely manor
I just wanted to give it 5 stars and be done with the review, but they require a description on Amazon...so I'll post my mom's secret chocolate chip cookie recipe here instead (not so secret anymore, is it, Mom!?):4 cubes butter, softened2 heaping cups dark brown sugar (packed, then heap that shiz)½ cups white sugar2 tablespoons vanilla1 ½ teaspoon salt1 ½ teaspoons baking soda3 eggs6 cups flour1 bag chocolate chips (semi-sweet or sweet)Mix BY HAND all ingredients, except flour and chips (mixing by hand makes them taste better, trust me).Then add flour and chips and stir BY HAND. Bake @ 350 for 9-11 minutes on ungreased cookie sheet. Enjoy the preciouses.Note: makes a buttload of cookies, so you might want to halve the recipe.
It fulfils a purpose.
This product is far superior for sweaters and bras.
FloraLife speaks for itself. Very good product. Delivery was fast and professional. The seller was terrific and followed up with me. Perfect!
Perfect weight and good quality!
I love the size. I love this product and I would purchase it again.
Cuts great. Nice and big scissors.
Returning pad because it doesn't heat at all. Low setting barley gets warm & high is just warm, not enough heat to penetrate & help aching muscles.
About half of them came damaged. But the other half look great and apply easy!
Easy to use and looks fantastic.  Do not worry the scale works fine.  Am super pleased with my purchase.  Only very small drawback for me was that fingerprints show easily but are easily removed with a cloth.
A+ However a bit difficult to program.
Good scissors
Love all the colors and they fit well!
My son really wanted the characters to play with in the bath. He is a super hero kid. The bubble bath is fine but we really purchased them for the cute, bright figures.
Love these - finally a place for larger pills
Set is very nice. Needed some birthday supplies for my mom’s Covid Stay at Home Birthday. Make sure you have small hellium tank or access to one
The product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
The product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
Great quality product
Rolls easily and well cushioned.  No issues.
I  tried to remove the balls off of a sweater and a T-shirt. It damaged the sweater so bad I had to buy my son a new one. It’s like running piece of metal with jagged teeth on your clothes.
Nice product but the extended button causes it to pop open in my pocket a lot. Oh well
Just what was ordered. Nothing fancy, but durable. Dial easy to read. Matches weight on Doctor's scales when I have gone there.
Just what was ordered. Nothing fancy, but durable. Dial easy to read. Matches weight on Doctor's scales when I have gone there.
Well made, solid, unobtrusive product. Helps with small transition from dining area onto screen porch.
They can be used vertically or horizontally. Great for Christmas cards.
My son is a doodler and this was perfect for him.
Very disappointed in the quality of the banner. The letters can barely be read. Would not recommend this product.
Great shakes for the price
I purchased this oil to enhance borage oil cream and I can’t say enough great things about it!  It has healed my dry cracked nails and made my skin feel so hydrated.  My husband is now using it as well.  He has diabetes so his skin heals very slowly.  This organic borage oil has helped the skin healing process for him better than the prescription salve his doctor prescribed!  I really don’t detect any scent at all to this product. I’ve used it by itself on my face and it absorbs in very quickly.  Truly a miracle oil!!  Thank you for makingmarketing it!!
These are great! Measure your calves because it makes a difference. If your calves are wide then order accordingly. Great colors to choose from, too.
Smells bad, works great! Bought cause we have a neighborhood cat who sprays everything! We don't even have a pet!
After my mastectomy, I was advised to not use regular razor to shave my underarm.  This was the perfect replacement.  I also use it for facial hair, no more red rash from waxing.  If I have one criticism, it's that occasionally there is no power when turning it on; so far have been able to fix this by squeezing and pushing on the top.
I bought a second one for a friend who tried mine and asked where she could get one.  I love it too.  I have a slight wave to my hair, but it's not always where I want it.  This works so much better than a hair iron; it's quicker and makes it much easier to style your hair.
I had to get used to the flavor. But it’s a sweetener that isn’t sugar so it is expected. I have purchased again. I used to use MIO all the time. These seems healthier and they are clear.
The inside coating of our cover started falling off after after only a few weeks.  All of the plastic clips to attatch it to ramp are broken and it leaks.  Seller told no refund after 30 days.  I bought another waterproof cover from a different seller for $15 that has heldup better than this one.
great bath pillow. never had any issues with suction cups like with previous pillows.  it's lasted for a few years and still going strong.
OK FOR A FACE MASK
I USE IT FOR EVERYTHING, IT'S THE BEST
When handling the "sticky" pads with the TENS 7000 Unit, this holder provides a good place to store your pads after your TENS applications. And, the electrode wires can stay connected to the pads for easy storage inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  The pad holder keeps your TENS pads in a better usable "sticky" condition, because of its raised circular surface pattern, which only allows a percentage of the pad to stick onto the flat surface .You can then detatch the pads easily from that surface, for the next application to your skin.The holder with the pads and lead wires will fit inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  You can store (4) 2"x2" pads, or (2) 2"x4" pads in this holder.I am glad I purchased this product to use with our TENS 7000 Unit. Two thumbs up, with a cherry on top!  I hope this review will help you.  Best and Blessed to all..... :o).>>>
My husband will not drive my car without this cushion.  Finally, something that he had sit on for drives over 20 minutes.
This stuff works great for DIY e-liquid and is about $10 cheaper then comparable amounts from diy e-liquid suppliers. The 1 quart size has lasted me over a year and I make e-liquid for myself and my sister. Great value and free shipping if you have Amazon Prime.
Main ingredient in my diy juice for over two years
I will be buying these again!
If you like snacking Yacon Slices are ideal.  Slightly moist and chewy and sweet.  I, however, am not a 'snacker'.  I bought them for the gut benefits.  Yacon contains a prebiotic, Inulin, which breaks down into a probiotic, fructoogligosaccharides, which helps promote a healthy, happy gut.  Yacon is a pleasant way to keep your microbiome happy.
I like this cleaner more than the last one I purchased.  The lavender smell is not pungent, just enough to give a nice aroma.  Cleans my mat very well.
My naturopath recommended this for me. I put it in my morning smoothies and don’t taste it at all.
I use baby oil mainly to remove eye make up. It is less expensive & does a better job than the make up wipes I've tried. This also works well as a body moisturizer when applied after bathing. Will definitely buy again.
These come in an unsealed package; not even a piece of cellophane tape to seal them. It is for this reason that I am afraid to use them.
Best idea EVER!  The design makes it possible for the user to feed themselves successfully!  Highly recommend for adult with disabilities (permanent or temporary).
These are too short and cheap.  No real control possible.  I may use them for other applications than my ears.
I really like this jewelry organizer. It has lots of compartments for all my bracelets to fit securely. It has some zippered pockets too. I can't wait to travel with it!
I love these nail files as they are the only ones that I will use.  Thank you so much.
Nice boards that last long.
It's shorter than I am comfortable with. Also it does not screw into the bottle so a little unnerving to squeeze it for fear of having the thing pop off into the mess.
I found that the Ulla sometimes did not blink regularly, but the worst thing is that it falls off if you rub or bump it against anything.  Consequently, I lost it in a movie theatre.  They need to make the clip tighter so it doesn't come off the band as easily.
Love this planter. I put it outside and attached it to my fence with zip ties. Dill and potatoes are thriving, even in the Texas heat.
Passes the freeze test, so far so good but only a blood test will tell me how it actually works. Stay tuned for the results.
Can't live without it!!
This glycerine is high quality- thick and clear. I like that it was collected from sustainable palm (supposedly). I bought it to preserve fall leaves (I read that you could use a 2:1 waterglycerine ratio and soak fall leaves in it to preserve the color and flexibility of the leaf- turns out this is NOT true (it worked kind of for green leaves, a bit less so for yellow leaves, and not at all for redorange leaves) and even though it didn't work, that's not the fault of the company. I will use the rest to make soap!
The glasses arrived in 10 days (from China to the West Coast), well packed, in perfect condition. They included a sturdy, trim little black zippered case and a microfiber cleaning cloth.I bought these after reading an article about ways to increase energy; apparently, looking at electronic screens exposes you to a blue light that tends to keep you in “awake mode”...which means it’ll be difficult to sleep when you want to an hour or so later. Yellow or orange tinted lenses block the blue light, decreasing eye strain and allowing you to fall asleep more naturally—even if you tend to be eyeing those screens right up until bedtime, like I do.They seem to work! And the magnification is fine. I’m buying another pair for work.
This product was recommended by a friend who had major heart surgery.  My husband had been on a blood thinner and bruised easily - he is no longer bruising.  Articles recommend magnesium for every over 60.  We are so glad we are taking chelated magnesium!
Best investment ever.  Large and soft enough to wrap around smaller parts of body.  Stays cold for a long time.  Love it.
This oil smells absolutely amazing! I use it in my diffuser almost daily. Smells so nice.
This tooth powder makes my teeth sparkle like nothing else.  Very good at removing everyday stains.
Product in perfect condition.
This is a great pill container! I have one and purchased another for a friend. The look is very classy and great to throw in the suitcase or purse when traveling.
I’m glad they redesigned the motor onoff switch. The motor works great, now I hope it lasts.
Just what I needed for my bottles with squeez tops!Watch some of the videos where a lady has rearranged the slots to meet her needs! Way cool!I got the finished box but I almost wish I'd hotter it unfinished. I don't like the smell and I'm afraid that once my oils are in it, that smell will mix badly. Maybe I'll just set it out with the lid open for a week.
This product didn't lift yellowing caused by long-term storage in any way.
Love this toothbrush. I can use it for about two weeks and then I have to recharge it. Has lots of great settings. Will purchase again if I need to.
Mixes well with anything. Helps digestion. I use daily mix with cucumber.
I love this stuff. It really helps get the smells out, even better than vinegar.
This stuff is awesome........ I'll be keeping this in the cupboard for my percolator cleanings.
I use it for everything. Indestructible!
Colors are great, price is good. I noticed someTubes not completely full, with air coming out before paint. I use a lot of white so that was gone before I even opened most other colors. This is a good starter set as long as a gloss and extra white is ordered separate.Also if stored for a long period I would use a plastic bag to seal them in because the caps are not that tight.
 I've had issues with oily skin and was looking for a supplement that would help clear up my pours 😣 I came across this Skin Elixir, and it's fantastic! After a few days of taking a serving in the morning, I could feel and see a noticeable change in my skin. My face feels ALOT clearer😊 It's packed full of vitamins and minerals that make me feel more energetic and healthy than any other superfood supplement drink I've had. If you're looking for a scientific backed approach to healthier looking skin, give it a try. I loved this product and you will too 💚
I dont really know how to review a probiotic. However I will say I was on antibiotics for a bit, and it tore my digestional tract up, and these help get my body back on a &#34;normal schedule&#34;
My purchase arrived on time, and I’m very happy with my product.
Fit perfect and you can handle hot things without a problem
Followed instructions to the note and didn't see results or feel any difference. Easy to follow instructions and packets though.
Made very, very well. great service
This is a very funny way to protest our Orange Leader.  The only drawback was that it came weeks after I needed it.  But I will save it for next year's White Elephant Gift for Christmas.
This was for my daughter.  Think she is very happy wit.
Our Breville Nespresso maker flashed and the manual said it needed descaling so I looked on Amazon and found this set. It worked easily following the included directions. You could see the milky calcium water coming out if the machine.
When Bill G. publicly announced the coming outbreak of smallpox this old time cure immediately became popular (oct.nov.2021). Then Merck found some "mis-labeled vials" lol  of smallpox!! Coincidence "we think not". Be prepared. This product is made in India.
This stuff is hot folks. We were used to the regular green stuff and the max freeze. This "pro-mix"has a lot of menthol in it. My physical therapist recommended cutting it with some good lotion. We did and it works great. You can make 2 tubes out of one. If you can stand it right out of the tube, you are much tougher than we are, lol!
Good stuff, sealed excellent. Put on 3 coats, polished next day and it looks great and all sealed up tight!
THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY WORKS CORRECTLY IF INSTALLED PROPERLY.  NO INSTRUCTIONS COME WITH THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL WITH THE LOOSE SWITCH CONNECTION WHICH HAS TO BE ON THAT PART OF THE SWITCH WHEN YOU PUT IT IN THE FLASHLIGHT FROM THE BOTTOM.  I FOUND CAREFULLY TAKING THE TOP PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY OFF CAREFULLY OBSERVING THE SWITCH PART OF THE ASSEMBLY, WHICH IS EASY TO LOOSE, AND THEN CAREFULLY PLACING THAT PART OF THE SWITCH ASSEMBLY, WITH THE SWITCH PART ON TOP, INTO THE BOTTOM OF THE FLASHLIGHT AND THE USING TWO BATTERIES MOVE IT IN PLACE AND SCREW THE BOTTOM INTO THE FLASHLIGHT.  AFTER THIS INSTALL THE TOP WITH THE TWO RAISED POSTS ALIGNED WITH THE HOLES IN THE INSTALLED BOTTOM PORTION.  INSTALL THE BULB AND IT SHOULD LIGHT WITHOUT THE LENS PORTION.  SCREW ON THE LENS PORTION AND WHEN IT IS BASICALLY SCREWED IN THE BULB SHOULD GO OUT.I HOPE THIS INFORMATION IS OF SOME USE AND PROPERLY INSTALLED THE REPLACEMENT SWITCH WORKS FINE.
So easy to use. Whether sitting or standing. I would buy it again.
Perfect little cake plates for any party. Guests got a kick out of them.
To be fair I have a very old Ace bandage that I was replacing so newer ones may have already improved over the years. Regardless, this is a nice package of 4 wraps with 2 clips each and at least 2 extra included which was a nice touch seeing as how those always tend to bendbreak at the teeth or get lost altogether. The material had a good feel and a really nice stretch to it vs my older one. So long as these hold up through a few uses I would definitely purchase them again. If they do not hold up reasonably well I'll update this review.
My wife has major knee issues.  I purchased this and installed per instructions.  If you're a handy man type, this will pose no problem for the installation.  The white color matched the white porcelain of the toilet.  The base of the Toto Drake is longer than Toilevator's 22.3 inch length and extends off the platform 1 inch in the back.  It doesn't effect stability.  I know it can hold just over 300 lbs. without structural failure, in the 2 months we have had it.I purchased the item because there were no ADA or otherwise round toilets available 3.5" taller than the Drake and this Toto has been great operationally and for longevity of parts.  With the Toilevator's 3.5" lift, I kept my original toilet, and my wife's knees are much easier to extend when she stands up.  I was rather concerned about the weight, but it said 500 lbs. was the limit.  It has proved sound.  It has been easy to clean.  The toilet hasn't shifted or slid on the base.  The bolts extended higher than the top of the Toto toilet base.  I just purchased a deep cap rather than cut them.  All needed items are in the kit, except for the deeper bolt cap covers.  I also needed a new bowl gasket (seals the tank to the bowl) as I took off the tank to make handling much easier for me.****The only issue for me were the closet bolts that were supplied (These connect the toilet base and the Toilevator to the sewer flange at the floor).  The heads of the bolts were round, not flat, and appeared to be galvanized.  They should be stainless steel.  They would not fit under the flange.  I simply ground the head and sides down a bit till they fit, and applied plumbers grease to the threads to prevent the bolt and nut becoming rusted together.  Years of experience have taught me to think ahead.......
Great price - fantastic quality. Would purchase again
Ordered these four years ago and they are still going strong despite tough daily wear.  Withstand surface washing with soap or antiseptic wipes, and candle wax comes off with a quick blast from a blow dryer.  Haven't faded despite years of sun exposure.  Can be used as a trivet for hot dishes.  Quality for everyday use but nice enough for casual entertaining as well.  Highly recommended!
Great for tiny spots.
Love these bags
I love the curls
I love these nursing pads although they are kind of too sturdy and strong. I prefer the bamboo pads. They wash well and fit well! They are oversized and I always wore them in a cami without a bra and you couldn't ever tell! They never leaked through my clothes and I leaked a LOT!
works well,stays closed
Thought they were going to be pure.  copper. Package states they are stainless steel
This step does not work for me. It slides all over and I have nearly fallen several times.  I tried to put tape on the bottom, but it’s still slick.
Great Nail Dryer
I was a little skeptical, but I've used this after over-doing a run and even for a sinus headache that neither naproxen or ibuprofen relieved. It really works well and doesn't upset my stomach.
Good probiotics are pricy and this is worth it. EAZY to take no taste put it in my drink first thing in the am.
Like the design of this card keeper.
I have very dry and cracked skin on one foot. I have been using Zim's for about 20 years, it is the ONLY thing that helps me. It actually heals the cracks. I've tried all of the usual remedies such as Vaseline, olive oil, coconut oil and everything else you would think of. Zim's is the only product for me.
Great for travel and to keep things organized at home.
These are helpful and don't rub off. I forget they are on.
I have never used a eyelash curler before in my life. I bought this one because it was reasonably priced and the reviews were good. So far it is working fine for me . I use videos and friendly advice to use them. I do not have long lashes naturally. So maybe next I will try false eyelashes. This stuff is on my bucket list.
I've had trouble making fermented vegetables w just sea salt so wanted to try a culture.  My veggies turned out great with this culture! Will be making more soon!
Find these do a great job in soap scum in the shower.  Wish they were more durable
It has been do difficult to get the insides of the carafe clean when all that I can reach inside with is a bottle brush. I followed the instructions and was able to remove most of the stains except where the bottle brush can't reach on the upper inside edge.
I ground the corn with my kitchen aide attachment and turned it into the best cornbread we have ever eaten.
One of my favorite fairy babies. so adorable.
As advertised
Based on the good reviews, I was hoping this would be better. I have a herniated disc between L5 and S1. This product is very large and very hard. It hurt my back so I will be donating it to a friend's father who is in a wheelchair.
Great little boxes for Xmas gifts.  I bought to put homemade Christmas ornaments in and give as gifts.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a simple box for gifts, and no dealing with wrapping paper.
I like these loofah soaps. These, however, seemed like the loofah was placed too close to the edge. In the past, they were in the middle of the soap bar. But I like the soap, the scents and the price. Will try again.
exactly what I wanted!
Me and my bf were curious what our blood types were so I order two. They’re a really good price imo. I’m a baby with needles but the one used in the kit isn’t bad. Just a quick prick and you have your results right away. After we got our results we’ve been making sure to donate blood as much as possible. Good kit for
The product is OK for that extra little boost of energy but was using it to try to lose those extra few pounds that never came off
This could be a great product but the whole instruction book is in i think chinese!!!!
This brand was cheaper than another popular brand, but it seems fine. I have used it for several weeks, and I put it in a bowl of water in the microwave for a couple of minutes every week or so. I already bought another one to take on an upcoming trip just because I wanted to start with a fresh sponge. It seems to do a good job getting my face clearn.
Using this on my 6 month old baby for nebulizer. Works great.
PROs:The product arrived at my house sooner then expected like most AMAZON stuff.It worked ONCE.CONs:It's NOT working!I've replaced the wire = still doesn't work.I've replaced the pads = still doesn't work.I've tried every channel = still doesn't work.I've recharged it = still doesn't work.The screen lights.The TIMER counts down.The 'CH', 'TENS' & the chosen TENs' ICON MODE blinksflashes; but, NO FEELing!!!I WISHED I had bought the TENs & EMS unit from the company that made my TIGHT for LIFE KEGEL 8 unit that still works after 20 years of use w a 9v battery.
This one is in my bedroom on my nightstand. I absolutely love this and I put a few drops of essential oils in the top part and I sleep like a baby!
Comfortable fit well good value for price
Looked great
Helps the arthritis in my neck and shoulders
This product is a nice product to prevent skin breakdown. I cut a one inch piece out of it because I was trying to cover a small reddened area of the skin on the buttocks. It didn't stay on very well, however the length of time that it stayed helped to heal and prevent skin breakdown. I think using the whole pad would have been better so it would adhere better. It is a good product.
My girlfriend used it on a burnt pot and it did a good job. After seeing the results, I wanted to get it for myself in case I need it.
Have shared this with several friends.  Great on windows and countertops, not to mention so many other places around the house. Only disappointment is that Florida Labs does not share the recipe for this.  Found on another site.Recipe: 1 oz. D-limonene, 1 oz. alcohol, 1 tsp Dawn deterent, added to a qt. spray bottle and fill with water.  It called for a different soap product, but I use Dawn for most everything, including our furbabies  bath.
I had a Geo Matt from 15 years ago and loved.But figured it was time to replace.  These are good but not as good as the old ones.  They will not last 15 years but if they make it 5 I will be happy.  I love the way they feel.  I was first informed of them by a hospital and am glad,  The egg crate don't compare or the memory foam cover.Love these.
Simple to use, easy to clean.  Unfortunately it uses a lot of water to create the vacuum, so that's a downside.  I could use siphoning as a means to change water in my tank but the distance to the sink from my tank is 30 feet, so it's a little difficult to make it happen easily, but could be in the future because of the water usage.
I have a pair of duck boots and I have a few pairs of tennis shoes that have developed a smell that is somewhat gross!  I sprayed them with10-Seconds disinfectantdeodorizer and the smell has either been reduced to a minimum or removed.  I have applied this product at different intervals depending on how often I wear the pair of shoes.  It does a good job!
This is NOT a crappy thin cake pan as it looks. It is a heavy gauge nice cake pan. My wife bakes custom cakes and someone asked for a breast feeding themed smash cake. Of coarse all the detail is done with fondant but this will give you a good base to start from. You have to set this pan on another flat pan to sit on the grate in the oven and i believe it added to the cook time so as always make sure its done all the way through. Our first cake wasnt done and sunk when we pulled it out lol.  Overall great cake pan
I bought this foot spa to help &#34;refresh&#34; my husband's tired feet after work, and he LOVES it.I use this spa with very warm water (100 degrees), add in some Epson salt and set a timer for 20 minutes.  The instruction suggest not using the unit for longer than 20 minutes so that is why I set a separate timer.  The spa has a built in heater and keep the water around 98 degrees.
Wish it was a little thicker. Otherwise it will do the job.
Okay, well it’s okay, kind of short like its designed for short people.  The first thing I am confused about and need to bring it up is the brand, mines came with Chinese writing all over it, so I'm not sure about YWSHF Spin Sweeper 3 in 1 this name is featured online.  Makes me feel like I was shipped a knock off brand, also the color shows turquoise but I received a royal blue unit.It works okay, does not pick up anything big, not sure about the peanut and shells they should this unit picking up, possibly because what I received might be a knock off.  But again, it’s okay, it’s a good thing it only cost $12.99, oh but wait I could have gotten it off of eBay for cheaper with a few extra items.
These are hard to find in a store. Exactly what I was looking for. Thicker, longer and higher quality.
Tried these for awhile. Sponge is a nice size, has a rope to hang from a hook. What makes them nice is the exfoliating size. It's not too harsh and works great. Definitely liking them!
At first, these heel cups felt like cushy heaven; in the first few hours of wearing them, I thought I had solved a painful back problem.  But after a few days of using a set all day every day, it became clear they added to my already painful back problem by being too thick.  They threw my spine out of alignment and a pinched nerve became excruciating. I could hardly get out of bed or even move around. The only relief was NOT using these for an entire day. Also, they were so sticky that when I slipped my foot into the shoe, the heel cup moved forward with my foot.  I had to hold the cup down with my finger as I put my foot into the shoe. I cannot recommend these, especially if you are dealing with a degenerated spinal disk.
This is a great product, and is extremely helpful for someone with blood sugar issues.  It takes some experimentation for cookingbaking, but is worth the effort.  I love it.
My rocking Santa is a whimsical addition to my window sill. I enjoy seeing him rocking.
Unlike other filters, this one actually helps to reduce the amount of fog on my glasses. It is hard to wear a mask if you can't see through your glasses. This makes seeing easier.
Cheap made. A waste of money.
My hair needs to get a little longer and I think this tool will work great.  My hair doesn't stay in it very well at its current length.
Great comfort, warm too.  Fits good , a size 13 my husband wears and he likes these very much.
These were easy to use.  They came off very easy too, accidentally in fact.  I wiped my Bullfrog sunscreen over it and it washed right off because of the alcohol in the sunscreen.  No complaints though.
best microwave steamer bags, best price.
Great for use below stability tape. Also great to have around to keep a bandaid in place.
Works well. We have a European dishwasher that requires power. Not as good as the high end powder.
Fiberlock - Aftershock - EPA Registered Fungicidal Coating - 1 Gallon - 8390I'm an environmental consultant.  One of the things we do is indoor air quality investigations, including cases of water damage and mold growth.Our top independent mold abatement contractors use AfterShock.  If it's good enough for them (their reputation depends upon eliminating the mold permanently), then it's good enough for me.Remove any deteriorated building materials first, and then thoroughly disinfect the affected area with a suitable product (e.g., Shockwave RTU).  Be sure that the building materials are DRY before applying AfterShock.Read and follow the directions carefully.  Do not thin the product... apply with a sprayer or brush.  You should extend your treatment cleanup AT LEAST 2 - 4 feet beyond any area where there was evidence of mold.
It works for my purpose and I have it connected to a Phillips oxygen concentrator to get even more ozone out of this generator.  If you connect items to the ozone generator other than the ones provided you will need to purchase an oxygen tubing swivel adaptor.  I have not used my setup to make ozonated oil.  It seemed more cost effective to purchase the oil from a manufacturer considering how much time it takes to make it.  This model provides more power allowing for better shielding and effectiveness a few feet from unit.  The programmed setting are exactly what you need making this easy to use.  It isn't loud.  My reader says 57 decibels.
Put it in and it fits fine around my car seat.  I don’t think any cartruck seat will have a problem if it is a bucket seat. I will test it out and adjust the review if I have any issues..  So far it seems supportive.  I like the fact that there is no memory foam, so no odor.  It came shipped in a big box so no issues with the quality of the product upon arrival.  If I can figure out where I put my calcium everything would be great.Update-Air freshner smell stuck to product and does not smell like lavender.  Returned.
Usable inexpensive readers that don't cost $24 like the ones at Wholefoods. Great value for 5 bucks.Update: My rating dropped by 2 stars due to the TRIPLING OF THE COST to $15 bucks in a year!
Have tried several arch support brands & this one seems to be the only one that actually provides (4cm) stablizing reinforcement to my high arches . Have re-occuring plantar faciatis & these help stabilize my arches to help reduce pain.  Formed plastic EVA doesn't deform when standingwalking to provide consistent support.
Makes it easier for my mother to feed herself
I have dry mouth. I had tried the more commonly found one but it tasted downright nasty! Found this Natural Dentist Brand for dry mouth which has all natural ingredients, no preservatives or artificial coloring in it. They used to have a Cool Mint flavor but apparently discontinued it because I can't find it online or anywhere anymore. So tried this. It still works great and is the natural product but the taste is not as refreshing as the Cool Mint.
I’ve been overall happy with this! Not having to try to maneuver around a cord while using it has been very helpful and the battery last long enough for grooming jobs that can be done at home
Great feeling to please
I love it and have used it all over house and in car. Battery doesn't last as long as stated but several uses for sure. Great item
I would recommend !!! Came in with extra battery and small spray container , not sure for what I'm guessing you can add mouthwash to it or just water in case you on the go and using your little tools for your tonsil stones .
I would recommend !!! Came in with extra battery and small spray container , not sure for what I'm guessing you can add mouthwash to it or just water in case you on the go and using your little tools for your tonsil stones .
I do a LOT of research before buying or trying products, and it's been a while since I've had a product that made me so happy.  I think this is a great value product.When I first started working with a personal trainer a few years ago, one of the first things he made me buy was a foam roller.&#34;Why?&#34;  I asked&#34;So you can work out knots in your muscles.  Trust me, you’ll want it&#34;So I ordered one of those giant long big blue foam rollers that they have in gyms.  It was cumbersome, but it was effective.  I didn't realize how tight my muscles were until I rolled on these rollers and let the weight of my body press against the roller.  It was so good but so painful.  And as much as I liked using it, I hated storing it.  I was living in a loft at the time and that thing was really unsightly.Then I saw this 3 in 1 roller and was really excited to try it.  The 3 in 1 roller has basically 3 rollers that stack neatly inside one another.  There’s the outer roller (most similar to what I had before), a gear shaped roller for more targeted pressure points, and a rolling massage stick.  It’s shorter but I’m still able to fit both legs on the roller.  It also cost the same as my giant long blue tube roller.  I like that it's compact enough to hide from sight when not in use.  I like the firmness of the large roller and small roller, and the whole kit feels very sturdy and well constructed.  The only slightly annoying thing is that the massage stick fits very snug into the gear roller so it takes a lot of effort to pull out, and I worry whether the handle might break over time.  Better that than too loose and constantly falling out, I guess.Foam rolling works based on the idea that pressure applied to certain body parts helps to work out knots and relieve pain.  Until I started using foam rollers I didn’t realize how many knots I had in my body.  I do stretches regularly but you still don’t get it all out.There are a number of great roller positions you can use.  The ones I find most effective are for my quads and hamstring.  You prop your roller onto your hamstrings (or quads) and hold a low plank with the weight centred over the roller.  Hold position for a few seconds at a time where you feel pain  discomfort and slowly roll up and down every part of your legs.  The same concept works with calves and glutes.  Just roll slowly onto the roller putting as much weight as you can on the point of contact between the roller and your body.My back and neck are often sore, so I’ll lie on my back with the large roller tucked under my lower back and then arch backwards.  With the gear roller, I like propping it under my neck and pushing down on the pain pressure points.  I’ve also run the massage stick up and down sore spots on my neck and along my shoulders.Overall there are lots of uses and plenty of exercises you can look up online.  It’s a great way to work out muscle knots and relieve soreness and tightness from exercise.  It also loosens your muscles and prevents tearing.  I received a review sample of this roller for my honest opinion, and I wouldn’t hesitate to purchase another if I were to misplace this one.
we like it for the price we paid, bought at open box pricing. can't find the directions for the remote.........
not very comfortable
The size and the fact that it is rechargeable make it perfect for travel.  Unless you are travelling for a long time you won't need to take the charger because it holds a charge for a decent amount of time.  I use it everyday because, without cords, it is easy to use in the shower.  It would be 5 stars if the "soft" setting were a little softer.
Compact, convenient, high quality talking alarm.  What I like the most about this product is it automatically resets it's self every day.  It tells which boxdose was missed.  And each little box is tight closing.  And it so convient to slip out the day's container, and attach to the alarm, and easily slip into pocket.Cons: Alarm volume is too low for even good hearing. I am going to call the company to see if any way to raise the volume.  Each box when carried off the main holder, has no day of the week labeled.  This is a big problem if traveling for a few days and do not have the space to carry the entire week
great heavy duty knife.
This plastic bucket was just what I was looking for.  Something I could fill up with warm to hot water and soak my feet in while I am sitting on the sofa watching tv at night.  My feet fit in it perfectly and I wear 9.5 mens.Filled about 34 of the way with water, it can get heavy but the handle doesn't feel flimsy.  Don't fill to the top or else water may splash out as you carry it.  The bottom has little massaging bumps - kinda like reflexology.If you are the type to balk at paying $15-18 for a plastic bucket, this is not for you, I'd recommend you get two rubbermaid buckets and use those instead.  Sometimes you have to splurge and get the thing that best fits your needs and is designed for the purpose.This bucket does not keep the water hot or warm - it is just a plastic bucket but it should be enough for a good 15-20 min soak if you start with water thats hot enough.
Great for in house and travel bags.
This item wasn’t what I thought and seemed a bit on the cheap side.  It works though.
Very Soft and hanger included I love these!
I was worried about that sharp apple cider taste but to my surprise these were really good. I take it in two bites and you do get a whiff of the cider but that's it just a whiff. It also has pom and beet juice which is so good for your health. My hubby and I both started on these and within a couple of days we both just felt a difference, better lighter hard to explain but good! So came back and ordered 2 more bottles. This is one of those items really I'm really glad to take a chance on and be happy with the results.
I have extremely low blood pressure. My cardiologist recommended that I eat more salt. Unfortunately, I was unable to eat enough to raise my blood pressure. The pills helped a little more than salting my food. Now I’m taking a prescription medication to raise my blood pressure to normal so I don’t fall if I stand up quickly.
Delicious
It always irked me that I squeeze as much toothpaste out as possible but there's so much left that goes to waste. These little things are great for getting almost all of it out. Not just for toothpaste, I also use them on other squeezable tubes. Easy to use just slip it on the post & begin to roll. I must reorder because I need more of them.
Package arrived in great condition. Nice amount for the low price. Love these Puffs.
Love these vitamins. Have not tried them yet but I chose these over many others because I am sure they will help my health problem. Thank you
I really wanted something to help me deep clean my scalp, so I bought this product.  it does a good job of scrubbing my hairline but when it comes to scrubbing the top of my head, all is does is tangle my hair in a  nice big knot.  No big deal, but I probably won't purchase again.
Smaller container than realized
Liked this powder.  It is as described & arrived on time.
Haven't used it a great deal yet but I like the idea of a bug guard in lotion form.  It is exactly as described & arrived promptly.
Item as described. Good cleaning item.
Good product but not cheap using on large area
I cant tell you how much I love this bangle I did not get my name on it.  I loved the word hope on it so I ordered it that way.  Because we all need hope in the world with everything that is going on!  Thank you so much!  I wear it everday and it holds up great!
This Lavender essential oil seems very pure in aroma, consistency and color. It does have the botanical name Lavandula Angustifolia on the bottle and the USDA Certified Organic seal. If you want to know why I believe this to be 100% Lavender (Lavandula Angustifolia) essential oil then read on. I am not an expert and I do not have expensive lab equipment to test the ingredients in the essential oils with but I have years of experience with essential oils. I want people who buy them to be safe, so I make sure I check everything I can before I give a final rating. To me it is either a 100% essential oil or it's not. The three things I check when I get an essential oil is first is the aroma, second is the consistency of the essential oil and third is the color. I do not rate an essential oil on if I like or don't like the aroma. I do rate an oils aroma on the way it should be. With all natural essential oils, the aroma can be slightly different from batch to batch, even from the same distiller, depending on when it was harvested or many other factors but you should still know that it is Lavender essential oil. If I write a review on an essential oil, it will be an essential oil that I have years of experience with, I read about that essential oil and know what to expect, and I have bought this essential oil with the same botanical name from more than the source I am reviewing. I have bought Lavender essential oil (Lavandula Angustifolia) in the past from many companies but now I have seven others besides this one. I did check to see if there was a carrier oil in it and I did not find any oily substance in this Lavender essential oil. Essential oils are not really oil or a fat and to test for an oil or a fat, I used a very easy method of evaporation. With this test, you need to know that some essential oils evaporate within minutes and there are some essential oils that can take days to evaporate and with citrus oils that are cold pressed, you need to know that sometimes they can fail this test and can leave small amounts of non-volatile compounds that can leave a mark but should never leave an oily mark. Also, this “test” is only valid on essential oils that have been diluted with an oily compound. This does not mean that the essential oil if it passes this test is pure because many essential oil companies cut their oils with alcohol, or other solvents that will leave no oily residue behind. Please learn everything you can about the essential oil you are going to buy and if you can buy up to four of the same botanical name essential oil from different companies. Remember there are many companies that dilute their essential oils with either carrier oils or solvents and alcohols and they are hoping you do not know enough about that essential oil. I depend on reviews myself when I order products and will only write an honest review with the knowledge that I have about a product. I receive this product for a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
Havent really noticed a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. I have been using it once a day. It is a very fine powder.
My husband said his shoes were stinky, so I went to Amazon planning to buy those sneaker balls. I saw this product and decided to try it based on all the positive reviews. After using it once my husband said the odor went away. I haven't checked back with him, but he has plenty left. Great invention!
I chose this curling brush because I read ceramic tourmaline is for thinner, fine hair like I have. It produced nice curls and my hair stayed curly a little longer than usual but I didnt see anything much different than other curling brushes.I had quite a difficult time learning how to curl my hair without a clip. I guess the no clip is for curls to look more natural.I think it is a misprint that it is on sale from $149 as it states.It did the job of curling my hair but it didnt go above and beyond regular curlers
At first I thought this was just weird. Black and unlike other conditioners I've used. It's got a faint charcoal scent. I gave it a shot and it actually works really well to get the gunk off my hair. Whereas most conditioners feel slippery, this one actually feels the opposite. I can't say I prefer that or not, but something to be aware of.  Give it a shot.
This was a gift for our Godson who we were told loved it.  The whole family enjoyed playing the game.
I feel I got what I paid for. At $7.62 I was not expecting anything too terribly great but I put it on and after less than 6 hours of wearing noticed the elastic has already stretched and is gone. I was hoping to get at least a weeks use out of each bandage but doubt I will get that.
Great smell, and it's safe for my son who had severe eczema.  I get complimented all the time on how our clothes smell and it's because of this and the dryer spray that method sells.
Bought for gifts for grandkids.  Great idea.
If you wear jewelry beware because your jewelry will get caught on this and could be damaged if you try to pull it off.
Easy to apply after bathing without spilling.  This is nice product without being too greasy.  Fine mist will do the trick without pouring it in your hand and possibility of spilling.
Can't say I would ever use this.  It doesn't fit well in a car seat and isn't comfortable enough for the house.  I like the idea, but it isn't functional in a front bucket seat in a large car. My husband needs a little help in and out of the car and this was of no use to us.
Great for sever's disease . My son said are very comfortable and are helping a lot with the pain.
Worked twice second time wouldn't even come on for five minutes so it really worked once. Then no lights no heat MADE IN CHINA garbage!  In the process of moving I don't have a printer to return so this is beyond inconvenient and with a stiff neck. Running to print labels and return. Second time this week.I guess I'm just frustrated with being the best nation on the earth and having the crappiest products on the planet because of China and the terribke deals we have made in this county. I'm done shopping online because of this
Helps with inflammation
This ice pack works on small area like my hand..but comes out of the freezer very hard. I need to wait a while for it to soften and be more comfortable. But I do like that it is not bulky or difficult for me to hold.
This eye glass case is made of a very hard material and was not easy to open and close.  When I tried to return it to the vendor, (who I think was out of the country) they were not helpful. So I still have the item but never used it.
Nice set. Love the blue color.
I have problems with calloused heels and so I need to do some exfoliation from time to time.  I've used the battery-powered Emjoi for years, but I got tired of replacing the batteries.  This one is more convenient, more powerful, and faster.WARNING:  Be careful!  This can very easily grind too much skin off the feet and create a wound.  It is best to go easy.
I'm glad I found this product.  A few pumps a day rubbed into the skin delivers transdermal magnesium.  I used to use the flakes to make a bath, and I also used the flakes to make a transdermal spray, but I like the lotion better.  It is effective and easy to use.Bath got too expensive because I had to use so much of the product to get the correct concentration.  And the spray method is very messy because so much of the spray goes onto other surfaces rather than my skin.  The spray-on method also leaves a chalky residue on my skin.This lotion glides on the skin and stays where it is put.  It soaks in quickly and leaves my skin soft.Highly recommended.
I read somewhere that in Ancient Egypt, silver was prized even more highly than gold.  Do you think it was because they knew that Silver has the ability to prevent and cure disease???  Throughout human history it has been used to sanitize everything from drinking water to surfaces.  Over the past several years I have been discovering the value of silver as a disinfectant, antimicrobial and antiviral remedy.  First, I found nano silver in a liquid form that it ingested internally.  That was 4 years ago and I haven't been sick since my first dose.  My latest discovery is silver ointment and gels for the skin.  WOW!Now, I have been using the Silver Shield Gel for external applications and it is every bit as effective for cuts, blisters, blemishes, acne, boils and all other problems the present on the skin.  I dab a little bit of this on any kind of eruption and it is usually gone within 24 hours.  I cannot believe that an inexpensive, natural and safe substance can be so effective and yet there are so many people who don't know about it!Silver Shield and Silver Sol are two products that belong in every person's first-aid kit.  Get Some!  :-)
This make up brush is so dissappointing. Good quality makeup brushes are not hard to find, but the kind that retract seem to be few and far between. I was so glad to find this little brush, because I travel a lot and have trouble keeping my make up brushes clean.As soon as I opened the package, the lids fell off! They are so loose that it is no use even trying to use these brushes for their intended purpose. I tried crimping the lids a little so they would grip, but it was no use. They simply do NOT fit well, won't stay on and that is all there is to it. This is not a fluke, because I also ordered the retractable blush brush (made by the same company), and it has the same problem.The actual brushes are not my favorite, and this little eye shadow brush has made it's way to the bottom of my make up drawer, to languish for a respectable amount of time till I decide to face that I will never use this.  Even if I liked the brush, no matter how good the brushes are, if the lids don't stay on the whole purpose of a retractable brush is defeated.Another weird thing is that the seller was supposed to be a company called BOOKS FROM BOULDER. The package came from TARGET! I could have just driven to my neighborhood Target store and bought these without paying the shipping. Very strange.
This is so cute and it makes a thoughtful inexpensive gift for booky and or druggy people. Quite small-- this works better for carrying a couple advil than for being a daily pill box if you need to take pills three times a day.
I have very fine thin hair and this is AMAZING! My hair is soft, shiny, bouncy, full, smells great, and feels healthy and clean. If you're hair is greasy, you're not rinsing well or you're using too much as a leave-in conditioner. If your hair is dry, maybe your water is hard, you're not using a bit as leave-in conditioner... All the negative reviews are totally opposite of my experience. Everyone's nose is different. This smells very close to the smell when driving past orange groves in Florida. I look forward to trying the honey peach and the mango coconut. And no one paid me to type this ;)UPDATE: I've been using this product for a couple weeks now. I used to have quite a bit of hair that came out in the shower and also as I was blow drying my hair. I wasn't expecting this and as far as I'm concerned this, in and of itself, is worth the product: my hair has almost completely stopped falling out! Yes, I get hairs that fall out just like everyone else, but before there were times when I wondered how I wasn't bald. Having very thin, fine hair has been difficult because it just looks wispy. I'm excite to see what happens in the next 6 months!
Arthritis sufferers have known for a long time the benefits of tart cherries or tart cherry juice in easing some of the joint pain.  However it can be really challenging to get enough of the cherries or juice in you daily to keep consistent benefits coming your way.  The tart cherry capsules definitely solve that problem.  Of course the best benefit comes from the original source, so we try to get the real cherries or juice (even dried cherries work) as much and as often as possible. But in those times when we don't have cherries or juice around, these are a welcome substitute. There are several of us in the family with arthritic problems, and we all use these tart cherry supplements because we have found them to be extremely helpful.Nature's Bounty is a brand we have used for years and have found them to be high quality at a reasonable price, so this particular brand of the tart cherry capsules  are the perfect choice.
Smells great and keeps my mat from getting funky. Love the little towel too, it was nice to not have to sacrifice one from my linen closer to keep in yoga bag.
Takes little space to store for emergencies.
I really like the soft cloth at the head of the brush, no scratching anything I use it on. Good sizes. Seem like they will hold up well. Recommend.
I do have 3 sets of these (a black, a pink & a silver set), 2 sets I have had for years, decided I wanted to pick up a third set. They are great for travel. I have tubes of different colors for different color pallets, one color tube (maybe the pink set) for browns for a natural look, a different color tube (maybe the black set) for graysblack for a dramatic look. I use the third tube (example: the gray tube) for a small blush brush and maybe a smaller brow brush & eyelash comb. They they perform pretty darn well for travel brushes, I have been very happy with them. The brushes are protected by the tubes so no bend bristles upon arrival at my destination. Have not had any issues with shedding either, even from the 2 sets I have had for several years. Highly recommend
THIS IS THE BEST STAIN REMOVER EVER!!!!!!
This is the only form of iodine that I can take.  Not only that years ago I was treated for Lyme disease.  My heavy metals were tested and my Lead and Mercury were off the chart.  While at an amazing clinic I was also treated with chelation therapy to reduce my heavy metals.  By the time I left my Lead and Mercury were about 12 of what they had been, but were still way too high.  I came home bought an IV pkg from a local Dr. but they made me wait 4 months before I could start chelation therapy again.  During that time I was taking 5-7 of these a day to help with my energy.  I had read that this can remove heavy metals, but??? how effectively.  When the Dr. finally had time to see me 4 months later and they tested me for Heavy metals they were all but gone!!!  This stuff had pulled the rest of them out of my system.  The $1,000 I paid just had to be used for the occasional Vitamin C IV, because no one ever refunds money.  Now, the thing about heavy metals is that they can get into every cell so you clean out the blood and other stores will be released.  Meaning it might take years and years to completely remove all of the heavy metals depending upon how long you had mercury in your mouth, how much, or how long you were exposed to other things. If you are using it for anything other than as an iodine source you might want to have your Heavy Metals tested to check your progress.  I have not had my heavy metals tested in years, but this product helps to give me energy and helps me to feel good so I continue to take 3-5 per day.  They are staples in my ever shrinking supplement list.
Seems to be working good.  Helps out dry brittle hair.
Smells woodsy, like pencil shavings. seriously! I use it twice a day for a week and heel cracks are healing. Nice thick consistency without being gooey, nice applicator, doesnt stain clothes. wash right out.
This thing works better than any other product i have used. I had very hard heels from day to day walking. I do suggest to get the coarse green ones when ordering if you do have hard hard heels. The stock blue ones work great for mild to light hard heels and day to day use. I do suggest the corded one since no batteries are needed and feels more powerful than the battery one.
This is not a production unit;  it's a portable, easily transportable, light weight, simple, fairly durable unit.  For a homeowner, handyman or light commercial, it's very nice.  I'm an electrician; for the low end carpentry I need to do my work, this is perfect.
Envelopes are just disgusting to lick and most seem to be losing their original gum anyway, so I use this glue tape instead. It is like and ultra-thin layer of double sided tape with one benefit. Do you get find you applied too much glue and it was outside the area needed? This stuff rolls right up and doesn't leave a mark.Great for the office, letter writers, scrap booking and paper arts. I highly recommend.
I wanted a nice looking set of clippers but also needed them to be functional. I also wanted both a fingernail clipper and a toenail clipper in one set. The clippers arrived quickly and when I got the set home I wanted to try them out right away. They came together in a set in a small cardboard box. There isn't a carrying case, but I will just slip them into a small makeup bag for storage.These clippers felt solid and balanced in my hand but were easy to cut with. The clippers are easy to grip because they are ergonomically correct, and they cut smoothly every time. They cut through the nail very cleanly with no jagged edges or pulling too. These clippers open wide enough to cut well, for I'm sure even thick nails,and are curved on the ends for an even cut. I had absolutely no problems in using these clippers. The clippers are made of strong stainless steel that allows me to sanitize them without worry of rust or corrosion. They should last a lifetime. I received the product for testing purposes. I have no complaints or problems and the product I've tried is working very well for me. This is my personal opinion and I am in no way required to write a review. I will leave honest feedback that I base on my own personal experience with the product I receive. I am in no way affiliated with any supplier or manufacturer of goods.
This body mist has a very feminine soft scent that I really like. It's floral but not overpowering.  It smells delicious, and since it's affordable for a big bottle I can spritz several times throughout the day. I am really enjoying it, and it's my new fave pheromones spray. My boyfriend liked it too!! I will purchase this again!!
Works well, does what is says and helps keep you feeling clean an dry.
This is a nice scent reasonably priced. As far as it's attraction powers, Men are nice when I wear it and I am often told I smell nice. So, its a good value and I like it fine.
I have an old paint gun and these are getting hard to find.
During the great glove shortage of 2020, I decided to invest in some long reusable gloves. While they aren’t as form fitting as regular nitrile gloves, I’m able to wipe down groceries and open packages just fine.Maybe someday soon I will use them for their original intent and wash the dishes with them.
I got these as a gift and will not return them, but they are very clunky to walk in. Massage barely noticeable while standing and VERY ( I MEAN ANNOYINGLY) loud buzzing while sitting. can't hear TV over the buzz. Was a nice thought for a gift I wouldnt recommend them
Cheap, the soap leaks out of the sponge.
This product works almost immediately to stop foot and leg cramps. Sometimes they wake me out of deep sleep and it's all I can do to hobble to the bathroom because of the pain and cramping. I rub this stuff on where it's having a spasm and within 2 minutes it's gone. Works every time
For years I have heard about the Magic Eraser.  From friends and family, even co-workers.  Not sure what took me so long to try it out, but when I did, all I can say is 'WOW'!!!  I had embedded stains from makeup and who knows what on the bathroom corian sink which I scrubbed with baking soda, even softscrub with bleach, and the stains didn't come all the way out.  ONE TRY with the Magic Eraser and BAM!  Stains gone.  Then I decided to try it on the black toaster oven, where I accidentally left a loaf of bread and the plastic melted into the top.  I washed it, rubbed it and used everything I could think of, but that thin layer of plastic wouldn't budge.  In comes the Magic Eraser and it came off right away.  No kidding.  The name says it all, because this stuff is truly magic!
These were a literal life savor for my wedding. When I was breaking them in beforehand my heels kept popping up if I wasn't careful, but the day of I stuck these in and they where comfortable and kept my feet from popping out the entire night. This also involved me hiking all over gardens and climbing hills and rocky paths. I never once was concerned about losing a shoe and falling to my death. If you need that little something to keep your heels in place get these, they are perfect!
I like the idea but I never figured it out. Three them away
A great deal for how much you get.  I use this in bubbles to make them stronger and last longer for the kids.  It works great for this....I can's speak to how it works for cooking.  I love the way it holds bubbles together and makes them invincible!
Garbage. My kid felt hot to the touch, this thermometer used on his forehead showed 97.7 degrees. Ear showed 98.2. Didn't seem correct so took temp rectally, and it was 102.
Sometimes you never think about needing a really good Kleenex but when it’s needed or for people that we love need them more often than not it’s nice to know that we have puffs with lotion Because when your nose gets really sore from blowing it’s nice to know it gets treated a lot better with these.
Easy to set and very secure. The cap is also a lot bigger than typical bottles which can be helpful when you have arthritis. My only complaint would be that the dial for the combination is a bit small which can be a little difficult for failing hands.
My beautiful wife swears by Olay products. The Olay Derma Pods are outstanding. She tried other products from other companies but swears Olay is the finest. Words of hype? Absolutely not!!! My wife is 57+ years old and everyone she meets thinks she is no older than 35. Bravo Olay!!!
Great buy!
I just finished my 3rd ride with the Junp I purchased through Amazon and I'm pretty convinced this is the best hydration powder I've tried.I road cycle and MTB in Southern California, and it always seems like the most draining days are when the temps start to heat up in the spring, and the body has to adjust.  I got the Junp Wild Berry just as SoCal got its first heat wave, and it really did the trick.  After the rides I didn't find myself lunging for a can of coconut water like I was expecting, and later in the day I didn't have the slightly jittery feeling due to depletion of electrolytes and salts.  No shade on the other products I’ve tried, but I usually find myself needing a little 'boost' after rides when using them.A surprising bonus point was that the Junp didn't seem to clog my water bottle valves like some of the other hydration mixes I've used.  Maybe it's the no sugar, but whatever the reason, it's a relief to not have to super-scrub out a bottle when you just want to shower and relax!
A waste of money personally. I regret I bought this. Thought it would be fun but the scratch off was already lifted
Have not used it yet. Sorry.
This is my second time of ordering these and I have no problem with them. These are so much cheaper than the name brand. Would recommend highly!!!
This is an after market.  Blades are great and work just as good as the original.  Problem is the little blue things that hold the blade and blade cover in place are super fragile and break easily.  this is cheaper than replacing the blades, but the casing is not worth it.
Beautiful and good quality!
My sister uses this to cushion her toes on her injured foot.  She says this works very well.  I imagine it could be used for a lot of things.
Just probably me but I didn’t like smell. I gave it to friend .i want a real pine smell
Good product. Better than liquid. Always rely on it. Will order again when needed. Good price
Ordered incorrect size. Learning process.
This stuff works great on left on forever grease messes by the stove.
Good news, these do stick on Hersey's kisses for days.  Buy them, you get a lot.  I used them for the rehearsal dinner (sweet) and the wedding.Great price.Went with the burlap theme
I am 57 with dry skin. The Night SKin helps keep it exfoliated and fresh. After using it at bedtime, I wake up in the AM, wash with mild face soap and apply the Day Skin. A great combo for older, dry skin. I recommend it!
Have used these for several years. Just purchased more to put in luggage, etc. God tired of forgetting to put them in my ditty bag. They work as advertised.
I absolutely love these straws. I bought them to match some red & black party decorations & they matched real well. A hit at the birthday gathering I had.
This absolutely what I have been looking for to use for my low back.
I love this scent! Perfumey and potent, I barely use any of these in the wash and they do the trick. The scent is strong so you don't need much. It don't really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. On clothing, it's very mild, but if you are washing a picky male's laundry you might want to try something more herbal. My husband doesn't care one way or the other so this is fine for us.I know fabric softenersscent boostersadded stuff are not that great for fabrics but I like my laundry to smell clean. I respond to scent and I have found that I enjoy doing laundry much more if I have nicely scented things to use.I was using Purex Crystals but the packaging is deceptive, it's only about 34 of the way full. I also have to use more in order to get the benefit of the scent. The Downy packaging is a bit better and I do the tiniest sprinkle. One bottle lasts a long time.They open easily (I guess so people can try the scent before purchasing) and people can steal right from the bottle. I have found half-empty bottles on the shelf before. A friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! So be sure to check your bottles when you make a purchase! It's easy to just grab a bottle thinking it's full and get home to find that some is missing, especially if you're a distracted mom and are in a hurry to get home before your child has an in-store meltdown!I now make my own laundry detergent and I use these in one of my batches (I make a softeneradded stuff free batch too, for towels) and I am very happy with it. Only one step and no measuring when its time to wash. The recipe I use is from a blog called Aprons 'n Pearls and the post is called Homemade Laundry Soap (if you want to Google it, I found it on Pinterest). It uses washing soda, borax, Fels Naptha, and other ingredients plus these. You only need a couple-few tablespoons per laundry load so one batch lasts a looong time. It takes about 20-30 mins to make it.I purchased this through Prime Pantry and it was $6.99 with a $2.00 coupon, which is still a little bit more than what I'd pay in my grocery store. But I needed a new bottle before I would have a chance to run to the store. I paid extra for the delivery but in store this is much less expensive, especially if you can find a coupon.
Perfect refilling oils for vape pens.  Worked exactly as I had intended it to.
There aren't many in a package so they seem expensive or I might get them again. They taste quite good, hardly different from almonds but smaller and maybe a light woody edge to them. As I got the "sweet" ones it really wouldn't be possible to eat so many that they became toxic, but the package is so small probably couldn't eat too many of the bitter ones either, which seriously can be toxic and can even kill people. The notion that they have health benefits beyond those of the almond are absurd though -- that they're sold even to cure cancer proves only there's a sucker born every minute. Health Canada warns that cyanide poisoning is a real threat and health benefits not the least likely. But the sweet ones have far too little of the chemical that breaks down into cyanide and the liver can clean that up in a jiffy.
This product is amazing!!!!! I hate having to do hot compresses when I get a stye and I don't feel like they help much. Usually my styes are gone in 4 or 5 days but this last stye was the worst I have ever had. After 10 days of discomfort, ugliness, and hot compresses it was still huge and lookimg like there was no end in sight. Then I found this product and one of the reviews I read had me sold. I recieved this product on Sunday and it is now Thursday and it is already almost gone. The biggest bonus is that the product has caused it to drain with no need of heat compresses. Also a little goes a long way. The instructions say use three drops but I have that one is way more than plenty to get the job done. This was well worth the money! It is also better than the prescription that I got from the doctor which would burn my eye if it got on it.
I take vits and some of them are very large - this helps fit all my daily intake of vits in one place. The pill closes perfectly and leaves plenty room.
I really wanted to like this but I just can't. It has several features that just don't work for me. Although it fits OK, the elastic is heavy and the velcro closure is very stiff. Overall it is quite uncomfortable to wear. The velcro, if not closed very carefully, catches on the wrap and already there are fabric pulls where it has snagged the wrap. It is also a very thin fabric, and affords no warmth when you get out of the shower. Also I don't find it particularly absorbent. It would work I guess, as a &#34;modesty&#34; cover-up if you were in a public place - like the gym showers, but other than that I can't say much about it that's positive. Sorry but this is a 2 star product for me, at best.
I have on used two out of the box. They left me very tired the next day.
Perfect fragrance for my kitchen.  Quality product that lasts and does not clog my diffuser.
I received this item very quickly. That said, it comes with absolutely no directions...not even the picture that you see on the web page, it arrives in a clear plastic type bag...but nothing else. It takes some real getting used to once you put it on. It's better than a CPAP, but if you are sensitive to having something on your face, this will cause you issues. As for snoring, I've been told that it has lessened my snoring somewhat, but it has not eliminated it.
I have all of the Downy Infusion varieties to come out of the bottle like a white mud. It is gloppy and a mess to work with and will definitely stain your clothes if it lands on a piece of cloth without the agitation of the washer working immediately. At first, I thought the product had &#34;gone bad&#34; because I thought that there was no way any company would make such a disgusting mess. I was wrong. ALL of the &#34;Downy Infusion&#34; products are like this one.
They fit great. Has a really good price. They are sturdy. I can fit every one of my fingers.
Its heavy duty, works well in the kitchen, any surfaces that needs cleaning
great for use on days you feel to loosen up after splurging on calories.
Only 4 stars because the gloves are small. The pot holders mitts work very good but do not have any silicone stripping on them which would help hold the dish better. But these are good.
Good stuff - as advertised
Love the aroma. Smells fresh and clean. Not too sweet and full of strong perfume.
I liked it didn't disintegrate, and food didn't stuck, a bit thin though
It does not work for gymnastics activities.  &#34;It Stays&#34; seems to work better.
Need to be softer
Good shears, they are more greenish neon yellow than the picture describes
Love the Puffs!
Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi Smart Scale, White Great scale but cannot be used if you have a pacemaker!
Product arrived on time. I use it to help relax at night before going to bed. Most nights it just requires one pill, occasionally two hours later if I'm still not asleep I will take an extra pill. I believe it works off of your body weight. I will be ordering this again.
This product does work very well, but as others have mentioned the taste of the wintergreen is so strong and it takes a long time to dissolve. I broke each one into 4 places, it is much easier to handle in smaller pieces. I was trying to find something that would work as well and Nature Made Vitamelts relax tablets that contained the same amount of L-Theanine.  I worked at a grocery and sold lots of the vitamelts before they were discontinued and I think if they had been marketed to use to relax to go to sleep instead of to calm you down in the day the product would still be on the shelves.
This is a beautiful copper magnetic bracelet. I've only worn it for a day and havent had any pain in my fingers like I do at times. I'll update as I notice anything. I received a discount for an honest review.
This is exactly as described.  I was nervous it would not be the size described but it is a large size to fit any bulky or thick items for storage.  Very sturdy construction and the window is a plus.
Ordered thus as it is supposedly helpful with joint pain. Then found out is not good for me as I am on a blood thinner. Check with your Dr. before taking.
Helps with the hungries.
I was concerned that the black quilted material may look a bit feminine as I had purchased two of these for Christmas gifts for men. My husband said they were fine. Perhaps it was the sleeve it was packaged in which is pinkish and lavender. That being said it's a nice kit with all the essential tools and would work for either a male or female.
helps these dry  funky eyes.  pricey but worth it for me.
Horribly overpriced!!
Very messy to use. Leaking.Please take it back
to slick a material  food falls to floor
These are very poorly made and thin material. Would not stay up and do nothing to help with knee pain.
They are cheap and durable. They will serve you well for long time. They are not very sharp compares to more professional sets. However, they will do the job as good as many sets in the market.
This brush is probably the easiest way to straighten your hair....I have very long, very thick hair, and anything else has been a pain in the butt to use.  This has made it very, very easy! I highly recommend it!
Works great
I bought this Nutmed when I was on my trip last February. The guide recommended it for my back pain. I wish I could purchase this by the gallon!!!!!!!! My pain is not controlled with any medicines or other topicals. If I had realized how amazing this product truly is, I would have bought more than one bottle! I recommend this to anyone who suffers pain. Also works on my arthritis pain in my hands. Awesome job NUTMED!!!!!!!!!
I would like this more if it didn't tend to settle toward the bottom of the glass. Taste is fine.
Very Nice !
Very light and very short, even with the telescopic handle
I really like these but I took off one star because they are very heavy.
This sounded perfect for me.  Unfortunately it really did not work out well because it is too heavy for me to move and I can't climb high enough to step on the chair.
This is very moisturizing and protective with hardly any scent - which is perfect for me. Will buy again as needed.
Great product! It is sturdy and just high enough for me. I love the handle as I have poor balance. The person that said to step on it before you depend on the handle is correct. I am happy I bought this.
this stuff really works
Previous purchase
Don't waste you time or money on other products! Very effective and pet friendly. I did the carpets under 2 King size beds and still have plenty left.  I'll be buying a second to keep &#34;on hand&#34;.
Would not recommend, this are about as cheap of quality as I have ever seen in reading glasses.  Broke the first day,
Needs smoothed hole edges but I can do that easily myself in a few minutes.
I am addicted to these sponges as I hate houswork and they speed through a lot of cleaning chores that used to involve a lot of products and scrubbing. I now have clean counters, a clean stove, and generally much cleaner kitchen with very little effort.
These work great to wipe... if you can keep hold of them! They slide all around and they dry out pretty fast. I think if they were each maybe twice as big, it wouldn’t be so difficult to use these to remove nail polish. I have to stack 2 together to effectively remove the nail polish. But they ARE lint free, there no problem there!
Great product.  It works great  Easy to use. Must buy!!!
ridiculous.  1 sheet will not wash anything.  Use 15 sheets maybe
Worked wonderfully for making slide sandals fit perfectly. I have one foot that is just a tad bit larger on top than the other and they worked great for making both fit the same.
Dermend is a fantastic product, it works wonderfully
70% alcohol was hard to find and somewhat expensive due to covid scare.
I was given this product to test out and give my opinion as to what I think about it. First; it arrived swiftly. I will have to update this, since I just recently received it, but since I do deal with problems of circulation due to so, sooo many cancer surgeries, it feels good to gently move both of these against the skin. The one, rolls along the skin, the other rounded one is for specific areas, but I would suggest that maybe having a handle with a softer grip might be a good idea, but the concept is a good one. We'll see if I can give a more detailed feedback as far as how it is working on my skin soon. Restoring circulation is a big plus for me though. (love the color too). *G*
Small size makes it easy to store in purse or desk drawer. Works well.
This product is OK, but would recommend getting a much larger size!
Very Good Product for Dryers, as fabric softener & lint collector!
I bought it as a gift. My friend told me there were only 4 holes, not six as in description.
Works great
Smells great, nice container.
I had a very expensive dental guard made by my dentist, it was extremely uncomfortable, and would end up taking it out after just a hour or so. I looked for alternatives on my own that wouldn't cost me hundreds of dollars. I came across this guard and I couldn't be happier! Now I don't grind my teeth at night.
These bags were perfect for the job I needed them for.  I have a tin and treats I put in these bags and it worked ut perfectly.  I would buy again. Maybe not sturdy for some jobs, but perfect for this one.
This product came out years ago and back then it was the greatest of all multi vitamins...Now  it's missing the kick that it had back in the day.....NOT WORTH IT!.
Did not fit. obviousley yhis company doesn't know that there are different sizes of faucet tips.
I got what I needed to wake up and get out to my commute while it's still dark.  I am the poster child for &#34;not a morning person.&#34;  This makes it happen.
 I mean, cute, but do not bend in the waist or tail, only arms.  As a result, I can’t really post them in anyway that looks realistic.
I received this product discounted in exchange for a review--I state this disclaimer upfront because that's what I would want to know first, and I too am disturbed by the ratings inflation on Amazon for IEF reviews lately. I do not indiscriminately give 5star reviews, and they are only given for a fraction of products I try that I find are exceptional and I would buy myself at FULL price.  If you wish not to view IEF reviews such as this, click on the filter link to the right of the review section, and then click on &#34;verified purchases only&#34;; that will take most of them out.I don't profess to be an expert on essential oils, but after reading some of the other posts questioning the purity of this brand's lemongrass, I ran the suggested tests and got the same results.  That being said, for my practical purposes, I use it as part of a homemade insect repellent, along with other tree oils, on me and the dog.  It's been working well, and the product smells good to me--very lemongrass-y.  Maybe I'm not as discerning as other people, but it works for me.
I love this product. Works well for my cloth diapered baby. I have had no repelling issues with this diaper cream. It is a yellow color with little white &#34;shea pearls&#34; in it. It's NOT a barrier cream and it treats redness and rashes successfully. I did a lot of research when I chose cloth diapers and this is my #1 choice for diaper rash!
These clippers are a strong sturdy and sharp but they’re a little tight to use I don’t have a lot of strength in my hands
theyre nice, but expensive. Pretty good moisture without feeling greasy. Like the differrnt flavors
Works great, tastes TERRIBLE but that the product not the brand.  It does dissolve well which is good -
Supplements were a great deal, cheaper than the local nutrition store.  Plan to order again in the future.  No complaints at all but just so everyone knows, Amino Acids taste TERRIBLE!  They also give you terrible breathe while you're eatingdrinking it.  Just a heads up, I wasn't aware of this until after I started them.
I really like these.  They are clear and large.  They are a multipurpose bag for me storing comforters, etc.
I like the size - not too bulky or too small. It comes with a removable, soft cover so the bottle doesn't "sweat." No leaks. Would buy again.
Excellent packaging.  Great price.  Kiwi loves it!
My wife uses these and likes the assortmant of colors to change up the look now and then.
Not really all that thrilled with this.
As for me is too sweet, I  have used energy shakes before, not as sweet as this... sweet things are not just for me... sorry
Pads under the arms are very uncomfortable, other than that works as expected
Pads that cover the D rings are VERY uncomfortable under the arms.  Other than that, it works as expected
Priced Right
Works well and ease to use
I bought this +- 20 years ago (not from amazon) and its still going strong!  I have thin, wispy hair and this keeps it all up in a bun very nicely and for hours.Recommend this.
Great product it definitely is helping with my severe dry eyes. I got to say great quality for me and not expensive and I'm glad I bought this
Bought because I got COVID. My mom was telling me she was worried about my O2 dropping, so I basically just got this to help ease her worries. Seemed to work well and my O2 stayed above 90, usually above 95, so that was good.
Great scent, you only need 1-2 drops of oil for a strong scent 😀
Works when in but not great as goes off tooQuickly.
What is needed.
I searched a long time to find the best cushion since I'm at my computer a great part of each day.  This did the trick!  Thank you Amazon!
Fantastic idea but tips over very easily.
Sturdy and cute, really durable and reasonably comfortable. I was surprised at the quality given the low price.
I bought this so I could have it sync with my account and have everything sort of all in one.  All in all it's a good scale, setup took a lil time to get straight due to wifi settings and whatnot but other than that it's a decent scale.  The only thing I don't like is it's 2lbs more than my other scale but my other scale is pretty old.  Also, I usually like to weigh twice to make sure it's accurate and when I do that I notice that there is a slight fluctuation in the weight and Body fat %.
I should have just threw $7 out the window at least someone would benefit from it.  It does not fit, it does not stay on, simply put IT DOES NOT WORK.
Exactly what I needed!
Just what I wanted. Sturdy but soft bristles.
It cleans ok but it just smells like oranges.  I’m not convinced it has any disinfectant qualities that match up to Doterra, which smells more like cloves.  Great packaging though. I won’t buy again..
Great supplement
I noticed no energy increase..returned item!
Impossible to use. The area for the battery is blocked. Impossible to remove. Waste of money.
All around nice product good amount for the price i use in in skincare so i cant comment on taste i will buy this again.
Used this to make bubble bars i had no issues worked as expected shipped quickly
Everyone that see's this on my Dad just loves it.
Great way to get vitamin C that isn't from corn-based crap.
This stuff really does keep your glasses on. I use it daily. It's especially good for workouts and when I run outside I use it on my sunglass. The only drawback is that the wax leaves a film if you get it on your lenses and you'll need a towel to get it off.
Great Scale
As school starts and cold season approaches its time for immunity building! My spouse served me the drink and I asked if they added seltzer because it was so effervescent (which I like), but it was just from the tablet dissolving in water. My kids begged to taste it because it looks like lemonade, and they really liked the flavor! I was surprised. It didn't taste too bad to me either, slightly lemony. With three kids in school, here's hoping for less sickness this season!
Expensive, but excellent product.  If you can afford it, buy it.
Arrived with one candle broken so returned the whole thing, do not know about the longevity.  It doesn’t smell that great unlit but not sure if it would smell better once you light it.
Get size for traveling but is way too hard to get open.
Works much better than I expected and I adore the handle... I can reach everywhere!
I work nights. I'm on my feet all day all night I thought maybe this would help soothe them a bit. It doesn't keep the water warm... nothing massages.. the attachments are dumb. Honestly I'd rather use a bucket. Oh well. Least I bought it on sale ? Save your money amd get something better !
They work great
We have a indooroutdoor shoo cat. We set this up today. I put her blanket from a patio chair in it...and coaxed her in. She loves It! It's 33° and we are in the shade. It's so important for our kitty to have shelter, when the shop is closed.Overall very good. The screw holes could take some work. A couple needed help to align. The door flaps are a joke. We didn't use ours, they fell off. I expect if we used some stick on Velcro they might. I put a piece of rigid polystyrene in the rear escape door. Win-win!
Rejuvenated our 3 year old granite, which I have been neglecting for a while. Used a sealer product after cleaning, and followed up with the Rock Doctor Granite Polish, and the shine returned to our counters for the most part. While not a miracle product by any means, the counters look a 100 times better than they did beforehand.
the outside of this dildo is super rough and looks like its pulling apart and the head is big and hard. the veins on this dildo are rock hard and hurt during play.
so far so good it has not broken and works great
use it for my flavored vape juice since i go for clouds and flavor no nicotine, works good tastes good.
I had hoped for the outfit to fit more nicely then it did but its ok however not as good as it looks but fair for the price.
Shaves well.  The first one i ordered stopped working after 5 months of use. However the seller was kind enough to provide a replacement.
You get 2 bowls and they are so pretty. I got 2 white ones. They come with lids.
Both of my grandsons seem to like using this. I usually follow-up with their electric brushes along the gumlines.
My husband is very pleased with this trimmer. The price was what helped him decide to give this a try. He loves a good deal. He recommends this beard trimmer.
Compared to other products like this, I've read many reviews and compared many products. I haven't fully tested and used this product yet, but I have high hopes in that it will help. I have a few weeks before I can really test how well this works in addition to other detox methods and changes in my diet and exercise routines. I took a chance on this product and hopefully it will help!Update 1013I wanted this product to work, in fact, I got the second bottle for free and took the pills for 2 weeks straight so I had really high hopes that it would work. I just tested myself before my real test tomorrow and my results are positive after having not smoked for over 2 weeks and then using these pills for the last 2 weeks straight. The bottle claims to work within a week and it hasn't worked for me for 2 weeks of use. Just disappointed that I wasted my time and money taking 6 pills a day for 2 weeks. Guess I'm going with my last resort which was an additional detox drink before my real test. Hopefully that will work. Don't bother with this, if it doesn't work for me in 2 weeks I can't understand how some people got results in 1. Such a let down
Very pleased with my purchase.
Very pleased with my purchase.
I’ve bought this a few times now. No, it doesn’t look spiffy but it works. No incentive given to me to write this. I just really like it and trust it.
Great. Extra grainy. Will file thick nails. No need for extra pressure on thin nails, or even thick. Very durable files.
Been using for homemade ejuice for years.  No issues
I used these candles as a baby shower  favor. They are larger than I thought and nicely and lightly scented. I purchased a variety of colors. The candles are made in China, however, not the US.
I'm allergic to pretty much everything so these softener dryer sheets are a lifesaver! They do not irritate my skin at all.
If you want a trace mineral supplement to add to your drinks, this is a good one. It doesn't alter the taste of the original drink. I use the smaller amount recommended, but the directions say you could use up to 2 mL per day.
Buy! A bang for your buck.
I had 2 and in our house I noticed the moldmildew was gone in the 2 rooms I had them in yet some times the rest of the house had a old stale smell... hard to explain so I purchased 2 more!  I have 6 rooms total in my house and by adding these two units the house smells fresh & clean all the time!  I have not had to replace any of the bulbs yet and I've had 2 for over a year!  I am so pleased with this product!!
For my work and it offer me that needed support  and after a half a month of use this show  that if you pay $19 for a back brace that just what you get  smh the strap dont hold together it just Garboden it is what it is!
We prefer the OSHA route that's already cut up and easier to make tea with but this was OK and if it's all that's available in the future we will buy it again. Thank you
This is the best pumice stone i have ever bought. It doesn't wear out easily like most other files. I will be gifting these for chirstmas in people's stockings
usually i love this brand, but the box came all dinged and seemed to be opened. so back it went. i love my eyes too much to subject it to some heeby jeeby tampered with solution. i will be going to the local drugstore to buy it instead.
I wasn't familiar with how sandalwood smells, but when I got it apparently I don't like it. If you know you like the smell then you'll probably like this product. Good price quite possibly the lowest priced beard balm on amazon. If you guys could sell an unscented one I would love that.
I love this product, it works so quickly and it does a good job of removing wrinkles from my clothing which I never iron.
I won't buy this again. For $62 a bottle, there's no way this shouldn't be organic....  I would buy it again if it was
These can be a little difficult im still trying to get them to stay on and fold right. Even with cleaning my eye area very well they only stay struck on for about 6 minutes but its only the outer corners that keep lifting up.
I really like this and it is on my Wish List for reorder. This saved a loveseat that has had a large dog brushing against it for years. It left the fabric beautiful, restored the nap and it smells lemony fresh! You can't miss with this product.
Very efficient!
I's pretty good stuff and will buy again.  Thank You!!
Great product. They really help relieve pain in heels. However placement is everything. If not done correctly it will be a mess.
One towel to clean and one to dry. What a pain.
TYPLASTICS Trash Can Liner - 7 - 10 Gallon  25 - 30 Liter - For Commercial and Home Use - Office Bathroom Wastebasket - 24" X 24" (Clear, 200 Count)... These seem okay. I shook out one and it didn't tear, so that means they're better than the dollar store. I'm not sure how sturdy they are, but I'll probably mostly use them for recycling since they're too sheer for bathroom trash and too small and thin for the kitchen. I wish they at least had a tint to them, because then I would use them for the bathroom and also for large gifts with some pretty ribbon -- maybe that idea will still work?
I just unboxed this light and wow. I expected it to be low quality - lightweight + cheap plastic. It’s anything but! With an Amazon coupon, I snagged this light therapy lamp for $11 but would absolutely buy again sans coupon. It seems very well made and it’s a great size! I ordered it as a light for my photo production class, but will likely being using this more often than I originally intended too. The buttons are touch sensitive too! (Not clicky, but touch like a touch lamp… if that makes sense). Anyway. I highly recommend this product
I did not expect a lot from the product because of the price, but need to tell you that I am really impressed. Visible result right away after first use. I will be ordering again. Good quality product for a great price.
Accurate description fast shipping
I am using this powder on my dog.  It's a great product.  It helped heal his wound.  But my vet warned me about using it on him, if he licks an area.  The zinc in the product is toxic to dogs.  So I stopped using it because he is always licking on the wounded area.
These are super soft and nice. I give lower rating because when a few hours they were flattened and hard. I realize it will in time, but expected it would still provide SOME cushion.
This is the second time I have bought bath booms. The first time was Lush, which was great but expensive. So, I decided to try another one. Then I found Ikalula! I like Ikalula’ bath booms! They have sweety smells and different colors! I love “Sweet Orange” most! I love all orange and lemon smells! They make my skin soft and make me relax after I bath. I will buy it again!
The only thing I really use out of this set is the glass nail file. It works incredibly well. The other multicolored files just take up space. Wasn’t pleased with them.
These work great for their price. They exfoliate a perfect amount. Not too soft, not too rough. They lather great. They don’t last too long, but you get what you pay for & that’s why I’m assuming they are 4 in a pack.
Not at all what I was expecting, having grown up with the real Glass Wax.  This is thin, runny, and played havoc with the stencils I ordered.  I could not even use the small ones, due to the runniness of the product.
Work great for dry eyes
My husband's therapist requested this to work on his balance because he has Parkinson's . Works as intended.
I know pure coconut milk tends to clump, but I would rather have clumping than have other ingredients included to prevent clumping. My body doesn't like the starches added. It adulterates the taste as well.
I love my hot heart massager. It's re-usable and remains ready to use until you flex the internal metal button. The solution inside then crystallizes, producing heat in the process. The heart remains flexible even after the crystals have formed, making it suitable for hot massage.
These are nice but I feel they are over priced.
I purchased this for my husband as he was looking to try a new creatine. He’s been taking it daily and has so far seen some pretty decent results. The taste is good, dissolves fairly well in water (which often times is a challenge with creatine in general). Overall it’s a little early to really tell how well this is working out, but it seems to be just fine. I’ll update the review with more info once more time has passed from taking it!
This stuff is good; it makes my contacts feel more comfortable and certainly keeps them cleaner. But this stuff is so damned expensive! It probably cost pennies to make and they run up the price because they have market share. With the way you have to use the product you run out of it super quickly and realize you've just blown $15 on a few weeks worth of contact cleaner. Crazy!
I have limited mobility in my ankles and can't squat or push down on my ankles. These wedges help give a little extra lift in the back to help drive.
FANTASTIC. Upscale. Great packaging. Great instructing. Well made silicon with 2! stoppers. One w elongated loop and one flat insert. Nice cover. Microwavable. And they stay warm. Best of all is the modest size. Perfect for so many applications. I bought 2 and prefer these to all others. Im going to give the plastic set to the pets for warmth. These surpass all other hot water bottles. And what a bargain price for the high end product.
These make properly worn do not even block simple dust or daily allergens. They will be of not be useful for prevention of airborn transmitted infection.I am a former RN Specialist. I bought these cheaper masks for use in my home for brief socially distanced encounters to give to ppl at my door etc. However in testing these with regular house dust they failed 3 consecutive times. Because I know the proper correct way to use a disposable face mask, I believe I can say with personal certainty they are substantially ineffective at blocking smaller particles suck as virus. However if this is all you can afford, I suggest you buy another similar product in this price range + supplement it with secondary face mask pathogen barriers as found on credible internet sites. That will be helpful bc blocking virus that causes COVID19 is essential.
This is the best product ever made for mosquitoes and flying insects!
Love the smell and feels great
Yes! I'm so happy that this product is finally available!! Great taste, great company, awesome stuff. It has a cool green color, but it mixes well into my normal morning smoothies, so I'm super happy with it. Thanks!
I use files to file my 4 month old's nails instead of clipping them, and I absolutely love glass files the best! They stand up to the test of time, and are so nice and solid. Very thankful to have found these!
I liked the results it gives.
This was an inexpensive piece to roll cones but honestly I found this to be difficult to use.  It's really hard to fill after rolling paper around it.  It becomes a frustrating situation to the point where I roll cones by hand quicker than using this tool.
Way too tight around the calf.
I purchased these for my boyfriend and I to put date ideas on, you could use for a variety of couple or best friend gifts. They include the paper already inside each pill! Perfect gift idea!
I've used Dr. B. Dental Solutions Ultrasonic Cleaner every night since I got it. I love it.
Makes it so much easier to get around when using a walker
Wow!!! Amazing product.  I make alot of DIY body lotions and products & this cuts right through the residual oils and residue left in my processor😀 I've read other users raving about this..Im so glad I listened!
Did not give me near the relief for my severe RA in my hands that I expected.  My situation may just be too severe..nice fragrance & went on nicely
My big butt is happy I bought this, your will be too. I noticed a difference the first time I used it. I work from home at the computer. Intensively at the computer. I already have an ergonomic expensive office chair that is rated for 8+ hours a day. This really made a fantastic addition. It is expensive but it is well worth it. I plan to buy another for my car.
Second time purchased, i love the taste and made my day, helping me to stay hydrated all day, i will buy it again
Good quality
A little pricey but really like it
great deal,fast delivery,good quality product
I am THRILLED with the results I have had with the Jigsaw Health-Magnesium wSRT. Not only has it lowered my BP by 40 points, it has brought my sugar level down to normal levels. My doctor said that if the reading continue like this, she is taking me off my RXx!
I bought a different type of silicone temple tips to begin with, the kind that are long and tubular. They did not work for me. They caught in my hair, messing it up, but also did not keep my glasses from shifting. These, on the other hand, are great!  Easy to slide on, and once you place the tips on to begin with and put your glasses on, then you can slide the tips backward until the fit it just right. They are so comfortable you'll forget you're wearing them. AND--your glasses stay put.
So I originally gave these earplugs a 1 star review. I had used them as directed and they didn’t stay in at all. Then, some time later, I couldn’t find the ones I had been using instead (another brand.) so I looked at the Quies earplugs again and decided to try to make them work.I took one earplug, divided it into half, kneaded. Each half to soften them up, and pressed them over my ear canals.They actually work better this way than the other brand, as when split in half the wax core is exposed. The cotton holds them in my ears better, as they wick the moisture from my ears. (The other brand doesn’t.) I’ve been using these ever since and will reorder when needed.
There are videos on the web that show how to use this product. The instructions included are not in English. I found there were two problems. The piece is bent nearly in half when received, (not straight like the picture shows)and resists straightening. The easy fix: hold it under hot water and reshape it into a straighter, more pliable form. The 2nd problem: the looped ends would not hold together. They kept slipping open. The looped ends are too smooth. So,I very carefully roughened up the inside surfaces of the loops using a pair of scissors. I did not snip at it; I cut shallow gouges into the surface, like serrations, so the looped ends wouldn't just slide open. Then I set about practicing pulling my ponytail through the center of the bun hair tool as shown in the instructional video I found on the web; I pulled the tool nearly to the end of the ponytail, then rolled it upward, like a huge curler. You loop the ends together when you reach your head. The tool stays together forming a circle; you move your hair around to cover the exposed parts of the tool--no big problem there. I have very heavy, thick, wavy  curly hair, so I wet my hair before using the tool to make the bun. Just practice. Don't give up--for the money it's a wonderful thing. When searching for the video, just use the name of the product as your search words.
Much to my shock (and, thanks to my sister for championing this product) and delighted surprise, this is the FIRST protein shake that I can actually say I truly like and enjoy drinking.  I admit I do use milk in the mix (but I didn't even try water) and it's a pleasure to drink, a five-star yum!
Strong motor easy to use
Very relaxing, love there stuff.always the best supplements at the best price. The real deal. No sugar and fillers. Buy
This is the first time that I can honestly say I couldn't wait to write a review because I am so pleased.  I ordered these for my boyfriend who has an average build but is 6'5" and needed something to keep his medication on for psoriasis while he sleeps.  The gloves at all the drug stores in our area said large but actually seemed like they were a child large.  I read many reviews hoping to find something like these gloves.  THESE GLOVES ARE AWESOME!  They stretched perfectly and were very comfortable to wear all night. Although they were snug to put on the first time, he said the ointment did not get wiped off of the tips of his fingers and knuckles where he needed it.  I will definitely be ordering another pair.  He is so happy to have a product that is actually able to give him some relief.  I can't thank you enough!
.... but they fit well in a car cup holder, and since I"m only using these in the car, I don't care that it's a couple of notches above fine sandpaper.  Worth it to have something handy, and not have a full-sized box flying around the car.
I'm doing a 14 day "test" to adjust insulin doses, as I wait for my own Freestyle Libre to arrive (got approval paperwork last week).  I am always skeptical of adhesives (either allergic, or they fall off).  While the adhesive seems good, I wanted a 'bump guard' type of thing, and this is very handy. I don't feel it 'squeezing' my arm, and it hasn't moved, and stays right over the adhesive, leaving the sensor open so the reader has no problem working with it.  I'm glad I ordered a second green one, and just sent for 2 pink ones.
They have some good options, but for a fast lunch when not so hungry, these are very tasty, with no chalky protein taste.
Very little scent.
Tastes like soap.  New formula is way inferior to the old ones.  Also, 'best by' date was less than a month from purchase.
Best natural 0-calorie sweetener out there imho.  Absolutely no aftertaste, and tastes just like regular sugar.  It can be cooked with, but if the item is something like a jam, best to add at the end of cooking.  With baking, you're supposed to add 14 more- but I like it a bit less sweet, so just add the amount in the recipe.  Perfect for adding to dry cereal.
I like the deep design of the bucket which helps avoid those messy spills.  The price is also reasonable and delivery is fast.
Awesome toilet paper! I love Charmin big rolls like this. They last a while in the household.
Very nice bibs. Highly recommend! My niece loves pink so these are great for her. She’s 7. So it will keep her from messing up her clothes.
Omg...it's awesome!I can see it as I massage my clients.
I LOVE this stuff!  I'm trying to drink more water every day, and one dropper of this peach extract in my water makes it not only palatable, but quite tasty!  It has a very "peachy" flavor.
I'VE BEEN THROUGH SEVERAL NEBULIZERS NOW. THIS IS THE BEST, SO FAR...COMPLETELY SILENT, WORKS GREAT...I LOVE IT...
Both of us are taking it everyday, this is a wonderful product.  No Fishy taste, has a slight lemon flavor. We will order again. Speedy delivery
I thought it worked well in the beginning but later it failed to help with the leg cramps.
Wanted something that would hold large gauze sponges...  these work.
velcro is very itchy and irritating for clients...buy the drawstring type sooo much better - JMT Beauty Soft Black French Terrycloth Spa Wrap w Drawstring & Stopper
Bought this for my husband. Not very palatable and ended up throwing away. If it doesn't taste good, it's not going to be used, no matter how good it might be for you.
Best bug repellent, and has a sunscreen built in!  I wear this when doing yard work in north Texas.  Keeps away every bug imaginable, and they all live in my yard. :)  No bites when I wear it, and no sunburn.  Plus it smells great!
I have always loved this product.  Unfortunately, none of the stores I visit sell it anymore.  So I was more than happy when I discovered it on Amazon.  Works great!  The shipping was not as great.  Although the boxed product was unopened, it had spilled all over my other products in the box.  Maybe it could be shipped in a plastic bag of some sort to protect other items and not cause loss of powder.  However, I would buy it again because it works great on stains.
I love this soaker so much that I purchased more for family members!
Love these!  They work so well and are faster at warming up than I thought.  The only problem I have is the zippers unzip easily, exposing the warming sheet.  Sometimes, if I leave the slippers out and people walk over them and hit the chord, the warming sheet comes out of the slipper complety.  It's an easy fix though -- just link a small zip-tie to each zipper on each slipper (hey, I made a rhyme!) and the warming sheet won't come out!
Super cute packaging and they smell and taste great!
Get the same results buying the ones in Target.I would not purchase these.
A very good tape. I have had no issues with its being thin, colours are lovely, works very well and a little easier to get the backing off and to trim than other brands I've tried. Good price, too.
After seeing this oil suggested to remove scars, acne, fine lines and wrinkles on pinterest I decided to by some and give it a try for myself and it actually met up to my expectations.  My skin has not looked better in years.
just the right length.  Very sturdy.  I am happy
If you're using them fast it is great but mine got dry within a couple days
Thanks better than expected. Color is beautifu, works great and would buy more. Really makes build outs easy. Thanks 🔧
My wife's old scrubber had worn out.  She loves these and said, "My feet say thank you."
Larry uses this every night before bed. It says it keeps his feet from burning so he can sleep. Thanks
I used these to block out my loud roommate when I was trying to sleep- works great! They are a bit difficult to wash but overall very handy. I would purchase these again!
Love it! Holds a ton of pennies! May not be the most ideal if you plan on taking it with you as you travel (it is quite large). But it displays beautifully at home!
Too small for my husband’s head. But nice.
Bought many for friends.Unobtrusive but great reminder.Putting it in a drawer when you don’t need it, it lasts! Won’t just keep going off - since there isn’t an off button this is a huge plus!
I love this stuff!  I have avian mites in my home from my sister's bird visits.  I always itch after he leaves, especially around the ankles.  I for this into a 2 oz. spray bottle and spray it wherever I have bites.  They instantly stops the itch.  I also dip a q-tip into the bottle and apply to any bumps I get on my face.  The next morning, the bump is gone!  About to order 2 more bottles to keep on hand.
Really surprised how bad this product is all around considering it’s billed as the latest thing in teeth whitening. Hard to get the swabs out then handle is too shout for effective use. Worse yet it stings on the gums after the first use & makes teeth hurt even when not using-particularly when brushing. In addition it will not work on a synthetic tooth. I have one in front that was shattered in an accuse& replaced & is darker than my natural teeth. This made things worse by slightly lightening the other teeth but not the dark one! Wish I could get my money back-what a waste.,
Product was not what was expected
This is one time I should have paid attention to other buyers reviews.  This is very unstable and words don't begin to describe how hard it was to put together.  Sadly, since this was made in China the cost was too high because we all know that the product cost very little for the company to have made and the markup to the consumer is a sin.
beautiful pendulum and received close to pictured
Attachments stopped working g after one use
Wow so cheaply made and small, it will not trim your cat or dog it does not work on either I tried all it does is pull a few hairs out.
This set was adorable and perfect on my sister in law! The jeweled safety pin for the sash was just the sprinkle on top. So cute :)
Perfect size. Works to relax muscles
Able to relieve lower lumbar discomfort while sitting in office chair.
So the pump did not come with the package.  Personally I don't care because I have other ways to inflate the bowl.  But because people that may not have that ability this really pisses me off.  Very unfortunate because the device does work if you can inflate it.  Fyi, my husband is disabled and bedridden.  I am 15 years younger than him so I worked thru this issue.  But if you don't have that ability don't buy this item.
Easy to use and can also serve as a back scratcher!
So much more comfortable than the elastic bands that hurt my ears after a lwhile
Very thin ...does not feel the same as brand name
Love this tool. It works great abs my feet look amazing and feel amazing. I will be purchasing another one when this one is done. ☺️
These are great, incredibly sturdy, easy to clean and use. The thickness of them makes them easier for me to use rather than a flimsy little emery board. Unless I somehow drop both of them down a well simultaneously I imagine they’ll last me for ages.
I mean how could you not?  It will startle the neighborhood children just fine since my cauldron only seems to intrigue them.
Not great, the 6 &#34;file&#34; strips hardly felt ant different from each other and weren't that strong at all. I'm lucky enough to have strong and healthy nails and they actually dented the file strips. The polish and shine strip worked ok which is what gave it the 3 stars for me.
I use this to sit on in the car. It is hard so after a while it starts to hurt.
For the money it’s really worth it plus more. I’ve not had any issues with it and I’ve had it for a year. It helps so much.
I'm very satisfied by this charger and I greatly appreciate the built in safeguards it deploys. I was able to quickly weed out useless old Ni-MH and Ni-CD rechargeable batteries I have and refresh the good ones. The charge, discharge feature is phenomenal and has rejuvenated countless batteries I tossed in the drawer. It works flawlessly. I like the sleek look and I do believe I will buy another for my office at work. I highly recommend this charger.
Not sure yet because I just put them on.
Great for rolling  toes that point  and blister.  Separates the toes eliminating  pain when running  and walking. Really  helps the ball of the foot and decreases  callus
Excellent product for the price.  Even gave some away to fellow traveler during recent cruise.
I am giving this three stars only because I love the colors and the variety of them. I really needed the piece on the back of the heel because the shoes fit me a tad big. But unfortanely I followed the steps on how to apply the cushion and it didn’t last at all. It came right off and keep rolling under my heel. Very umcomfortable. They were working just fine when I tried it on and left it but when it was time to wear it for longer period it did not work as I expected. I tried the beige cushion that goes behind the heel with a nude heel you couldn’t see the cushion which was good.
These hanging witch were a fun addition to the house. My wife picked up this one because it was so ugly, it was cute. She has a habit of doing that lately.These witches are pretty well made. Burlap makes the dress, hat. The hair feels like paint brush bristles, but it works. The face's are well painted and there is a decent amount of detail in the face, hands and feet. It's all tied together with a bit of twine and there you go. Sit it on a broom with a welcome board attached like swing and there you have it.I thought they were so great, I bought her two more she's hung in our room. They are have slightly  differentshades of burlap to separate one from the other. But they made her smile and that's what I was going for. I definitely recommend this for the it's so ugly, it's cute person in your life. Enjoy
I'm an adult and I use baby lotion (as recommended by my doctor) for myself because of how incredibly sensitive and incredibly dry my skin is. In my quest to find a lotion that does not make my skin hurt.... this almost worked? My skin reacted to it minimally but this stuff isn't hydrating at all! When you put it on, it feels pretty good! But a half-hour later my skin feels just as dry as before! I do however use the Sweet Apple body wash and that has been a game-changer! Best body wash I've ever used! But the lotion is a miss for me
This stuff is not easy to apply on. The directions said to &#34;cake&#34; the pads but I really couldn't apply a decent amount unless I use the cap to scrape the wax off and apply it with my finger. This thing is rock solid.. I'm not going to risk bendingbreaking the nose pad.Another issue I had is it comes off. I made sure to wash the area so that it's oil free, but it comes off and I usually can't tell until I check the mirror. Seeing a chunk of wax on my nose is gross.
Perfect. I have been using it for the last 6 months and works as advertised.
I collect rubber ducks. A good friend jokingly suggested I get this.Pros:1. It's a duck!Cons:1. It's NOT waterproof. The compartment for the batteries is not sealable entirely, so word of caution if you want to go &#34;Ahoy!&#34; in a tub with it.2. The vibration frequency is NOT the best for this sort of toy. Yes it might get the job done, but honestly for the price, get a waterpoof pocket vibe. (Like a WeVibe)3. It's REALLY hard plastic. It claims to be body-safe, but honestly the plastic on this thing is VERY sturdy.So if you want a cute collectible that might start some interesting guest-visit conversations. Get it. If you want AN ACTUAL vibrating bath-toy, look else where.
When your Physical Therapist only gives you one “sleeve” per week, this product is well worth the money so you can change your sleeve whenever you want to. You can also snip a MUCH smaller hole for your thumb so it stays on and lasts longer.  After surgery on each thumb, I needed to be in a brace for several months; I love that I can make them the length I want.  You CAN wash them, but they come out all raveled…just cut yourself a new sleeve.
Works as intended, but may have a tendency to shift after closing, causing the case to close at an angle.
I love the scent, very light.  Best product I have found for cleaning my face!!
I bought one of these at the Home Goods store a few years ago; when I returned this year to get another they didn't have them.  It is the nicest iron rest ever.  I really love it.  I've been sewing for years and when you sew you must press you fabric and your project all the time.  I don't care for the flat silicone mats because I feel like they don't let any hot air out between the iron and mat.  This mat has an air space between the iron and mat which is nice!
This is a great product. Very versatile. It’s wonderful for independent use especially as a woman but it’s also great to use as a couple and I’m sure a male could have a lot of fun with it alone too. Material is a good smooth silicon texture and the remote is a hard plastic. Highly recommend.
I bought it for my sister and she says she loves it. It is her relieving moment after work.
Didn’t cancel much noise and were uncomfortable when side sleeping. The stems seem too long.
It says its not waterproof, but I use this in the shower all the time and it still works great! I have seen my acne significantly decrease since using this brush. I love love love it! And the price is just the icing on the cake!!
Easy to put on and pulls you how you need to stand.
I got this for my daughter (several, actually) and she really, really likes it--it's well made and funky to boot.However---she complained that it doesn't hold super, or extra super tampons, which is a problem for her.
The mats are very easy to use, they fit together and separate with ease.  The thickness is great, my pins do not poke through.  They also allow for very fast drying time. Overall, these are excellent.
I don't mind taking these, they taste good and easy to get your fiber
Works really good and worth buying
I'm hoping that this works. I'm more comfortable holding the phone and tablet and put one on my loved one's phone also. I don't have as much noise in my ears so I think it works.thinking about getting more.
These are certainly small and lightweight, but if you are traveling to a location with complimentary shampoo I recommend just using the shampoo to wash your clothes. Most plain shampoos work very well as a laundry soap, but I'm not sure about the type with conditioner.  I had some pretty dirty hiking clothes and the shampoo seemed to get them cleaner than this soap.
These are kind of fun.  I’ve bought the pumpkin spice scent before and I love the scent. My husband , however, did nothing but MOAN...The sound made him crazy and he thought the SMELL was beyond awful!  Oh well ... I loved it so I ordered a new one !  Ha haI put it where I could still smell it and thought I could outsmart the boy ... didn’t work.  He hates these things.  He found it and removed the battery, how FUNNY is that!!!!!Anyway, I give up it’s not worth the war! HaTry these ... your husband may react in a more positive manner!!! 🙄
I was expecting this tower to be a bit smaller. It’s suprisingly heavy and substantial. I’m impressed. The quality is quite good. It’s definitely authentic selenite as well.
Effective!
I haven’t used it that long but the ingredients and strength were what I desired
bought this for the wife, one of several over the last year.  She loves it! Amazon has the best selection.
Great taste and value. I highly recommend these to keep whole family’s immune system strong during these uncertain times
These packages are the greatest for my bedroom...Awesome!
Works better than any other motion sickness medication. Always take on cruises.
These scalp massagers are amazing for deshedding short hair dogs. We use them for our French Bulldogs.
I love this!! Previously I was using s tennis ball. This is a lot easier. I'd pay more for slightly higher qualify. However, it still works well.
My two cats often get runny eyesallergycold side effects. This helps tremendously.
I purchased the &#34;Got Milk&#34; straws on sale for 1.796pk at Target, and my kids loved them. I wasnt going to Target for a few weeks, so I decided to purchase these since it is a mix of flavors.  My kids so far have enjoyed them.  They are a bit more expensive, but the container is very nice, and the lid snaps on so they are not in a ziploc bag or just laying on a pantry shelf.  I think it was worth the purchase for the container alone!  They look just like the &#34;GOT MILK&#34; straws, but that is nowhere on the package.  This definitely is a mix, it is not a single flavor, which is nice and exciting for the kids.
Steps are clearly numbered and stated on the items so there is no confusion or mistakes. Best I have owned
My little guy can sit up in the tub now while I bathe him.  This item is like a third hand from time to time.
Works great, seems sturdy, love the bristle cover.
Doesn't appear to make any improvements to discs
I've tried and tried and tried, but I cannot get an accurate weight on this scale. it's not even consistently off. I'll get on, and it will say 145, step off, step back on and it says 152. Get off and get back on again, and it says 143. It seems closer at lower weights, but still off.  Do NOT buy this. It's worse than NO scale.
Accurate description  - Prompt delivery as specified holiday product but no limited to one season
Super cute. Great as party favors for our daughter's birthday party.
Worked great
Just as described!
I had this type of arch support in mind that would fit the shape of your foot's arch vs. some arbitrary shape--this is it!  The best I've had after over a year at trying several different options.  Now if they could incorporate this shape in a complete foot bed....
This diaper is very soft and well made. The velcro holds up thru washing and stays in place. It's 100% cotton and perfect for a short diaper free time to relieve a red bottom. However, it leaked through after baby peed once, so it's for extremely short use. I hope they make more absorbent ones because it is really soft and easy to put on and take off.
I was told this IS the only product to use on my fabric to protect it. I followed the directions and so far...all is still clean!
9 of mine were Christmas rolls....and 4 of those rolls were duplicates. :
It's easy to swallow and it helps with my migraines
I used this ice pack for my back and leg pain due to an accident. It's easy and manageable because it's not hard when it gets cold. I loved the extra strap to use around my waist. I did pin the extra strap to the bag that holds the ice pack so it won't keep moving when I'm laying down.
I received my foot detox pads today and I am not happy - it is advertised that there are 20 foot pads, but only 10 came in the box. I looked for instructions to see if I was supposed to cut them in half or something - nothing. I want a refund for false advertising and I have pictures to prove I was jipped out of half of the pads. See in the pictures, 20 is advertised but if you can see the packaging well enough to count, you can see there are only 10 in the box
Really great but the sand timer takes a long time to go down, like 3+ minutes.
I have been using it since tuesday & it is thursday and I have already noticed my teeth are whiter . I’m impressed .
They're OK. I probably won't be buying anymore. They slide around and do not stay in place. Many many times I had to adjust the cloth in my underwear... so for heavy days these would be a disaster as the mess would slide all around too. The stains came out with washing, though I did have to scrub and scrub right away.
This is a great set comes with plenty of sticks, but I also use this for at home waxing.
Love my go to gentle but cleans
too tight
Tried it on a window and a wreath and it is a yucky mess!  Never dried.  Stayed wet.
Works good my legs are so soft after I use this
It arrived crushed. The plastic slider is broken. The box is falling apart.
Noticing less odors in closet
An awesome product. This helped with itchy back due to insect bites and stress induced allergic skin rashes {due to the loss of a family member}. I brought this because I needed an aloe spray product from a respectable company like Johnson & Johnson. Also, I brought this since there are days in which I don't see my man but need aloe lotionaloe oil applied on my back so I don't go crazy with itchy sensations. This mist did the trick and smells lightly too. It does spray about so one has to be careful with this. It is easy to hold and spray though compare to other mists I've used to relieve my itchy back. I guess Johnson & Johnson were sensitive towards customers with smaller hands with arthritis or children who want to be grownups and have their own spray mist. Anyways I highly recommend this for dry, itchy skin and especially relieve insect bites and stress induced rashes. Great spray for those hard to reach places. I feel so much better.
Works Great
Perfect for my grandson’s 1st Birthday!
Pros: Bright colors, super soft, decent quality and price, absorbentCons: has a smell when you open the package but it goes away, the bath mat and toilet cover are a good size but the toilet mat is ridiculously laughably small. Like...at least your feet can fit on it.
I purchased these toothbrush holders to add to shoeboxes for Operation Christmas Child. The holders are sturdy and much cheaper since I bought them in bulk.
I and my hubby love this double head electric massager!  We owned a single head one years ago and loved it, so when I saw this one, I figured hey, twice the massage in less time. We've used it a few times now and no issues thus far. Wish the cord was a bit longer when we are trying to stretch it across the bed. Length is fine for a chair massage.
This took awhile to arrive but that was expected since it was being shipped overseas. I was having trouble with my little finger catching (think it's called trigger finger). Surgery recommended for nervetendon tightness. After telling my chiropractor, he had something similar to this (but 100s more) and rubbedscraped it along the the side of my hand & just under the finger. After only a few visits the finger &#34;caught&#34; less & less. So much for the surgery!! I use this tool whenever I feel the finger even threatening to catch. My massage therapist uses something like this but it's made of obsidian...which is sold on Amazon but cost is just a little more & think it may come in a multi-pack. This one is just right for my needs.
This has been doing a great job at keeping my toilets clean. My only complaint is that it has a bromine smell to it which reminds me of a public restroom at a swimming pool. Not a bad smell but definitely noticeable. The time savings is worth it to me. Nothing an air freshener can’t mask anyway.
This is really great stuff.  I use to wash my light colored clothes, including the kids sneakers.  They all come out like new.  I'm now ordering my second box and may as well make it monthly...no, it took me a few months to use the entire box.
My Grandmother swears this works. She gets terrible charlie horses. This is probably the 9 bottle I have bought for her over the years. Very little smell even with the strong ingredients.
It's good in theory, but hanging the arms is kind of inconvenient, and the rotating shiatsu balls hurt in certain positions, especially when they hit my spine. It hurt enough that I returned it.
Did absolutely nothing for me.  Wouldn't stay on my foot.  Returned.
I've bought a lot of supplements and usually, you can't tell if its working or doing you any good.  This is not one of those supplements!!! It helps you completely empty your bowels.  I was amazed as I've struggled with IBS for 20 years and this was the one supplement that really helped me....sadly its been out of stock for a long time 😢 and I broke down and ordered the same supplement from a different company and it was a total waste of money.  It just can't compare to this brand....please bring it back soon 🙏
It didn't smell hardly at all, no expiration date, just smelled and felt a bit... stale. Really been disappointed in Starwest lately. My 5th bag of bad herbs is where I draw the line. I'll be buying from MRH mostly & on Amazon only Frontier. Too bad bc they have a nice selection.
this is so cute travel sized yet it gets the job done! it comes with its own insulated pouch and a gift box. great gift idea
I was leery about buying this only because I’ve been drinking plain celery juice for over a year now, but this taste amazing! It’s surprisingly sweet, easy to mix with no gritty taste. Im hoping the benefits are just as good or better than plain celery powder.  I’m a fan & will purchase more. Fast shipping too! Thank you.
I got these to use in my son's diapers overnight since he was no longer waking up in the night, and sleeping on his belly which caused leaks daily! (6 months old) I tried the overnight diapers and still got leaks! I purchased these and added one to his overnight diaper and finally!! No more leaks!!
Seem to have a little more energy. Feel a little better. Maintain weight through Christmas.
Easier to put on. Once on your feet get so hot I couldn't tolerate then and had to take them off a couple hours after putting them on
Works very well and much cheaper than alternative
We liked it was easy to scrape the plates off
We just moved to a condo next to a construction site, and this is a must for helping our baby nap during the day.
I had a two pack a while ago from this brand which they now have discontinued. These are a great buy and work just as well as authentic parts from spectra, motif and Ameda. I have no complaints what so ever.
As expected. They perform well. I have no complaints. They do say to sterilize before use. I got my normal span of use with them before needing a change. Will repurchase.
Motif Medical: Motif TwistThe twist is a small, lightweight very portable breast pump. It comes with a 24mm one piece breast flange with a comfort cushion. It can be battery operated with four AA batteries. It is rather cute in appearance to me and it comes with a one year warranty. Replacement parts can be hard to get if one is attempting to order direct however aeroflowbreastpumps.com carries Motif Medical replacement parts. The pump comes with no accessories. If you need a tote and cooler you’ll have to purchase your own. Warranty on the pump is one year from date of purchase or received through insurance.What’s included…♦ 4 Valves and membranes,♦ 2 Wide neck bottles (ML volume only) with nipples and hard plastic sealing disc♦ 2 One piece flanges with comfort cushions & caps (Flanges included is the standard 24mm only)♦ 1 AC Power Adapter♦ 2 Sets of tubingPROS…♦ Twist is a closed pump, meaning there is a barrier usually a diaphragm that prevents milk and condensation from entering the tubing♦ Small and lightweight which makes for high portability. It’s far lighter than my Avent double electric comfort pump and that too is far lighter than other double electric pumps.♦ Parts is interchangeable with the Motif Curve♦ Flanges is rather light in comparison to other full one piece bodies♦ Comfort cushion makes for one of the most comfortable pumping experiences♦ Twist has two phase expression. When the pump is turned on it starts in the let-down phase where it replicates the faster suckling a baby would do to get milk flowing. Turning the dial up enters the expression phase. When expressing I noted that higher suction has a longer pull on the nipple.♦ With some hacks flangesflange bodies can be used from other closed pumps♦ Other bottles than can be pumped into is Avent classicnatural and Dr. Browns wide neck bottle (This is only if using motif flanges)♦ Twist is a double electric pump allowing mom to express from both breast at the same timeCONS…♦ Pump is loud. It’s comparable to Avent Double Electric Comfort Pump in terms of loudness.♦ Motif only carries a 24mm flange and a 28mm flange.♦ Parts is hard to get. At this time what I noted is only Aeroflowbreastpumps.com carrying all of Motif replacement parts.♦ One must use Motif brand valves and membranes or duckbill valves. The flange opening where the valve would go is far smaller than Medela so trying to use Medela valvemembranes or third party ones from Nene SupplyMayomom will not work with the Motif Twist flanges.♦ Tubing is double ended which forces a lactating mom to use Motif parts. ( I did a hack and cut one of the ends off allowing for me to use flangeflange bodies from other companies. I also noted that the tubing is rather soft and has some stretch to it, allowing for me to remove the excess plastic from the end for use with Spectra tubing. Thus far I was able to use my Avent comfort flanges and my Medela personal fit connectors with Pumpin’Pals flanges with the Motif Twist. &#60; Most commercial, single user breast pumps use vacuum technology so flanges can be used interchangeably between brands.&#62;)♦ ( This is a personal con which may not be across the board for all moms.) Vaccum sucks the nipple and areola in well and creates good suction. I noted this phenomenon between three different company flanges where removing the flange from the breast is a bit of a task and has sort of a pop like noise from the release. I don’t have this feeling when using electric breast pumps from other companies.♦ Motif Medical only has Monday through Friday customer service from 8am-5pm EST.Update 172018I called Motif’s customer service asking about replacement parts and a larger flange size. Please understand that cutting the tubing to use different company flanges can and will void out your warranty. Parts is covered for 3m and motor is one year according to the warranty. I was informed that a 32mm flange is in the works and should be available soon this year. I was sent two 28mm flanges and extra valvemembranes. Although I have been using size 30mm flanges for most of my pumping career, I recently changed out to size 28mm to note that I am able to express well with the size. 30mm may be more comfortable for me to use with no chances of my nipple hitting the back of the flanges.Motif has an interesting flange for size 28mm. The body and flange is separate from each other. The diaphragms, I noted is bigger than what is included with the 24mm flange. It’s a small pot and is far deeper than the 24mm ones. 24mm Flange has a shallow pot diaphragm.  The flange is also shaped like a pot. It covers all of my areola and is quite comfortable. It’s far more comfortable than Medela in my opinion. I also decided to change valves from the two piece valvemembrane thing most companies put out. I switched to a third party duckbill valve from NeneSupply also sold on Amazon and noted that it fits onto the flanges and work well. The valvemembrane combination doesn’t offer good suction thus I need a higher vacuum to express with. Maymom another third party after market retailer also sold on Amazon carries a thread changer which also works well with Motif flanges. With the thread changer I was able to express into Medela and Ameda narrow neck bottles just fine. The thread changer only works properly with duckbill valves that aren’t Avent. ( Avent style valves one cannot express with using the thread. ) Thread also works well with the two piece valvemembrane combination.Overall, I would recommend the Twist. It’s a high quality pump and I personally respond to it well. Flanges are quite comfortable to use and the pump is extremely light weight. The pump is rather loud but it’s no louder than other pumps close to its size. Replacement parts may be hard to obtain but Aeroflow carries them as well as a call to customer service one can get them. Third party duckbill valves work with motif flanges and the 28mm flanges is easy to clean.Update 372018I recently went looking for replacement parts only to note that 1. Motif updated their website to include a parts store 2. The 28mm flange was updated. 32 is still not available, neither is a full flange size 21mm or 19mm. Currently the insert for the 24mm flange reduces the flange down to a 21mm. There is an insert for the 28mm flange however I was informed via customer service that it's only for added comfort and it doesn't change the flange size.The 28mm flange is now a single, one piece body, with a shallow pot diaphragm. It was changed as I was told the old version was more expensive to produce than the current model. The new 28mm flange has a very similar appearance to the 24mm flange included with the pump. I have yet to receive and use the new model but I shall soon and update this review again.Update 3272018I recently called Motif customer service. As my pump is still under warranty for parts I inquired about the 28mm flanges. I was sent another set of flanges though with shipping one of my flanges arrived broken.  It's no big deal as the original set I was sent is still functioning just fine. Motif has not changed their 28mm flanges. It's still a two piece item with a larger pot diaphragm.  The parts store shows a replacement diaphragm being the same size as it is for the 24mm flange. From what I am seeing via photos and what originally came with my pump the 24mm flange body has a  shallower pot for the diaphragm. Parts store claims the flanges both 24mm and 28mm use the same size diaphragm but such is not the case as one is far bigger than the other. There is still no other flange size out side of 24mm and 28mm. 28mm Flange now has an insert I have not used nor ordered as the flange is very comfortable to use.Still I would recommend the pump for mamas who use the available flange sizes. It's still a high quality pump and I believe it performs far better than my Spectra s2 and my Medela pisa ( pump in style advance.) Customer service is good and Motif makes quality breast pumps.Update 09122018I recently noted that Motif Medical has taken to offering their replacement parts and flanges on Amazon. We can not order breast flange kits with valvesmembranes and tubing included. Breast flange inserts, replacement valvesmembranes, diaphragms, extra flanges and so on is now sold on here making it convenient to get parts.My pump now being 8m old is currently in the process of being replaced. After doing routine maintenance of replacing tubing, duckbills ( I don't respond well to the valvemembrane combo so I don't use them ) and diaphragms monthly, I noted that my pump is no longer able to provide me with adequate suction even when increasing the suction on the pump. With daily use of three plus times a day it is past it's prime. As with other pumps I've replaced in the past, the old motor will be sent back in exchange for  the new motor. I never used the pump as a double as for me I noted that it doesn't perform well as such. I always used my pump as a single and on AC power, never battery. Using any pump as a double kills the vacuum strength thus motor is worked harder and mom would need to use higher suction overall. I would still recommend this pump for moms on the go now that parts is easier to get and the fact the pump is reasonably priced even when it's on sale.
Gimmick product. Save your money. Get a classic eyelash curler instead, it will do much more!
Great product, thickens very nicely.  Smells like the beach at first, but once in your recipe you won't notice it.
Nice quality oil with a good scent to it.  And it's CLEAN.  Will definitely purchase again.
Excellent quality good amount great price fast shipping , definitely buy again. Thank you
We love this detergent! It’s perfect for our babies sensitive skin and leaves little to no scent. I love that I’m able to order it and have it delivered to the front door so I don’t have to leave the house. It came with some tape on the top so there was no spill!
My daughter got alot of UTIs until we found this stuff! When you're on swim team or teach swimming---this is great to have!
Love it! It's very attractive and fits well! Don't know about the magnetic therapy part yet--so i can't say about that part of it.
Excellent product! Mixes beautifully well with water, making it easy for on-the-go portability. I have also blended it with fresh strawberries, as well as fresh blackberries, for a twist on lemonade. This will be a regular item. Tastes great, especially when it is hot outside. Would highly recommend it!!!
This product is great to put on every so often to try and prevent diaper rash. I like this product, too, as the smaller size is perfect for the diaper bag. I recommend! Only have 2 pictured but it came with 3. And don't get confused, it is a smaller tube but as I mentioned, perfect for travel!
Works great, it’s safe, smells pleasant
These were surprisingly great quality and easy to put together! They scratched off perfectly and were a lot of fun for the guest at our bridal shower.
I have not had them long enough to tell since I don't have shoes I need to use them.
Scratchy top-stitching along edges!  We have to cover the pad with a double-folded Queen-sized sheet to make a smooth surface for our little girl to sleep on.  It does the job of protecting the mattress from moisture.  She seems to be staying dry at night, otherwise I would return this.
I buy these monthly and I have no complaints.  I don't mind the boost of energy these give you.  The only thing missing is Iron which I don't think is ever contained in a daily vitamin anyway.
Not long enough.
We have used this for all three of our children from birth to when they get out of diapers.. it’s so gentle, easy to apply and works fast!
These little cord locks make all the difference in mask fitting and comfort.  I use a tiny crochet hook to slip them on to the cord.  I make masks and people like this option on them.
I'm buying 2 more pair now so I have a pair for each day of heavymedium flow.  At first they felt bulky like a diaper but after 1 wash and wear they move well and fit nicely. Awesome back up! Way better than any pad. Catchesholds quite a bit!
Great for hard candy
Works well!
I really liked this product; it works well and noticed my teeth getting whiter within days. Other whitening strips made my teeth sensitive while using it, but this one I had no issues with. I will definitely recommend and purchase this item again.
Middle age causes thinning hair and so does a thyroid problem. I've used a hair regrowth shampoo for 4 years, but it hasn't helped my lashes and eyebrows. This will be an internally ingested product to give me the thickness I miss in those areas. It doesn't have a lot of calories and hasn't made me grow a mustache! I got it at a reduced rate to review it and I know it won't change the color of my eyes the way some of the site-applied products will.
This came right away, so no problems with the seller. I take lots of vitamins, but fear glaucoma since it's in the family, along with diabetes. The Vision Health supplement is a great way to prevent problems as well as to keep the ones that are present from getting worse. I got it free as a reviewer, and intend to use all of it. It seems as though it's beneficial, so I'll likely be buying it when the free supply is gone.
This is awesome! Great value. Why pay more? I do wish it could run on batteries. However I love that it has a car adapter. I wish the house cord was slightly longer.
Might as well put this on subscription. Use this all the time for camping and beach. I don’t smell horrible and it makes my skin feel great.
I have worn these for years, and am finally taking the time to write a review. My podiatrist recommended them as a first step in treating a nasty case of plantar fasciitis that I acquired from running around barefoot for a production. I also work as a nurse, and am on my feet for 12 hours, walking an average of 10,000 steps or more at work. These were a miracle. It took time for the plantar fasciitis to heal, but these accelerated that process. If I wear shoes without them, or run around the house too long barefoot, it tries to flare again. If I behave myself and wear these in my shoes, I am completely pain free.  I've learned my lesson the hard way:-)
Easy to understand, communication from the company throughout the whole process.
Johnson & Johnson always deliver quality while knock off breads don’t. The swab never falls off the stick like they do with other brands. Every time I don’t buy J&J I’m disappointed, every time I do, I’m satisfied.
Putting these in mason jars and drink lids with drink packets and other goodies for my co-workers as a farewell gift.Love anything that isn't plastic. Hopefully my colleagues will like 'em too.
These worked well. They are thin and I stretched it too much, making the plastic wavy. Otherwise, it’s a great product.
These make great gifts for the jewelry lover who loves to travel.
Due to spending most of my time in either high heels or steel-toed work boots, I have inflammation in the nerves between my toes due to them always being squished together. These are great for fixing that. They are pretty uncomfortable at first and can only be worn for a short time, but it gets easier and easier. Before These, I could only put the incline on the treadmill up to 1.5 before the electric shooting feeling in my feet was unbearable, but after I wear these every time I am home and barefoot,  I can now crank it up as high as I want and I am not bothered. If you have the electric shooting pain between your toes due to cramped shoes or high heels, order some of these.
Daughter purchased...loves it
Yes it's a little pricey, but it smells great.  I think it cleans well and I love that there is also stain spray and sticks as well as softener!
Just what I desired! Great smell!
Decent quality but I'll stick with huggies wipes.
I have used this every day for the last 5 months and I love it!  I have a SUV and it still fills the air with the wonderful scent of my essential oils!
Does the job accordingly
I will be buying these again!  They are a wonderful price, came quickly and don't expire until 2017!
No instructions. I have no clue what those handle things are for. However I did use The stickies to keep the balloons holding together and the long ballon holder.
The bags hold scraps of food well, but they are a bit thin. They are also smaller than I expected. I can't fit them around the top edge of the trash bin that pulls out from one of my kitchen cupboards. However, I really like the biodegradable factor and I am figuring out ways to use them anyway.
Honestly idk what I’m doing wrong. But once I put it in. It just stays in place with no effort on my part. No matter which one or two I use. So didn’t work for me.
REVISED REVIEW-These pads are great for like two weeks, and quickly get too softget a line in them to rip your lashes out or stick to them in my case (see photo).  For this reason, they should be cheaper. The pads that came with my lash curler lasted me months in comparison.--------------------I bought a Kevin Aucoin eyelash curler and fell in love, however what I didn't fall in love with was the price tag every time I ran out of curler pads! The replacement pads for that curler, I don't even think they make, and I wasn't ready to shell out another $25 for a new curler and two pads. Then I came across this listing and all was right in the world! These fit my curler PERFECTLY and do a great job curling, just as well as my Kevin Aucoin pads did.  Definitely recommend these and I'll be purchasing again when I run out!(photo is my before and after lashes)
Sticks to glass ok, but needs to be adjusted every few days.
Amazing support! Love that they are adjustable
Wouldn't wear it
The product works well but both items have an expiration date that is too close for it to be so $$. The bottles were sealed but still leaked and were less than halfway full. It was hard to show in the picture that they weren’t full bc of the bottle colors.
Worked a couple of times, then stopped.  Put new batteries in; again, worked a couple of times and then stopped.  Repeat.  Gave up.  Returned.
Is a zero rating possible. This egg is horrible. First off it sounds like a smoke detected siren. Second it is jerry rigged inside and hot glued together. Good luck hiding something inside it and it being food safe. Also my visually impaired daughter is down right scared by this egg. Will not recommend and would recommend the talking egg or chirping eggs from other sellers on Amazon instead. and the price is OUTRAGEOUS
this fits really well. the quality is pretty good
Works just fine for me. Clear instructions, plenty of refills, comes with several preset so you don't have to immediately place the filters in the frames.
I also pack a couple of these aluminum bottles in my bag during a long dirtbike practice session.  Not only have I noticed I am nowhere near as sore the next day, but as the previous reviewer stated, it keeps your body going much better than Gatorade.  Unlike Muscle Milk, it does not leave your mouth with that "chalky" aftertaste for a while.  I really hope the company is successful with this brand because it is one of the best protein drinks I have ever had.  Way to go Attitude Drinks!
So glad I bought this.  We make our own bubble solution and it is so much cheaper than even the dollar store version.  The homemade stuff even works a lot better.  This stuff is great for bubbles.  I also found a recipe for bubble bath that I am going to try.  I would recommend this because it was a great price and it works well.
I love this, my son is autistic and so it is a great sensory bath toy for him, he loves to hold it and feel it, its really flexible as well and he likes when I rub his back with it, a great buy!
Amazing, I simply love this mask. I went out looking for alternatives to treat my migraines, my fibro group suggested a migraine mask. I went on searching and can across this mask. I've used it about 15 plus times already within two weeks and honestly it helps me sleep and also helps with my migraine. Yes the print side where the words are, is definitely colder.Suggestion:  Grab 2, I should've done that from the beginning like the other reviewers siad, because now I have to wait for the next one to arrive. Thanks for the company that made this, it's a life saver.
Why not eat the super fruit itself
Not close to fitting or being secure.Everything wobbled and fell off tray.Not a good option.
This is my 2nd and last purchase of this brand. These do help with blue light blocking but within a week 1 pair lost a nose protector and another pair chipped at the bottom with normal wear.  These replaced the previous set I had for 6 months but the lenses were starting to lose the tint.
I bought these socks as gifts for nurses' day. They were awesome!
Our 18 pound dog took about 15 minutes to destroy this.
This was not a satisfactory substitute for the Pilates &#34;half barrel&#34;, so I sent it back.
Easy to use and cooks vegetables perfectly!
This was my first experience with anything like this so take my review with a grain of salt.  I hated it.  It was scary and sharp and felt like it was dragging my skin. I think I'm too overly sensitive for something like this.  Just not for me.  It is well built and very heavy so I believe it's good quality,  just not something I'm into :)
I use this with Aussie’s detangling milk and it makes my curls well formed and defined and it is touchable.
My wife ordered these. She’s throwing a baby shower for her sister so she’s gluing them to toothpicks for...I’m not really sure why. For cupcakes maybe? Her sister is doing a girly “woodland animal” theme for the nursery. The main animal is a pink owl.I’ll admit, they’re pretty cute. Don’t tell people I said pink owls are cute or they’ll pull my man card.
Love these to clean my mat with and to spray for odor. Mine didn’t come with 6 towels, but I contacted a rep, and she replied and personally mailed me the 6 replacement towels.
Works well!
Been using this since our baby was a newborn. Although I know this company was under some scrutiny a while ago, I still think this is a great product. We haven't really had much diaper rashes, but when we did, this took care of it. It's a thicker consistently when the tube is new, but over time, it can become more liquid-y, especially in warmer temperatures and it turns to like an oil, so best to keep in a cooler place. Also, sometimes when the tube gets really old and low, there are some grainy things. I'm not sure if that's because the product has dried out a bit. Overall, I think this is a good diaper rash ointment or preventative ointment. It also goes on clear so you baby's butt isn't covered in like white.
This is a FANTASTIC set of blends for essential oil newbies. I have been dabbling in essential oils for aromatherapy, application, and cleaning purposes for a almost a year now and I've been pleasantly surprised with how much I like them. I'm a big fan of diffusing them to help with &quot;ailments&quot; and I think this set of blends is an amazing deal for a great set.What I like:1) This includes all of the most common oil blends that you can make if you have all of the individual oils. Stress Relief, Sleepytime, Headache remedy, breathe better, health shield (immune booster), and muscle relief. There are lots of mixtures you can do depending on the issue you are addressing, but these have been the most common (other than muscle relief) that we have used in our house.2) The sizes of the bottles are great. Its more than enough to last you a while, as you only need a few drops in your diffuser.3) They are already pre-mixed in the correct amounts. No guesswork, no worrying if you have enough of one oil or not enough of another, and you can always add a couple more drops of whatever you want to make this more customizable ( if you want to add slightly more eucalyptus or peppermint to the diffuser when you use &quot;Breathe,&quot; for instance)4) Dark amber glass bottles and heavy duty caps to keep the oils safe.5) Comes in a really nice box, so this would be perfect to give as a gift.What I don't like:I honestly haven't come across anything yet. All of the ones I've tried have been helpful and they smell exactly like the blends I had been doing.Overall, I'm glad I gave this set a try and I will definitely be buying my mother a set since shes just starting out with essential oils. I think this set is super convenient and well priced for what you get. I'm very happy with it!**I did receive this item for free for the purpose of testing and reviewing it, but my cost has no bearing on how I rate a product.**
Solves a common problem! Almost everyone who has ever used an Ace bandage for more than a day or two has lost some, if not all, the clips. And dropping a clip onto a hard floor and accidently stepping on it renders it useless. So what do you do when you need to use that Ace bandage, but have too few or worse yet, no clips at all? I've tried using safety pins as an alternative when I have no clips, but found that is really not a good solution, as it does not hold the end of the bandage evenly. This Pack of 50 clips will last a long time and I'm glad that it's a pack of 50, as they are not really durable, so they have to be replaced fairly often, like 3-4 days. But they are a much better alternative than to safety pins and certainly buying another expensive Ace Bandage.. They also come in handy to use on a really wide Ace Bandage, as the number of clips supplied by Ace seems inadequate. I'm glad I bought them!
Impressed that it actually works and relieves my pain.
My usually very happy 1 year old had a fever and HATED our old thermometer (used in the armpit).The pediatrician told me that at this age, she should use the ear thermometer for the best accuracy, so we got this one. It's SO easy to use, I wonder why we ever used anything else! The doctor said to pull on her outer ear a bit and point toward her cheekbone (angled towards the front, and slightly up).  Not only was the reading accurate, but it was so fast that I didn't have to worry about my daughter getting squirmy at all.Bonus is that my Trekkie husband calls it a phaser, and he and my daughter have a lot of fun using it.
I am a nursing student and purchased this Hemostat for my uniform. I have yet to use it but everyone compliments the cool black color. It is actually very good quality and would recommend to others!
Just as described. Works great.
The little plastic piece that helps attach it to the underwear broke off. But we have been able to make it work with something shoved in there. Other than that it works well.
These stain removers have been a lifesaver!  We keep one in our daughter's room and one downstairs where we spend most of our time. Just spritz the stain and wash whenever you have enough for a load and the stain comes right out!
It works well, but the fragrance is still a little strong for me.  It does fade and is not as bad as other bug repellents that I can't use because of that.  I don't even have to go outside.  These mosquitoes just seem to find me at home.  Thank goodness we are having cooler weather in California.  I know they will be back but I am prepared for them now.  The nice thing about this is it is also a moisturizer and blends in well.
Love this item
Love! I'm a sucker for samples, and this had several items I have never even heard if, let alone tried! Super excited to try it all out!
best stuff every! only product that has worked on my kids!
Waste of money, cause suffocation, unable to sleep more over doesn't serve the purpose at all.
I’ve used quite a few keto supplements and this one is NASTY. I could hardly even get it down. Didn’t bother drinking another one. It’s really bad. And didn’t get the energy the same as the PTK’s. Disappointed
barley any power... didnt last long
Great for icing my knee after ACL reconstruction. Lighter than the Chatanooga.
I have been wanting to try the charcoal teeth whitener, and this did not disappoint!  It is a little messy, so take care when opening the jar and dipping your toothbrush.  I suggest using this in the shower.  It isn't flavored, so there isn't really a taste with it.  I noticed a huge difference in how white my teeth were the first time I used it.  I feel like the results are similar to using Crest Whitestrips, without taking as long as long and without having sensitive teeth afterward.  I would highly suggest this for someone looking to whiten their teeth with minimal time and effort.
This stuff is not real Norwex and is a horrible product --and it actually costs MORE than real Norwex.
I bought this version specifically for the travel cases and they did not come with the order. I should have returned it.
I would've  given  this product a 5 star rating if two of the outside bristles hadn't broken off after the first use and two of the little rubber tips hadn't fallen off after the second use.But other than the faulty issues, it works great! My hair is really thick, coarse and curly but it still works like a dream! The only issue for me is getting my hair to stay straight near the ends, it tends to frizz up really bad.  But when I am totally finished my hair feels amazing, and it doesn't leave my hair flat and stiff like a board like my expensive flat iron($175) used to. My hair feels bouncy, weightless,  very silky and smooth (except for the ends, I have to go over with a curling iron after I am totally done to get my ends straight ) (even with hair serum and anti frizz ointment being applied on my hair before the brushing begins, my hair turns out amazing!).  I do recommend sectioning the hair first and going over each section at least twice for super curly hair.
I bought this for my daughter. She has autism and is very sensitive to loud sounds. She has trouble dealing with the fire drills at school, so the ability to have ear plugs on her at all times is important to lessening her anxiety. She was able to attach the clip easily on her belt loop. The ear plugs are easy for her to put in and take out. The biggest issue has been with the lid on the container. It takes her a bit to open and she sometimes needs help putting it back on correctly as it must be lined up just right to screw on correctly. With practice it may get easier though.
These held up pretty well for the money spent. My daughter who is autistic is obsessed with balloons and these are her current favorite! Will be purchasing again!
Neat concept, but the design still needs work. When working properly it is convenient to have the capability to store snacks in one side or water and a preintraworkout. It is, however, not without flaw.Leaking: I have one of the older versions of this shaker and noted leaking as a main issue. This was supposed to have been one of the areas of improvement on newer models, but it's still not perfect yet.Durability: 1 drop from no more than 2 feet rendered the shaker useless
You get what you pay for. These are cheap watch pins. The stem that fits into the watch case is too short to effectively hold the band on for very long. The first pin I installed on my watch fell out in one day. The double shoulder helps with the installation process. I did receive the installation tool with the kit. Two stars because they work if only for a short time. I am now sopping for a set of pins that have longer stems that will provide a more secure fit.
This really helped to get the treatment pin pointed.
It was good for a week and rthen it broke. My son plays soccer and has longer hair. He needed something to keep his hair out of his face and decided on these. He is 11 and they did fit well. The bad part was they started tearing after a week of use. We did try  and they worked much better. They are thicker and made from stretchable fabric. We like these much better.
This higher dose will provide me with twice as much Omega 3 than my previously used brand. I am glad I was able to find this extra strength supplement. I'm looking forward to seeing how this extra strength dosage will affect me. Highly recommended.
Camphor spirits! The price and effectiveness of this product!! There's nothing I don't like about it!!
I use Ciba Clear Care to clean my contact lenses every night. These are perfect when I travel!
Mounting bracket would not tighten because the material is too weak.  I bent the bracket to fit tighter, but it just bent back when tightening.  I finally screwed the bracket to the column by drilling and tapping.Hooks for the basket were too tight to install it.  had to be re-shaped to be functional.
Cons:  Adjusting screw is between the jaws, and interferes with picking up large items, like paper towel rolls.  Also very heavy for my wife.Pros:  Very sturdy.The suction cups seem like a waste.  Better without them.
My white vehicle had road tar in several areas- this product was great. Removed all the tar after consistent pressure with a microfiber towel. Highly recommended.
Seems to do a good job stopping the itch without a horrid smell
It is not a powerful pump but it does swirl things around nice.I use it to loosen up my leg muscles before i work out.Put it on bully setting and a little body wash in the water turns into a bubble bath with 4 inches of suds..I had 2 of these woeking one time in the same tub and it felt pretty close to a real hottub circulation.
The bed came damaged  :(  dent in the bench frame, scratches on glass and frame, hingebracket bent. I have to return it and order a new one.  Now i have to wait another two weeks for a new one. I hope it is not damaged.
Etekcity digital body weight scale is a good product.
I wear these overnight with some foot cream and they do an amazing job of softening rough heels.
Potent as it says it is... I love this product the energy is great and I needed this!
I love this scale very much. it syncs right away with my phone and fitbit app. The only funny thing is i have to weigh 3 times to get a very accurate reading. Well worth it to me. My daughter uses it also and I love how you can choose the initials of the person so it syncs to the right person. I love it... The batteries that came with it had a very short shelf life so be prepared to replace them right away. the new batteries are going strong. I also noticed it doesn't like really cold floors. not sure why, but that is what it seems like to me.
Just what I was looking for to take grout haze off of stone tiles.  Would have taken me days to do it by hand instead of hours with these.
I waited 6 months to post my review because I wanted to use this iron long enough. I am a seamster . I use my iron every day. I have had many irons in my 75 years of life. Listen to me and DO NOT BUY THIS IRON. It does not steam but it POURS the water in one part of your fabric while other parts are dry. This iron has not been made for even, nice, steam. Something is wrong. I use only distilled water. Dont pay even 10 Dollars for this iron.
Excellent product for neck pain
These masks are soft and comfortable to wear, but I wear eyeglasses and these masks do nothing to prevent fogging when you are wearing the mask. Although the fabric is 2 ply, your breath freely passes through the fabric and causes instant eyeglass fogging whenever the temperatures are cool. Since I live in Minnesota, cold temperatures are a constant issue. Very disappointed. I expected more from this purchase
Great replacement heads and great price.
A great product at a great price. Delivery was the very next day, I couldn't believe it.
This is the nicest sleep mask that I have ever purchased.  It is very soft and comfortable.  I love the single wider and adjustable band.  It is larger and covers my eyes entirely.  I love and recommend it to anyone needing a A+ sleep mask.
These are really good probiotics. My GF has problems with acid-reflux and I suggested this to her. She felt improvement the first day! She had tried one other of my probiotics which I've reviewed (discounted purchase) and didn't like the other brand (made her feel constipated) but she is a convert to the Power Pearls. She forgot to take them for 2 days and her reflux symptoms returned.Best of the 3 we've tried, and easy to swallow.
I was looking forward to getting this product for review-- I received a discount-- because I've had tinnitus for nearly 25 years. Because I've lived with it for so long, I'm not surprised that this supplement wasn't effective in my case. In fact, I would've been shocked if it had been!I will continue talking these and I will update my review if I notice a difference.
Not very easy to position the clippers against the nail and get a good vantage point.  At least for me.  I don't have any dexterity issues.  I see how this product could be good for others, but just not working for me.  The sides of my nails end up being a little longer than I'd prefer.
It works well for vaping
This works great when I need  only a few pills with me and,  I dropped my keys in a water puddle and the pills didn't get wet at all
Excellent value, low cost, works great.I'm a large person and it covers me perfectly.Very soft, warm and easy to use, no problem with wires getting tangled or feeling hard, uncomfortable while wearing.Can pull down lower to cover top of legs or put all of it on legs for a nice, warm blanketHighly recommend.
Can still trash downstairs fighting and screaming at their kids.
Great Fit, Great Feel !!!
I've tried a couple other generic brand and this one out last the others.  The quality is not great but acceptable for the price.
Very soft
This is something my husband takes with his vitamin regiment.  He likes the taste.
I've used it twice on wet feet and it works perfectly at getting dead skin off and smoothing .
Bought this electrolyte mix to use during a hike in Maine called the 100 mile wilderness. This is the last 100 miles of the AT. The recommended usage is 1 Packet per 16 oz of water but since the mix sweetness and flavor are very strong I ended up using one packet per 64 oz of water (2 Liters). This worked well because the continuous non-stop effort necessary to lug a 41lb pack up and down mountains for 8-10 hours per day requires constant intake of electrolytes. You can't just drink 16 ounces before starting and be good to go all day. You can sweat almost a liter of water per hour when its over 70 degrees and your exertion is high. Along with that sweat goes your electrolytes.Sodium (0.9 gramliter)Potassium (0.2 gl)Calcium (0.015 gl)Magnesium (0.0013 gl)I have depleted my electrolytes many times during training and on a long hike. It's not fun when your muscles no longer relax or begin to contract all by themselves. It can become very dangerous in fact.During my 100 mile hike on the AT this mix when combined with a tad bit more sodium from Himalayan Sea Salt worked well. I felt muscle fatigue but no cramping the whole time. The reason I added sodium is because this mix doesn't have enough. 90mg per packet of Sodium is just too little of an amount and this would make you rely on salty snacks to replenish what you lose in sweat. Despite that I chose this mix based on a ketogenic diet youtube influencer review. Despite the fact that Glucose can help you absorb electrolytes better I wanted to try this no sugar alternative.My take is this:Next time I will use a mix with real sugar in it rather than something with an alternative sweetener. The stevia  monk fruit combo in this mix was good but a bit too sweet for me and may have attributed to some digestive issues  along with the high potassium content when used in a stronger concentration.The last day on my hike was over 20 miles and it was non stop go go go. I decided to mix one packet per 32oz (1 Liter) for a stronger electrolyte compound as I was losing lots of water through sweat. After ingesting two liters over a 4 hours period, each with a full packet, my digestive system went full steam ahead and this was not good. The rest of my night was all about the bathroom!
Been diagnosed with GastritisColitis, and use for those issues. WOW! I'm impressed, every day I'm a little less severe. They had me on Famotidine for over a year and this did more for me than that in 1 week. Note: I take 5 pellets!
If you are considering this to take orally for hair growth--I'd reconsider.According to the Progressive Health website, it is a diuretic, and like other diuretics flushes potassium out of your body, and can cause dehydration.  Potassium is required for normal heart function and people on long term diuretics for high blood pressure have to have the electrolytes (minerals) in their blood monitored regularly; they often require potassium supplementation.  Imbalance of electrolytes is a serious side effect.&#34;Horsetail supplements should not be used for prolonged periods. This is because it is an irritant which can have adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract and also because it inhibits the absorption of Vitamin B1.  To prevent Vitamin B1 deficiency, it is advised that people using horsetail should also take multivitamins or Vitamin B complex supplements.&#34;  Progressive Health article on horsetail for hair loss.You can read about more side effects, but for me, I'm trying to hydrate--not dehydrate. I'm trying to get vitamins in my body, not get rid of them.Silica in horsetail is reputed to be the agent that helps against hair loss.  Diatomaceous earth is 85% silica and contains trace minerals (lacking in our modern food supply).  And it is much cheaper and has added health benefits (kills parasites).I wish I had read this before purchase.  I like Bulk Supplements Co. and I use their products, but for my use--this is not worth the side effects.
It is extremely soothing. From bites to poison rashes. I remember this being in my parents bath cabinet when I was growing up but I had never used it. I have no idea what they used it for but now it is my favorite awill be a staple in my house.
As expected . ..good quality  bandaids
Not bad for the price except that the flip up head hinge broke off after a few months.
I like the original formula. What else can I say?  Why mess with a good thing?
Great product and fast delivery
My husband was experiencing what his doctor thought and what I suspected was beginning stage dementia. One example: At a buffet restaurant he'd forget where we were sitting and go sit at another table by himself. I was desperate to find something to help him because he refused to see a specialist. Then I read about lion's mane's reputed help with memory loss, and I looked for a high-potency product on Amazon. I chose Relentless Improvement brand because it has no fillers and seems to have the greatest bang for the buck. After 2 12 months of continued use (2-3 capsules daily), I can't believe the change. He seems just like his old self again, and I'm no longer worried he'll pull out into on-coming traffic while driving. It's like a gift from heaven.
Use it daily! No issues and it's been over a month.
I've used this product for different purposes. Dying my hair, cleaning, shopping.
Worked as described
Changed my life in a very positive way.
Perfect oil for dry skin.  doesn't get oily!
Its a stupid product. The video is fake and totally not true. Waste of money. I could go to the shop and buy a 8 dollar shiner to shine my table. This was a total waste. U do not recommend it.
I like it! Despite some reviews I have decided to buy and it worked great. I used in couple of projects (once as an additive to epoxy glue) and it is brighter and longer than a lot of medium and higher class watch hands.
Don't understand the hype. Didn't moisturize my lips at all. Threw it away
I bought this spray to try in my husband's work boots. The scent is a little strong but it seems to do the trick. I just spray the inside of his boots after work and generally the next day, his feet don't smell. The smell could be a little overwhelming for those sensitive to scents.
Super comfortable. Makes traveling long distances in the vehicle much less painful for my hips and sacroiliac joints. I love it. My husband tried the cushion and enjoyed it so much that he wanted one. Now he loves his, too.
much smaller than I expected, and not very soft at all.
I have a significant problem with arthritis (thanks Mom!), and I needed a good sized heating pad for my knees. After mumtiple surgeries on my knees, shoulder, elbow, and thumb joints, I go through a lot of cold and heat product, and I’ve used this one every day for two months without a problem. Some of the electric heat pads I’ve purchased died within 90 days.I don’t rate products easily, and I save 5 Stars for truly outstanding purchaeee. This was a solid 4.
Not the beat quality. They were different sizes and thickness
Made my economy flight a lot more bearable. Great piece!
Mixed with coconut oil to use for arthritis in my knees.  I haven't had it long enough to see how effecntive it is.
Always helpful
Does a good job----once you can get it to work. I was excited to get this item but it is very difficult to get the battery cover on.  It does not screw on as one might expect, you must have to fit tiny little groove into slots inside the unit.  I had to remove the casing in order to get them in.  If this were not an issue, I would give this a 5-star grade.
Really? Are they kidding us? Okay, I had to admit that I got taken by the commercial. I never get taken (well, hardly ever Captain Corcoran liked to say) by these things. But I also have lots of &quot;scuff marks&quot; around the house, on walls, doors, railings, etc., plus oven gunk that needs to be cleaned off. It's that second part that really made me try this, since it talked about how great this works on stove tops and ovens. Yeah, right. The &quot;eraser&quot; is a flimsy sponge-like material, that does nothing. And unlike even the cheapest sponge, it does not hold up to even the most gentle rubbing on any surface. You are supposed to wet it, and then rub it on the stain, or dirt, or gunk. However, if you try that, even on a slick wall, it falls apart in your hands. It's like trying to clean your car's exterior with Kleenex! And even if you can rub it over a surface, gently, and keep it in one piece... it has absolutely no ability to clean! None! You would do better to spit on your fingers and rub them on the surface. And at least your fingers don't disintegrate, and you don't have to feel really stupid to have fallen for this con by &quot;Mr. Clean&quot; and thrown money down the drain. By the way, never let this go down the drain... since it clogs it! I used to love the Mr. Clean commercials as a little boy, and had a neighbor who looked just like the bold mascot... so when I'd go to the supermarket with my Mom, I always told her she should buy dome... but my Mom always laughed and told me that the product itself was totally useless. Yes, everyone... always listen to your mother. Stay away from this money wasting useless crap!
Does the job, but the caps on the large bottles don't always go on correctly---they don't seem to line up right and have sipped off when I didn't triple-check to make sure it had latched.  This doesn't to be a problem with the smaller ones, so I guess it was something off-specification in the manufacturing of the larger ones.
Better choices out there. Blade isn't steel, starting to rust after a while. No power to cut dense beards.
Easy set up.  Works great!
These are my favorite whitening strips!!! I have purchased them twice now. I love how gentle they are because my teeth are a little sensitive, and I cannot handle the products that come with LED lights or professional whitening done by a dentist. I have also tried charcoal whitening products, and I found them to be too abrasive. Other brands of whitening strips, such as Crest, I have found too harsh. Mr. Bright strips can be left on for 10-30 minutes, and you can use them occasionally for a "touch-up" or consecutively for the full 14 days. I had to write a review for this product because I recommend it to everyone. Do not expect dramatic results because they are gentle and an OTC item, but they are definitely worth it. I think the results are noticeable, and they last for a few months. I tend to use these a week before a special event or if I just feel like my teeth are looking dull.
the sponge heads at the store have a hole in the middle they all leak like crazy these do not leak they last about a month I use them all the time so that my be why they only last a month but I love them and will be buying them again!!
I will pass this on to my friends and family.
Wonderfully odoriferous. Good value, timely shipping!
These barely fit my ear. Way too small. For the same price you can get a few dozen disposable ones that fit into the shape of your ear canal - those seem like lower risk than this (and I ended up getting those too). Wouldn't recommend these as a one size fits all. Which it seems like is their approach.
If you are looking for something to help with your sitting comfort, this Wondergel will help. This is my second purchase, I bought one for my wife and I. Very please with the purchase.
I used these in a pair of "Uggs by Quoddy" moccasins.  4 stars only because there's no adhesive material included here (best bet is to use some rubber cement).  Otherwise, quality replacement insoles that will make your Uggs feel like new again.
Works great, cheaper than Walmart
Too hot. And being tied to the USB... Insane.
Good for Four or Five Cigars or 2 with a lighter
They last longer them most cr123 batteries.
These are as advertised and do a great job. They do grip better than usual holders. DO NOT wash with linty towels or you will get linted holders--I'm still not really happy with Mr. for that one!
Big screen to read, we like it.
A little expensive. But very good
Exceeded my expectations. I bought this for camping and travel. We were able to put three large duffle bags, air mattresses, blankets and sleeping bags in it.  Everything stayed dry. That left room for camping supplies in my Toyota Highlander and five passengers. I used ratchet tie downs in addition to the ties included ( put a rag under each ratchet to insure no rubbing).  I also put tarps in the bottom of my hitch haul to insure that the hitch haul bolts did not wear holes in the bag.  Worked perfectly.
Bought this for my dad. He says it easy to use
We love these fruit chews, they are the BEST!!
Simply did nothing for me!!
All the containers kept opening & meds fell out....took a long time to resort. I quit using it because no matter how tight they appeared closed...medicine still fell out. Great concept..poor product
Thank you
This is a great product ! Very powerful , please follow the mixing and use instructions .
That is so weak and feel unsafe
I am THE happiest camper with this flat iron!  Keep it in the console of my SUV.  Worth every penny.  Pick this one to buy.  Others failed me.
Cheaper than the tool truck, and same great fit
I Love my little witch.she is perfect
This spray works great on shoes that have “that wanky smell” to them.  I sprayed some Sketchers ankle boots that have had that smell since the day I bought them a year ago.  It was frustrating that new boots came with that smell, but they were comfortable so I tolerated them. So I sprayed just 2 pumps into each boot and let them sit overnight.  First off, the minty smell of the spray was very nice, secondly, in the morning the boots did not have that wanky smell anymore, thirdly the minty scent lingered in the boots, and 3 days later the boots had no wanky smell and no minty smell.Amazing.  It has been a couple weeks now, and I have worn the boots 6 times.  That wonky smell never returned - it it wonderful.  This spray is fantastic!
I had a brick hearth under an old wood burner, removed the wood burner and installed a propane stove, several bricks and the mortar in some areas were a mess, I liked the old brick but had to do a bunch of repairs then grind off the excess mortar and some high spots in the brick. The result was some brick looked brand new, some mortar was pale and newly ground down the whole thing looked really rough, I used less than 13 of the bottle applied with a cheap paint brush, it now looks like the whole thing was nicely done 25 or more years ago. I can't believe how well this stuff works. The real test of its look is, Momma loves it!
My Air filter systems UV light system burned out...bought this, and plugged in right next to my air filter.  Working Great!
Its working great I see a difference in my skin and feel a difference in my joints thanks a lot
Hard to reach the tightening straps
Recently someone sprayed our small office with a couple of squirts of the Glade ICY Evergreen Forest . It felt like Christmas. I was happy to find this spray available at Amazon. I also purchased the plug-in scent warmers.
Very relaxing scent.  Plant Therapy is a quality brand.
I have fibromyalgia and use this to loosen up my shoulders and relief the pain.  It works very well.  You need a small amount so the tube last longer than you think it would.  The smell is very strong when you put it on (my cat runs from the room) but gets very light quickly.  Just make sure to wash your hands immediately after use.
Thick and comfortable when they come out of the package.  I use mine in a medical boot because it is so hot and the inserts are flat with no cushion (and I doubled up) after 2 days.
I received this 2 weeks ago and it was very good.  I open (and close) it 3 times a day.  The hinge is already noticeably loose.  I don't expect it to last long.
I've had it for just about 2 days (THANK YOU for getting it to me days before the initial delivery date) I like everything about this chair so far, save for 2 items. The beeping every time you press a button. Honestly, it is obnoxious and I'm on the hunt to disable it. The turning radius is much larger than I am used to given I had an Invacare TDX SI, this is just an adjustment I have to make to the chair, so my mild frustration to it is on me.The chair is comfortable, it is quiet, and I like the little storage bag way more than I expected to (after years of just filling my lap). Getting it ready to use was very simple as well.50lbs sounds lighter than it weighs. LOL. It'll be easier to go mobile than my old chair which was around 200lbs but it isn't as mobile as I thought it might be. We will see how it goes.Bottom line is I am happy with my purchase, had to come out of pocket for this because my old chair just decided nope not working anymore so I needed a replacement quickly.
Love it I organize the whole month bought 6 of them:..
Typical bounce sheets, with a factory-generic pleasing semi-masculine scent. Exactly as expected.
Taste went away almost immediately. Everyone I shared it with said the same exact thing. I'm not sure if Stevia Gum can be done, but this product certainly hasn't cracked the code yet.
Works OK. Maybe not as well as a cyptic pencil but also doesn't leave a black mark.
This will definitely cover both upper and bottom denturel, but the container is not leak proof. It's to be used at home and not for storing dentures while traveling unless stationary.
Copaiba oil is a very important component in the care of a family member who has, amongst other health problems, a muscle cramping problem. Post-cramp, a little massage using coconut oil and a few drops of copaiba oil, has proven to be the most effective way to ease sore muscles. We have tried many over-the-counter products but nothing beats copaiba oil and there are no contraindications with the prescription meds.There was a snafu in shipping but the seller made it more than right.
Prefer the egg white protein bars for flavor, but these grass fed bovine bars are not bad at all, considering the phenomenal health benefits
NOPE. Not 1000mAh.Put this in a project that had a 600mAh pack that ran ALL NIGHT. With this pack in the project, I'm lucky to get 6 hours out of it.
Love these ,, the colors are bright like I wanted
The product is exactly as expected but the order did not come with the pump as described.
I always sleep with a mask and I’ve had so many different stylesbrands. This is by far the most comfortable mask I’ve ever used! It’s soft and lightly padded which feels good on my eyes. And it has a little material that blocks out 100% of the light if its adjusted right. The best thing is the little metal buckle to adjust the strap isn’t right behind my ear which most masks it is and it hurts when I sleep on my side- this one is pain free and perfect! I’m tempted to order a couple more as backup for the day when I wear this one out!
This was a waste of money.  I found it ineffective.  If you want to drink a bunch of caffeine and not feel anymore alert than this is for you but I won’t spend my money on it again.
The description says it's chargeable. The box says it's not.
This is my third attempt for a "memory" type product. I did just order a second bottle of Focas. I do seem to be paying more attention to detail of late. Therefore I am hopeful this is the right product for me. Will update if needed. Age..77
I like the glasses when spotting stains, calmer on my eyes.
Good fit.  Decent backing.  Not as plush as some, but nonetheless, a very good liner at a good price.
This is an excellent body exfoliating tool, it replaced my back brush, scrubs, and exfoliating gloves. After the first use my body felt so soft and smooth. My back acne is drying up, and the tiny pimples are going away after using it 5 times. I also got a smoother shave this time without cutting myself.  I also use regular body wash with it and it suds up incredibly. The net sponge dries quickly after using, and moreover it is white so I can wash it with my white towels when needed. I also cut a small piece to gently scrub my face and my face felt great. I think this will last me for years. I will forever buy this stuff.
So gross.  Tastes like cough syrup.  It smelled amazing and I was really looking forward to trying it, but man it is nasty.  Leaves a really bad after taste as well (I think from the sweetener).  My husband who loves all flavors of juice wouldnt even use this product.
I probably won't use these; since they weren't expensive I probably won't return them, but when I used them to block my wife's snoring, unlike my Anker headphones, instead of silence, I could hear my heartbeat and my own breathing so loud, that was as bad as the snoring.  The Anker ANC headphones while uncomfortable to sleep with give me a wonderful pure silence.  I'm going to look for active noise canceling buds instead.
Little pricy but gives me the opportunity to salute the "Queen of Bengazi" every day, thanks!!
This laptop table works great.
Easy to use.  Good quality product.  Thank you.
The consistency is a decent mix of moist and thickchewy, close enough to a real brownie. The taste is unique. It has a fairly distinct sweetness that stands out, and will be a deal killer for some. With low sugar and about double the protein as compared to fats, the macro nutritional count is good. If you are used to sacrificing taste for nutritional value you’ll probably be used to these trade offs; if you are looking for an actual brownie you’ll be disappointed. Personally I’d rate the Eat Me Guilt Free Nutty Monkey brownies as better, if you are looking for a snack that doesn’t disrupt your macros.
my wife loves it, finally a place to put all her oils in and keep them organized
Just what I needed
Works as expected
I had high hopes for this product, but alas I was dissatisfied. I found it necessary to reapply the product every 45-60 minutes. I would not repurchase this product.
I HOPE YOU LIKE THE SENSATION OF ALTOIDS ON YOUR GOOCH I SURE DON'T
I've tried a view. This one tastes good and dissolves more easily than others. I've ordered again already. Many thanks!
Not worth anything, kinda keeps it cleaner but barely, plus makes it even harsher after a few bowls
Great stuff, but too expensive..
Long time getting here! Fits fine in brush handle.
This is the best laundry softener I have ever used. All of their softeners smell amazing.
I like the price! $62...
As many others have said, these are 2 oz cups. They’re also poorly packaged - just shrink wrapped so at least a dozen are crushed or otherwise damaged.Pity because they’re a cute pattern. Might keep, haven’t decided yet.
Not very sticky; they kept falling off. Sent them back.
Really like the double compartments.  I wish it wasn't quite as deep as I cut tiny oblong pills and it's hard to get it situated in the groove with that depth.
Product works great for my hives and anxiety condition that flared up during a case of poison ivy. Helped relieve both of my conditions. I reordered because poison ivy takes 3-4 weeks to resolve. I chose this product instead of steroids and antihistamines.
The photo showed a container with 32 onces of hydrogen peroxide but the description is for half of that.  The price is exorbitant if you only get half of what is shown in the photo.
I paid a hefty price for, what I believed, was a "better" bath brush and it being made in Germany sealed the deal but after a couple of weeks I could see the tacks used to secure the hand strap to the head of the brush were beginning to RUST.  You'd think that a brush costing this much $$$ would use STAINLESS STEEL tacks but NO.  So now I'll need to remove the hand strap and the rusty tacks to avoid further staining.  I wonder how long it will take for the Olive Wood to split in half.  And NOWHERE on this brush is it labeled a Redecker brush so it could have been made ANYWHERE, like China or Vietnam.  Overall???  A complete rip.  Save your $$$ and buy a cheap plastic brush.  Frankly, I'm sick of being ripped off by manufacturers who think we're all uneducated fools.  Really P'd off!!!
Easy to assemble, easy to operate. Gives a great infrared session directly where you need it. Shipped promptly & good price. Would purchase again.
Was glad to see these arrive.These are made well and will be quite useful.The 510 threading goes WAY down through the center - I can't imagine any RDA, RTA, or anything else with a 510 connector being too long to screw down into these threads and bottom out before it meets the base.  Nicely done.The base does not come with any kind of anti-slip material stuck to the bottom, but it is machined out so you can attach one if you are so inclined.  I will measure this machined inset and look around for something close that fits with an adhesive backing, but even without it, it will be very useful for building on or storing an atty while something else gets some mod time.Thank you for making these - they are priced reasonably enough that it will save me the timetrouble of making some myself.  These address a very practical need for any vaper that has a topper with a 510 connection - especially if it's a rebuildable.Definitely recommend!
These work great for cleaning. The thickness is just right and they fit well.The box arrived damaged and isn't particularly durable. This didn't impact the gloves, obviously, but I thought I'd mention it just in case it mattered to anyone.Additionally, when you pull one out of the perforated top, 10 more come out. Not sure if that's normal with boxes of disposable gloves, however.
I always  try to buy this brand of tissue.
Hope it is never used but glad I have it if needed
These aren't returnable so think carefully before you choose to buy them. I bought them to replace an old Ace Bandage but they are so short, slippery, and weak -  I went back to using the old Ace Bandage.  I think I will donate these and then go buy another bandage.  Waste of time and money
Nice product fast shipping great on neck and head , after a year still working well just noisy ..
Tried the detox via the ion foot bath at a friends house. They had a very expensive machine. Being cheap, I looked at various machines and settled on this one. Works like a champ and glad I bought it. Because of the 5 yr warranty and being stateside was the clincher. Have used it many times on a regular basis. 2 days on and one off. Easy instructions, cant go wrong. I threw in ton of salt to see what would happen alarm went off and reset it. Use very little salt. Great product and fast delivery. Worth it.
I should have replaced the blades years ago! They work excellent! I even mowed some of those long gray wild chest hairs, and outside of needing to clean out the shaver head repeatedly, it worked. Changing the cutters is easier than it looks, don't start prying on the little tabs! Just push the cutters down one at a time and slip out. What a deal.
I consume this cod liver for the vitamins A and D, and the omega-3. This batch wasn't as smelly as the first (or I'm getting used to the fishy smell!). I still season the liver with a bit of lemon juice or vinegar to kill the smell even more. Bottom line: nutritious seafood without the bones!
I wasn’t sure I was going to like these glasses. I didn’t notice the bridge was metal but they are VERY comfortable! They have a very slight yellow tint, so slight I didn’t notice it at first. But the tint is very relaxing to my eyes when using my iPad. I highly recommend. They are very sturdy, nicely designed and there is no distortion in the lens and I love the colors. I will definitely be ordering more.
this is the only ones i use for my feet , soft and smooth and gentle for my skin under feet..
I'm not really a fan of this. Some say it works great, I didn't think so. I even tried using it during a hot shower so that my pores would be open. Not really impressed, but I'll try again and if it ends up working better I'll update my review.
I like the small pouch to store these clippers.  These will be so easy to take along on our trips.
Love this mask.  Fits well without any gaps
These make a deep grinding noise, almost as if the mechanics are a bit misaligned.  They work fine however.  That’s all that counts!
Does not work. Almost seemed to attract more cats. I would not recommend buying this.
I was given a second hand wood table with "character marks" like 40 years ago. The marks were not bothersome as it gave character. What I could not stand were the hideous white heat or water rings that were created the last 5 years. I figured this product could not make it uglier and gave it a try after viewing videos and reading other reviews. Applying the product was easy; I went with the grain and wiped it off. The white marks took lite elbow grease and these magically disappeared! Some of the character marks are gone also. Almost looks new. There wasn't much of a smell which I was happy about since I don't have much ventaliation living in an old city apartment with few windows. I am soooo pleased with the product that I might do my desk that I purchased in a second hand shop 40 years ago. For the price, I suggest to try this first before considering going to furniture restorer.
I believe the B-6 vitamins were fairly priced for the quantity. I take them every day to help alleviate the symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. There is science to support the efficacy of B-6 therapy for treating carpal tunnel syndrome
I've been using Cloverine Salve since I was born, well my mom did it for me! 3 generations can't be wrong! 😆 I use it on practically everything except burns until the healing process has started! Get some It's so worth it!
I got these for my wife who said they cut like butter. No jagged edges. They cut smoothly and you barely have to press down on the lever. You’ll never buy the cheapo CVS Walmart ones again.Spending this much on nail clippers? You would be crazy NOT to! I don’t think we got fake ones. This is a high quality machine. I’m already ordering the bigger one
The materials that were used for this one is not a good quality.  The foams tends to crumble.Not easy to use either.
Looks nice and works great on my metal door.
DMSO is good stuff. It helped to defeat carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists, and arthritic shoulders and knees. absolutely amazing.
If you are looking for a securement device for any type of medical tubing situation, port-a-cath, PICC line, central line, urinary catheter, dialysis sets, feeding tubes and for any age category of patient I recommend getting this device first.  This comes from some time of buying device after device for tubing securement with many different types of lines and while some worked for some types of lines but not others or did not work with any, or did not hold well enough or if they held it was because the adhesive was very irritating finding this device was amazing  and I wish I had known about it first as it would have saved weeks of hunting, saved a great deal of money spent on poor devices that did not do what was needed and mad things way more comfortable for the patient and a great deal safer without risk of pulling a line loose.My daughter has both a port-a-cath and a feeding tube, and also has had a PICC line and a central line in months prior,  and one of the greatest difficulties we have had is finding a securement device that works well with for her and will hold some of the tubing and liens she has that are not easy to secure such as her feeding tube.  The ones both supplied by the hospital and by her home health care are probably good for a standard set up with a child's feeding tube, as that is what they usually deal with but, with an adult it did not secure well and while one area would hold well it was too loose or tight in the other.  This device with the separate strips that can be adjusted for the parts it needs to secure is absolutely an amazing answer to what was a very frustrating problem we had.  And because of the fact that it's versatile in how it can hold the tubing andor connector it can be placed in slightly different areas so that its not a constant irritant in one spot.  It was also listed as hypoallergenic and my daughter has many problems with adhesives and allergies to them,  and this one hasn't caused any problems even after 24 hours of use.  And given the prices we have paid for various securement devices that did not work anywhere near as well the price point was excellent.I really appreciated the seller was detailed in showing how their device worked in on their sale page and the different options for different types of tubing.  Since it is not irritating her as other devices have, and her port securement device does, we will also be switching to use this device for her porta-a-cath.  Obviously this will be something I will be re-buying on a regular basis.  I was very happy to have finally found this listed, as well as the images demonstrating how it worked when search Amazon for a solution.  I really cannot stress to a parent or caregiver how this really should be the first device you try because it's so versatile and you have so many ways of configuring it to work well, even if you later settle on a device made specifically for the tubing you have, using this device first is really going to show you what configuration you need in a device to hold tubes properlyThe seller shipped it quickly and promptly and it actually arrived well before the date stated it would arrive when I ordered.
Cheaply made. Sticker on lid popped off almost immediately. Returned as not as expected and very flimsy.
I have never liked sponges until now. Magic Eraser does a better job on my washable wallpaper than terry. It did not scratch or cloud up my chrome fixtures when I removed hard water deposits, and I didn't even have to use vinegar. After testing a spot, I cleaned my stainless steel sink. I'm looking forward to wiping my showertub without cleaning product fumes. I won't use the sponge everywhere for everything, but for those 4 chores, it's a winner.
Nice, easy to use.
I am in lust with the pumpkin balm, it is not overly sweet smellingtasting.  the candy cane balm is yummy as well.  I have a bad habit of picking at my lips and these balms have put an end to it.  my lips have never been so smooth!
I'll first begin by saying that probably a good thing I didn't like this product, therefore it didn't end up using it. I say this because, I would have ended up scarring the heck out of my face had I used it even once.Here's what I did like about this product:***The case, the case was truly beautiful. It was as if it were from I don't know the 40s or the 50s when they used to make things really well. And a truly was beautiful.***The price point, for around $8 I thought that there was a lot within the set as far as various implements. So therefore I thought insofar as money wise you got good bang for your buck as a consumer.Here is what I did not like about this set:***Extraordinarily, extremely, and exceptionally dangerous. When I'm telling you these things are surgically Sharp.. I'm telling you these tools are surgically Sharp.  You could so easily hurt yourself and certainly scar your skin using any of these tools and I would not recommend it for the removal of blackheads or relief of pimples.  No one, perhaps not even a trained professional could wield these tools in the safe manner.***Lastly, one of the implements that I managed to pull out of course I stabbed myself in the process but that's beside the point the head of this tool fell off immediately when I pulled it out. I looked everywhere on the floor for it couldn't find out where fell to this day haven't found it cuz I thought to myself maybe I'd glue it back. But even still, a brand new item should not be falling off like that regardless if if you're easily able to glue it back on or not. So that's why I say that it has the illusion of being high quality but the reality it really wasn't the highest quality product.I suppose because of the beauty of it, it could be a gift.  But I'm telling you that it is so dangerous that I wouldn't recommend it to anybody and I certainly wouldn't buy it again.
Decent pricing.  The flavor does not count in the review OK...lol.  Shipped within a week of ordering.
Bought these for my husband as certain shoes were rubbing on ankle bone and irritating. Fit him well and cushion stays in place. Easy to hand wash and dries overnight. Good product would buy again.
This is better than I thought very happy with this Xmas item
Very pure
This hot water bottle has thicker walls than most I've owned which is really nice. The texture of one side actually helps keep you from getting too hot and adding the hot water bottle sweater helps even more. If you want moist heat, just add a damp washcloth between the hot water bottle and its sweater. Just remember to empty it after use and do not microwave it.
This beet root powder smells like dirt and the taste is very strong and NOT good.  I’ve tried mixing it with other flavors but haven’t been able to mask the bad flavor!  Further - even though I’ve ingested it anyway - I’ve noticed NO results as far as increased energy or anything else.  Will not purchase this ever again.
I love the Swerve products - both the granular and the powdered worked very well in my Keto recipes, and had no aftertaste at all.  I would have left 5 stars, but the product is quite expensive and it isn't even a full pound of either type of erythritol.  However, I purchased a cheaper kind - and it just wasn't as good.  It didn't dissolve well and left my recipes grainy; and also left a very cooling sensation on the tongue that I did not like at all.  I then tried another product, which was Stevia and Erythritol mix, that said it had no aftertaste - but it did.  I then ordered more Swerve - even though it costs considerably more than the others.
The scissors cut terribly and the razor is difficult to cut exactly how one would like. Very frustrating.
as expected
What I liked:-Easy liquid form to add to teas, smoothies, and other drinks-4,250mg of Elderberry Extract (very potent)-Flavor is tart, but sweet at the same time (tastes great when added to other drinks)What I didn't like:- Bottle has a wide opening so it's easy to pour more than 1 tsp if you're not careful. I place the bottle lid over a teaspoon measuring cup, which is also above my drink. Haven't had any issues or spills.OVERALL: Great product!UPDATE 1 Nov 2021:- Still love this product and I keep purchasing it for the antioxidants, especially during flucovid- To solve the dripping issue, I left the metallic covering on the bottle and used a razor blade to make a small triangle opening. I place my finger over it while shaking the bottle and then I remove my finger to pour it into my teas. No drip, no mess.-Flavor is great!!!
What I liked:-Product has a nice amount (100mg) of COQ10-Plus 100mg of d-alpha-tocopheryl (Vitamin E)-Both ingredients have many health benefitsHaving some heart issues, I take COQ10 every day!
What I liked:-Subtle but very good flavor in water (helps me drink more water since I like the flavor)-High in antioxidants which is a real plus for me at my age (going on 65)-Easy to add to water, smoothies, or other drinksI use it twice and day and really enjoy it. I'm sold on powders since they are so economical.
Didn't work for me, but perhaps it might work for others. I am only able to void my bladder to about the 50% level. After trying the Bladder Void and not experiencing any relief, I reluctantly started taking a prescription drug. I hope this product works for others, but for me, it just didn't help.
These ear plugs are great at keeping out noise but not so great for sleeping. I find them a tad too hard of a plastic to be comfortable in my ears when laying on my sides. I also find my ears itching a lot as well, so I have no idea what sort of material these are made of but for sleeping, no, I would not purchase these again. For outdoor work, yes, they would work just great if they didn’t make your ears itch.
I have carpal tunnel and arthritis in my hands which makes it very difficult to grasp utensils and grip onto things. Eating was a struggle until I purchased this item. I don’t have to grip onto the spoon so tight or twist my wrist to eat any longer. Using my fingers is difficult most days which is why this spoon is a great product for anyone who has problems with their hands. Works fantastic!
Works great
Very easy to attach to glasses. Very comfortable
The easiest opener I have ever used.  It takes much less hand strength than others of its kind.
Very large and bulky.  When you fold it, it is still fairly large and is bulky. I don't see much size advantage in this one over other styles  because of this. The one I received was white, not gray as in the picture.
I have been wearing the posture corrector for a while now and am happy to say it really helps hold my back well.  It keeps you in a position of great posture in a comfortable way.  It is not too restrictive as I worried it might be.  If you have posture or upper back issues I highly recommend this product!
I bought for work to check pull forces on material handling equipment.  Works just as well as the professional ones that cost $1000.  You can't calibrate it, but it gets close enough for what I need it for.  Excellent purchase!
We do a lot of day trips. With a little one that spits up quite a bit, it’s great to have a small portable stain fighting spray for those not so small stains you don’t want to set in! No more worry about “stained” clothes because you couldn’t wash it right away! Travel stain fighter FTW!
I don't know how but it works. I was skeptical but there is no smoke smell. I even took a drag from the cigarette outside of the car and blew it with the smoke buddy in the car. Just to test it out. I'm not sure how long the filter will last but I'll find out
Good quality and large supply!
Very handy for soaking my night guard.
I have never seen it remove a blackhead from my nose or skin, even after I steam my face for 10 minutes. It does remove some sebum but overall not impressed with the product. It also does not hold a charge, which is something that really annoys me. I charged it to full about 2 weeks ago, and pulled it out to use today and it was completely dead. So I had to use it while it was plugged in through a super short charging cable. Disappointed.
We ordered this packet of three and so far, we each like the size and the bottle markings. GOOD PRODUCT
It was a rainy windy day while I was loading my car with groceries from the cart.  The cart took a slow turn and rubbed against the entire length of my passenger side Audi!  There was a black line that stretched from back to front.  With light rubbing, this product removed the marks!  Thank goodness!
Product description was incorrect on size.  Was not even close on fitting!
Basic gait belt for ave sized person.
Bought this in conjunction w the 30% peel. Love it alone. Has made a significant improvement in my skin, just in 1 week. Started it w the peel and used it 2xday as described, but did my second peel 1 week later, as described and the peel actually burned my skin around my nose and mouth. May just stick to this or very short (1-2min), monthly peels in addition to this. Use caution when using this w the peel!Will definitely be adding Prep to my daily routine! Love it!
I am very pleased with the fragrance of this product. The dog crate can get a very musky smell  and this is a godsend. Once daily I spray the crate with this product and wipe it down thoroughly and the musky scent is gone. I use it on the tile floors and rugs in the house as well. It's a great product. As for &#34;keeping a dog away&#34; I can't know for sure about that. I can say they shouldn't return to the spot because of the odor.
I have nothing bad to say about the product. In fact, in my opinion,  this is one of their nicest scents (especially if you're already fond of lavender).  I'm disappointed in myself, however, for not reading carefully and realizing this ridiculously gouged price is for just one bottle.  Won't happen again, that's for sure. ¯_(ツ)_¯
Worked as expected.
Puffs are the best! And the box size is perfect!
I think this is the best cleaner for contacts. Purchased this through Subscribe and Save. I love that I don’t have to haul it from the store.
Hard to lose or misplace--they are hanging around your neck when not in use.  The masks are designed to adjust to your face.  No more ears flapping in the wind.  Wonderful idea.  I won't purchase an imported mask to protect me from a virus that was imported.  I ordered a black and a white mask on a Saturday and received them on Monday morning.
Fantastic-easy to use
This came and I ordered it off experiencing it from a friend's place. It isn't as high as the old seat cushion I used but it's definitely better quality and comfortable cushion. It only has this one issue of a really weird smell. It smelled like it when it came, thought it would go away, and is simply a new product smell but has yet to go away. overall though, good product, do wish it had a thicker variation (maybe it does and I missed it?) however.
This is really good aloe vera gel. It is not greasy, slimy or sticky (at least past orders) like some aloe vera gels. It quickly absorbs. The only thing is they changed formulas or manufactures. I've ordered before and received bottles with a &#34;white cap&#34; (as pictured). Those bottles, the gel is as I described but also had a very nice light fragrance to it. I found that fragrance very pleasant and was as nice as some very expensive perfumes but more delicate and not at all overpowering. Other people liked the fragrance on me, so I thought I found a signature fragrance. Well my last two orders the gel has had black caps and no more fragrance as well as the gel is now a bit more sticky, still not as sticky as most other aloe vera gels but definitely a difference from the white-capped variety of this gel. Some people may not want any fragrance in such products and I'm usually that way as well because most cosmetic fragrances are just too strong and sickly sweet or sour, but that was not the case with this Cadie Product Aloe Vera gel of past. I do wish they hadn't changed it! If it was as it was before I would definitely give it 5 stars, but for the lack of the wonderful fragrance and now the sticky factor, I must give it two star demerits.
Before I ordered I was skeptical because of some of the reviews and pictures showing streaky foundation. I took a chance and ordered it. Before the sponge arrived Sano Naturals sent me an email with a link to a video that explains how to use it. This is by far the best tool I have used to apply my makeup. I am now using less than half the product than I was using with my brushes and foam sponges. And far more hygienic! I simplly rinse with cool water and put back in the little pouch they provide. Using the flat side to pat my foundation on leaves me with a flawless finish with NO steaks or blotches. I use this to blend out my contour, blush, and highlighter also. Thank you Sano!
The screw that holds the carbide tip is already rounded and difficult to unscrew.
The locking mechanism gave way after first trip. Without it, it's just an expensive plastic bag. I will not buy this again.
I developed acid reflux after years of using sinus sprays for allergies.  Which..... you know, that is NOT a good trade off, just saying.. So I tried the OTC acid reflux meds like Prilosec and one that creates a bubble raft ?? so acid stays down?  (last one was gag-worthy)But nothing really helped enough to keep using them.  I got a full coverage mattress wedge and that helped a bit by physically raising my upper body at night.  I started taking probiotics, which also helped.But I started using this Pepzin GI (on a whim more than anything) and this is what works for me. I love this stuff.  I think it took them 2 weeks to get the last order to me, which was not cool since Id run out  and then suffered for a week straight, but I apparently didnt read the delivery info.  Not  their fault, mine.  Just make sure you dont run out before ordering!Im sincerely amazed at how well this controls the acid reflux.
They were melted when I got them.
Needs reheating  Kind of too chewy but delish to keep in emergency
I've used Amino Derm for a long time. It dries to a tight finish that makes my skin look very smooth and clear. It does seem to break down oiliness and help reduce breakouts. I like the herbal smell, but some people might find it unpleasant. This is a great product if you want natural, organic skin care for your oily complexion.
It came broken  defected
These don't appear to be real jade but for the price, they work as I anticipated. Soothing and comforting, moves lymph and gives a temporary plumping appearance, like one would get after a facial or massage.
Remote control worked great
Does its job. Love the blue color around the numbers.  Useful in the dark  overall very neat design and easy to use.  I like how you can switch between kg and lbs with a simple button below. Very nice
We've soldiered through about half a bottle of these horrid vitamins over the course of several months -- taking them only when we're out of our usual vitamins (Flintstones) and I'm now throwing them away. After my kids complained about the after-taste, I tried one and they truly are horrid. Don't waste your money.
The low pressure from this replacement renders  the machine useless.Update: within 3 months of purchasing, the bigger side button sticks, which most certainly renders the machine useless.
A gotta have , don’t wait for plumbing emergencies. Simple little gizmo that works !
This was a total waste of money. It was so uncomfortable and showed under all my clothes. I got a wider width support bandfor a third of the price from babies r us and it was much more comfortable and supportive.
Our pup has lasted a year (& still working). :)Ours didn't come with the soap...we bought it separately. The On Guard soap is excellent though! :DI will buy it again. :)
I’ve had other brands that worked just fine. These would not stick with the glue for some reason. Lashes would NOT stick. I thought that the grooves would make it easier to stick the lashes but I think it actually makes them harder to stick.
This product is smaller then want I was expecting. Cool little device that can pump out powders with ease. Does make a lot of dust in the air when using
Powder has developed funny color and taste within a year, maybe I just got a bad batch.
Best tile cleaner I've ever used. Night and day difference. I'll never buy the crap they sell at Home Depot again.
This product is meant for spraying surfaces that have already been cleaned, so it's not very useful as a cleaner.
I liked that they're transparent so I can see just how much water is in them. They don't leak and retain heat pretty well. Would buy again but they seem well made and I don't expect to have to.
I just received this item and it won’t even turn on. Such a pain to have to return! Do not waste your money.
Sturdy and beautiful, but the top screws into the inside and it is not quite big enough to hold toothpicks without them interfering with the top closing.
Been on this one week, I think I need to be on it longer to see results, but I dont feel as tired.  Im taking this as a result of Dr. recommendation.
These smelled like gasoline even after washing. Horrible!!!! Soap didn't suds up inside. Disappointing.
Works good for large plants
Good product
So good. Fresh, light, powdery, with a hint of sweet fruit. Spring in a bottle.
I tried Nervine Tonic after watching a video from a notable herbal company which touted the products effectiveness.  I cannot deny that the product worked as a relaxant and sleep aid.  However, I did find that my sleep was almost too deep and I had trouble waking up.  Because of this, I would use with caution and be extremely diligent with dosage.
Very good but smaller than expected so for that reason I will probably buy locally next time.
https:smile.amazon.comdpB00M9LMZHOref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_9?th=1
cute design. i am wrapping my granddaughter's presents in it!!!
I ordered this because of the colors in the picture- I knew I’d have rose gold balloons but the other confetti balloons were primary colors where I planned a party around these colors and the colors where not what the picture shows.
Very soft. Easy to put on. There are strands of the yarn poking through the front, so I don't know how well it will wear over time.
I've bought heel cushion before, none of them could compare with these pairs! They are awful. These don't grip my heels at all. I even tried to put two pads in the left shoe in order to reduce the room, but the my feet still slipped out easily, which gave me an awful commuting in a morning. The worst thing is the sticky part of the product was just double-side tape. When I tried to take them off, the cotton stayed on my shoes and became very hard to peel off. Awful decision of buying them. Now I am going to search some tips to get rid of double-side tape ; (
Excellent quality Mesima, from an excellent company- bag comes full of product and is exceptional. I plan to encapsule mine or use some as tea, I have not yet run out of my other bag yet so I am taking that. I am taking for my brain tumor and seizures and to help slow the  process of my brain cancer or perhaps cure it, but as I have the type that always comes back is like to say that I’m probably going to be talking this and many other medicinal mushrooms for a while. Thank you for all your hard work for an amazing product.
Weak, dissipates within minutes. Not a great scent, it's smells like stripper - vanilla-y and weakly sweet and just not sexy. I doubt there are any pheremones in this oil. I have an oil from a passion party which is the best stuff around. This is not even 13 as good or potent.
Dreft gets MOST stains out, even on adult clothes! Ive used tons of products hoping to get stains out..... This is my favourite! I cant find it at the local shop anymore so will continue to order it on amazon
I’m a little meh on these.  I get a lot of relief from the support and warning aspect of regular KT.  This isn’t as sticky or stretchy and these no stiffness that leads to the support from regular KT tape.  The directions are also weird, it says not to apply more than 3 tapes at once (and I know too much lidocaine can cause arrythmia) but they guy pictured on the can is wearing 6 tapes?  Anyways, the lidocaine pain relief isn’t that noticeable for me, I used 2 strips then combined w 2 strips of Rock Tape for support for taping my knees.  It’s not bad and time will tell, but I don’t think I’m having as much pain relief and support as with the rock tape and it only comes in white.  Worth trying.  I may not have enough pain today to need this and may try again on a bad day.
Wasn't a very noticeable change
Smells great, scent does change a little over time.
So far they seem to do the trick. My daughters gaite is offand she has flat feet (non verbal, autistic) Her doc suggested inserts and i bought these. She's doing so well she even attempts to run now. I'll probably need to buy a few more.
I'm sure this would work if I could stomach it. The taste alone is so horrid I ended up mixing it with some other flavors to get it palatable.. which didn't work. The thought of the taste makes me gag... yes, it's that bad for me.Two stars for not adding a bunch of crap, but minus 3 stars because I'm going to throw it away since the taste makes me gag.
I used it for cleaning and it smells great and last long and cleans good.
comfortable to wear with sandals
Tastes great, I'm squating 4-5 times a week with a 5x5 set. Helps a bunch with recovery, as I'm never feeling sore. I've purchased this 3 times in a row now.... 'nough said.
I'm doing a 5x5 Stronglifts program, and my squat weight is getting pretty heavy for me. I weigh 185 and probably around 240 I started to feel a little pain in my knee at the bottom of my lift. Nothing super bad, but just a little instability? if that makes sense. Anyway, These things are AMAZING. They provide that little bit of compressions that just makes everything feel right. I'm up to 260 now, and squatting 4-5 times a week. Super nice product. Can't go wrong. I also used their sizing chart and it worked perfect. Went with the large for my 15'in pattela measured right around the center of my knee with my leg straight.
tried it before I went on vacation. tried to wash a pair of socks. did not seem to clean. socks did not seem fresh. Similar to simply rinsing socks with just water.
Product Review: Best product of its type I’ve ever used. This unflavored no sugar added  version makes it more versatile: any cool, clear liquid. (No milk or smoothies!)  Keeps my blood sugar steady, keeps me regular, and I don’t feel as hungry. I believe it has contributed to my weight loss.**Price Review: Last time I looked at this listing — TWO DAYS AGO — the lowest price was $54 per canister, and there were only two vendors.Just now, the lowest price is $28.99. Almost a 50% drop, and not much different from when  the product was available in LA area stores. So I bought two canisters. Before tax, $58. Saturday, two days ago, before tax would have been $108.  Now there are 36 vendors whose prices range from $28.99 to $64.99.Don’t know if this means the availability problem has been resolved, or just for the time being.  The Metamucil Company, earlier this year,  had announced they were experiencing significant supply chain problems that were affecting their business all over the world.So I’d say jump on this price — best one I’ve seen in a long time. And start looking for this product in stores. And cross your fingers.🤞
Folks, these earplugs pose a risk of getting stuck deep inside your ear. I see from the reviews I’m not the only one.I only wore these a couple of times. One of them got stuck in my ear canal. These are silicone and extremely small, but don’t have stemshandles like other other silicone earplugs, to prevent them from adhering deep inside your ear canal. If my RN friend had not been able to extract the earplug, I would’ve had to go to urgent care or the ER. Getting something like this stuck in your ear could potentially damage your hearing.I urge you to buy other earplugs, potentially with stemshandles. You’re trying to protect your hearing - not risk it.
Using alcohol and salt works just as well
Excellent Toner, though I didn't recognize that what I am buying is a toner when I add it to my cart; I thought it is a Facial Wash, I dont know I just did not concentrate well. But I'm still Satisfied. The toner is wonderful, it gave my skin that fresh glowing clean feeling and look, its perfect to wipe your clean face using it before makeup too I didn't breakout afterward. The seller sent me ( Collagen Wash Gel) as a sample and I was impressed with the result too, I'm gonna buy it for sure. Deserve the 5 stars. Thank you
These are fine for scrubbing your body: One side is soft, the other side coarse. I use the soft for face and skin. I use the coarse for my feet. Trying to get more away from plastic in our lives. I have small hands and am able to hold it fine.
I bought these for a home office because I could not see the yellow highlighter on my paperwork under the light from "warm" CFLs.  Definitely a much whiter light than you might be used to (the "gas station mini-mart" look that another reviewer mentioned), but you can get excellent results if you put one of these and one "warm" CFL in a 2-bulb fixture. They're the same size as a generic 100W light bulb, so they fit any fixture; but note that they are a bit slower than most CFLs to come up to full brightness, maybe 30 seconds or so.Beware the miserable factory packaging: a tight-fitting cardboard box with zero padding.  I ordered a 2-pack, which arrived with one bulb broken. Amazon took them back and sent a replacement, and again one bulb arrived broken.  I'm going to get a third package, but this time I'll hold on to the one good bulb, so I can send back two broken ones. (Assuming they don't send me TWO broken bulbs, which is a distinct possibility.)  This is despite plenty of airbag packaging from Amazon -- I suspect they're being busted further up the supply chain.Compared to Costco's 8-pack prices on "warm" CFLs, these are relatively expensive, but with 50% losses in shipment I suppose they have to charge twice as much.
Seems to work but causes body odor
I went to see Jack White in a relatively small theater and these came in very handy. It allowed me to enjoy the music without fully masking it. I still think the sound levels were hearing damaging but it's a very good compromise between being able to hear and not killing your ears.It seemed like the bass gets through more than the mids and highs with them but that could be because you can feel the bass on your chest. Not sure yet, these are my first ear protection outside of full on ear plugs.
love this product
Fast and accurate!
I need co to repond to this question, why was label saying 50% knotweed placed over the original that says 20%?  Which is it?
*Review after one week of use: had some doubts that this would work as well as stated for the incredible task  at hand - a laundry room that is the nighttime spot for 3 dogs. Every morning we open the door and gasp at the horror of the stench. A good thorough mopping might clean the floor but the air is rank with stinky dog that no aerosol air freshener can conquer. Plugged this in as soon as it arrived and within an hour, it was pleasant. Even when the pack comes in wet, it has made a big difference. Now to see how long it lasts.***UPDATE After a month, the dogs are winning. It no longer clears out the smell the way it did in the beginning. If my laundry room were bigger, I'd purchase another larger unit like the one we use for the whole house, maybe that would work. For now, we might just have to invest in face masks.
These work great for both reading and watching TV while lying flat. They are sturdy and comfortable, and make a great gift that is actually useful.
This is a great natural product to help boost immunity. I was constantly getting sick and needing bout after bout of antibiotics when a friend recommended Immuplex to me. I admit that it took several months before I noticed a real difference, but once it kicked in, it works like nothing else. I rarely get sick, and if I do, I'm able to get over it much faster than before. Give it a try, be patient, and it will work!
Broke almost immediately.
Nice roomy basket, I use to keep dog toys and balls on my back porch for my dog.
I have been using this product for a few years now and helps keep my neck and chest moisturized.
my new vitamin c everyday supplement, goes in my morning smoothie!!!
Does just what it says it does. Love it. Gonna order another one right now.
Update:This lasted only weeks. A total nightmare when one morning it wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t get battery out, so out came the hammer.I’m not sure if it was faulty, but not being able to remove battery is a NO.To be fair to seller, I didn’t ask for exchange. Nor did I ask for return after using the hammer.They did ship fast. My issue was product, and not the seller. Just purchased one with a removable battery door.I give the product a 5 star for functionality. It replaced one that I had for years. I also give high marks for the very fast shipping.I do agree with another reviewer. I'm blind, not deaf. Scared the bejesus out of me the first time I poured my coffee.I would recommend the product. It does what it is supposed to do. For the manufacturer, I'd lower the decibel just a touch. Sounds can often be amplified for blind individuals.
The only reason I am not re-ordering this product is the package design: VERY difficult to remove wipes (as other reviewers have pointed out). Must use both hands *every* time to try to wrestle out a single wipe - then (every time) 4 more come out with it :( Too bad, because I liked these wipes - but there are other choices of natural wipes out there now.
Smells nice and fresh and I like that the mat is good and clean without a lot of nasty chemicals.
Packaging was fantastic, the lemon smell is great you can smell the sent coming right out of the bottle without  opening it. I use it to put in my hair products and facial mask.
The only cleaning solution to use!
great stocking stuffer!  I bought a bunch of these to give away to my friends at Christmas along with a set of nail stickers.  it's etched glass, so the effectiveness will last a very long time.  this is a good quality nail file.  I have one at home and one for my travel bag.  at this price you could get one for everyone on you gift list, and extra for your purse and car and office!
Strong, soft, perfect size for me
I think it would help if used frequently. I got it when I was having really bad back pain. It hurt to lay on which I think is because my back was in pain but getting up from the floor with back pain after was hard. The product is really wobbly. If you move too much to one side it will collapse.
These are durable for moderate use. I use them for a variety of home use from cleaning to kitchen work. The only time I ever have issues with them is if it’s my fault. The sizing is perfect and what always works for me in other brands.
These gloves are high quality and comfortable. Most importantly, they’re latex free and lined!I’ve already purchased additional sets in both sizes. Gloves become more important during the icy frigid winter months because protecting already painfully dry skin from dirty work is necessary.
I’m really pleased with this sonic toothbrush. It has a two minute timer that stops every 30 seconds. The replacement brush heads are available on Amazon for an incredibly reasonable price! I believe when I checked, there was a 4 pack for $10.99. I stopped using my electric toothbrush years ago because I was tired of the cost. I thought because I’m so pleased with my silicone face brush, maybe I’d be just as happy with a toothbrush. Again, for the price, it’s easily something you can try for yourself.What was included in my box were (2) brush heads, a wonderful storage case that holds both brush heads and the base, a charger base and cord. You will need a USB adapter power plug but if you have a smartphone, this isn’t going to be an issue. I have many in my house. I thought the instructions were clear enough to understand the settings on the base. If you’re a fanatic for the English language, these directions may trigger you. If not, hopefully you will get a little chuckle after skimming through them.
I didn’t like these. The top band hit in the wrong place on my lower leg which made these incredibly uncomfortable. I purchased a medium and wear a size 7.58. I think the chart was accurate with the size recommendation. Also, these aren’t a good long term sock. They’re not going to hold up well if you wear them daily and wash them often. These are prone to snagging and tearing. I bought to wear in bed while I sleep so I wasn’t hard on my pair at all.
Absolutely love this set! Love the colorful filers. The size is helpful for gripping. The glass file is so unique and works incredibly well. Excellent value too!
When the Bareminerals Store Clerk first showed it to me, I thought it would be way too peachy but she insisted and she was right.  It looks great and has an almost imperceptible sparkle to it which I love.  I can't believe they discontinued this color!  When I went back to the store to buy a replacement, the clerk sold me something that she said was very close but it wasn't.  I am so happy to have found my color on Amazon.  Thanks guys!
Very happy with this!  I spent a lot of money 3 years ago for a teak bench which eventually rotted out and took up too much space in my tiny shower stall anyway.  This is lightweight and comfortable; I can shave my legs!  Probably best for younger folks not afraid of falls.  A frail person should seek something sturdier, but it is exactly what I needed.
Sturdy bags, good value for money, multipurpose use
They don't quite fit true to size, but they perform very well overall. I notice less fatigue after long runs, or after refereeing soccer games.  These are a good value for the money.
I think I misunderstood what I was ordering. These gloves are *enormous*... like Andre the Giant sized. I could use them if I had someone else around to tape them around the wrist for me, but I don’t. Other than that, they seem to be of good quality.
I love *knowing* where my tweezers are!!! Having these secured inside a small, custom case keeps them clean and accessible whenever I need them! &lt;3
Thank you
I know how expensive this fish oil is, but it's very worth it, if the multitude of studies about the benefits of fish oil can be believed.I was wary of the pure oil, even though I was happy to not have all the fillers included in the capsules, because of the taste.  I am happy to report that the oil has no fishy taste, and I have not gotten any fish burps (unlike with the capsules).  It IS oily, which is a weird texture on the tongue, but the taste is pure orange.  I like eating it with a mouthful of leafy greens to dissipate the oil feel.
I use these with my bare hands and so far haven’t hurt me. They scrub my cast iron pans wonderfully and last a very long time.
Bought to make birdie bread for my guys.
Yummy mix it with KOdiak mix
This is an effective tool. My advice is to go ahead and buy the course or extra course rollers. The normal roller wasn’t effective and I didn’t or don’t  have problem feet. I am satisfied with this purchase.
Love, Love, Love my Mr Clean Magic Eraser!  It's the best for cleaning walls, sinks, appliances, whatever needs cleaning.  Nothing else compares.
Great product, BUT delivery was thrown on grass next to driveway, not like usual on front porch, seen in photo
First time ordering this brand and I will be ordering more! Wonderful (and accurate) smell!
Good ingredients, but hard to stay put on the gum... ends up just a sawdust mouth experience where you have to spit it all out and rinse ... hmm... wish they made this in a gel form or paste or something other than powdered herbs...
Another spontaneous purchase based on recommendation.Find it thoroughly useless.  Makes too much noise and after having it on for multiple days in a very small walk in closet, I saw no improvement in quality of air whatsoever.Thumbs down.
These masks are great.  Comfortable and thick. We like this brand and the shipping was very fast.
Loved it for my granddaughter's 5th birthday party she loves mermaids and it was perfect
They smell amazing however you would probably need 20 of them to be able to consistently smell them. Here and there it will be noticeable, but it’s amazing when it is.
Perfect size and love the features. I looked this better than my $45 verilux model.
Do you intend to put this into gel caps at home?  I hope so.  Because in hot beverages it tastes like a saponified cadaver.
I have chronic Lyme Disease and have bought a library of books on it.  One of the books that has various doctors from across the world had one of them advising his patients to use this product to help regain some of their lost energy.  I've just started using it and waiting to see if it helps.It has great flavor and I have to resist opening more than 1 package at a time it's that good.  I've purchased bottles of it this past week to give it a reasonable length of time to see results.  I don't expect it to work in a couple of weeks.  Plan on at least a month to see if there is any difference.Only problem I see is the price.  BUT, from what I've read the trees are only in one section of the world.
I first learned of DMSO from our teenage son's college running coach.  As an athlete who runs over 100 miles a week, our kid was frequently dealing with pains and injuries from his workouts.  When knee or ankle pain didn't ease up after a few days (and serious injury had been ruled out by orthopedists), the trainers would break out the DMSO.Since then, I've used it on my own running-injured knee occasionally when the pain becomes too bad.  After applying, the area remains wet and a bit sticky for about 20-30 minutes (remember to wash your hands thoroughly after rubbing it in).  After this amount of time, you can wipe off any excess that hasn't been absorbed by your body.  During this time, the area usually becomes warm, a bit rosy, and itchy.  I also get a garlic taste in my mouth which is typical for most people.  For those people who use it frequently, their bodies can begin to emit a garlic-like odor in their sweat.DMSO is a by-product of paper making and is primarily used as an industrial solvent for herbicides, fungicides, antibiotics, and plant hormones.  It's had experimental use orally as treatment for certain types of cancer.  At this time, it does NOT have the approval of the FDA for use on humans other than as a specific physician-prescribed treatment for bladder disordercancer.  It is FDA approved for use on horses and dogs, and is widely used in that industry.It's important to note that the face and neck are more sensitive to DMSO and no higher concentrations than 50% should ever be applied there.  Also, when applying DMSO to your skin, it's important that the skin is *totally* clean, dry, and unbroken because DMSO penetrates the body.  As it penetrates, DMSO can carry any chemical that has a molecular weight of up to 1,000 units right through the skin and into the body, into the blood stream, and even through the blood-brain barrier. It also leaves the skin more permeable than normal for a few hours. There is a possibility that chemicals such as the dye from clothing in contact with DMSO-treated skin could be accidentally passed through the skin and carried directly into the body.While I do generally experience pain relief when I use DMSO, I usually save it for when my knee is at its worst.
I loved the sturdiness of the frames.  They are so cute and fit well.  They protect my eyes and the reading glass is great.
Omg, this scent is HEAVENLY. Bought it once to test if I liked the scent, buying three more now. If you're buying this brand, they usually have free shipping on purchases of $50. The shipping can be expensive, so stocking up every few months can save you some $ instead of buying one every once in a while.
I have slouched my whole life and have always had bad posture. After having this product for only a week, I am standing up straighter and people are commenting that I look better and healthier—just from standing up straight. It comes with instructions that are easy to follow and I only keep it on for about 30 min to an hour a day while I do household chores. Such a game changer.
Since I'm tired of waking up with numbtingling hands, or feeling like my shoulder is getting pulled out of shape because I can't help but sleep on it at the wrong angles, I decided ot give this a try.And for the price of one, I got the two different items.The Slumber Sleeve arrived last night, and I gave it a try. It was comfortable, didn't feel in the way, and kept the weight of my head off of my arm. I did wake up and turn, but for other reasons than my arm or shoulder being uncomfortable. I didn't switch it to the other arm, and after a while soon switched back over to the side with the Slumber Sleeper anyway.I got the Pillow Aid today, and will give it a try. Hoping for another good experience with it. I sure can put both to good use!22 May 15 - I tried the Pillow Aid. It was nice, and actually worked for me. The tube is harder plastic than the Slumber Sleeve, and with no covering, but not so hard as to be uncomfortable with a pillow on it. It kept me from putting pressure on my arm and having it fall asleep. Drawback was that I got a bit hot with it on, and the edges did poke me a bit until I could find the right angle for it. Neither of which interrupted my sleep.I'm keeping both, and will use the Slumber Sleep on the side I sleep and save the Pillow Aid for those nights I may find myself sleeping on both side. That way I won't have to switch in the middle of the night.I may check back after a while to describe if it's still working for me after a few months.
Waste of money. Don't stay in place and too bulky to fit in shoes.
Love how much curl it gives my lashes and they stay curled until I wash my face.  The rotating wand is weird, or maybe I am.  Can’t figure out how or why to use it.  Also turning the rotating wand on and off takes a few tries.  Overall, love the product!
Size is weird for eyes.  Can't keep them on.  They need to be secured in towel or something.
Having loved their product that works on fiberglass, I couldn't wait to try this on my glass shower door.  It might have taken off some of the water stains, but I couldn't tell the difference.  It took me a long time to find something that would actually work on the fiberglass; looks like I still have some searching to do for the glass shower door.  Maybe I just have exceptionally hard water.
I love these pads. I purchased two packs, one for my beauty needs and one for my dog's! I have a Boxer and apply an anti-fungal ointment to clean his wrinkly face daily. These are perfect for both our needs. I wash them in a small garmentlingerie bag and air dry them. These make great gifts!
My granddaughter wrote on our new countertop with a black sharpie. I was sick, but tried the magic eraser and it removed all of it.
I don't know about pants, but for my vest they are perfect.
Perfect product, easy to use has great hold and has held up to my needs
Great product and fast shipping. Thank you!
Very convenient and effective product
I am pleasantly surprised at how well these little clips hug my eye glass frames and the chain is thin and very attractive, subdued and elegant.  :)
This creatine tastes terrible, but great results!
Don't waste your money
This type of supplement is very good for you and the supplier is awesome. You can curb your appetite have clean skin and have your hair grow very long from using this
My sun likes it. Easy to handle and the floss is not too thickthin. I wish there was no fruity scent to it, but I can live with that. 5 stars!
This item really should not be sold here as it is temperature sensitive and needs to be shipped with an ice pack during the warm months. Who knows what the temps are in the AMAZON warehouses? I would say to stick with buying this from your local practitioner because after it has been subjected to the heat, it probably is no longer good at all or less strength at best. Waste of money to buy a probiotic that no longer works!
A little too high and deep for a neck pillow for me. But works great behind the knees or in front of my other orthopedic pillows to elevate my legs or to ease my spine. Nicely made. No smell. Soft at the very top, but firm at the core. Very comfortable for knees and legs. Wide enough for larger than average legs. Although very large or very heavy legs may wear it out sooner.  I'm a tall gal, big gal, with longer than average legs. It's holding up quite well for me after several months. Nice zippered pillow case.  I'm happy with it.  I hope they continue to manufacture these, because when this one wears out I will re-buy. If you sweat a lot you might want to cover it with a towel to make it last longer? This material breaks down in damp and humid air, hence it will get flatter sooner. So keep it dry.
Very heavy. I wouldn't wear these out of the house until I am able to keep them in for sure.
Works ok.Could get the same product for cheaper price
I am sure it works but it smells pretty bad. Like fish in a trash can in the next room. I actually tried poring some out and mixing in rose essential oils to cover it. That worked for one day then the icky smell was back. Was it rancid? I don’t know I just threw it away and felt good abt it. I have borage oil capsules and they don’t smell like that if you open them up.
I really like these bars!  They are balanced well and low in calories. I can keep one in my purchase and if I can't eat a meal this works as a replacement.
Size is a little smaller than what I thought, but it works just fine!The students loved the idea of creating a holy water bottle of their own.Fits just enough water for children.
Two layers so it passes workplace requirements.
Great value and scent is not over powering just fresh.
i dont know if the good reviews are paid to say what they are saying, but this item certainly did NOT work for me. A waste of $20. I have wavy hair, and its not hard to manage but this brush did not straighten it at all.
Delivers the needed calories with a great Chocolate taste!
I hadn't used a glade candle in awhile but I thought these might be ok.  I do not like whatever they use in the wicks, it gives a nasty smell.  I would not recommend this brand of candles if you are used to Yankee or other clean burning soy candles like I am, you will probably notice the same stink I do if so.
Nice bandage, just small. No stick. Nice
perfect! Very nice, exactly what i expected great price!
So far I like it. I’m not sure if I’m seeing a major difference but I do think it’s helping.
I'm a massage therapist and use these regularly. I love the thickness of these stones, I've worked with others that were thinner and like these much better. These are definitely not plastic as listed on some other stones. They have also held up very well as I have kept one in my purse for well over a month and it has not broke at all.
I like this product, I&#34;ve used it for years because you won't have to scrub out the tub each time you use it.  It prevents scum build up on the tub and the shower.  Smells great too.  I gave it 4 stars because my favorite is the eucalyptus (which I think has a stronger and better smell).  I ordered the Ylang Ylang because it was cheaper.
Full disclosure: yes, I'm a very tall and heavy guy, so this review may not apply to a lot of people.  On the other hand, I'm within the advertised rating for weight for this stool, and my disability makes it a necessity to get around in my kitchen.I had high hopes for this product.  The same feature (thick seat padding) that makes this uncomfortable for me after prolonged use is also what makes it durable for my weight--so that's an even trade.  After all, it's a stool and not a recliner.  I'm good with that.What I'm not happy about is that, after just over two months of using for about 40 minutes a day, a wheel fell off this morning and wouldn't snap back in again.  Then I was surprised to see that the sockets for the wheels to snap into are just molded plastic!  One of the edges of that failed wheel socket had cracked.  What a poor design--going cheap like that instead of a few pennies to put metal inserts into the plastic.I've poured a bunch of thick "super glue" into the socket to see if that will work as a temporary fix until a new one can get here.  Yes, I'm taking a chance on another one of the same type, but I can't keep paying about $75 every two months to buy stools that I really need to have to lead a fairly normal life.
Doesn’t work. My teeth didn’t whiten and all’s it did was smear all over my mouth and lips with nothing to seal this whitener to my teeth like strips or teeth covering. Also takes an eternity for the gel to come up when you twist it.
reliever of pain, works great!
it isn't super effective.  it freshened up the garments a little bit but definitely not a substitute for dry cleaning.  i might use it in between dry cleaning to freshen up a dress, but that's about it.
Our bathroom toilet has had a persistent issue with mineral deposits (we have a well).  Nothing I had tried would touch the most stubborn of them - so "ring around the toilet" in spades....  Doing some nosing around online, I came across these pumice stones and decided to try them.To say they work is an understatement - one of them removed mineral stains that had been on the toilet for years, in a matter of a couple minutes work!  Why didn't I find these before now?  (The one place that is still a problem is under the front right edge of the toilet - I just can't seem to angle the pumice to get at the buildup in that one spot.  But otherwise, I'm a very satisfied customer!)
Everything ok.
First floss I've found that glides easily between my tightly-spaced teeth.  I'm very happy with this product.
Very happy with the variety and comfort!
They fit perfectly!! Twisted right on and fit my tiny ear openings!
Exactly what I needed and worked great.
I was so bummed by this.I received the order yesterday and my two year old's birthday is tomorrow morning.So I just took it out to decorate so he could see it in the morning when he wakes up and sooooo disappointed to see that the "Y" is missing in Happy.It came pre strung with traffic lights on both sides but Y Missing in "Happy".Messed up the birthday decorations for me.
Bought this to drown out my husbands snoring and numerous other noises coming from the house at night.  I can't say it really masks the snoring that much but it does help with outside noise from other rooms or outside.  All in all it does help me sleep better.  It gets the job done.  I. like that it is super compact and fits right on my night stand with plenty of room.
The coffee is good, the machine sucks. The instructions are non existant.  Next the whole bloody thing is in the dustbin.  Had to return, it never came out of descaling mode.  Will not buy another, the company was less than helpful
Smells great. Does not perform as well as other detanglers.
I have taken 2 pills in one day and felt no energy or boost. I will continue to take since I purchased them, however I hope when it is in my system it will do more than this first day.
Honestly I don’t know what my autistic son would do without these
The stick connects to make it holdable, however mine never clicked in place so it comes apart when i spray, had to tape it together. I know you get what you pay for but damn.
I have a sensitivity to tags and seams in clothing. Placing this over them has saved me on numerous occasions from wanting to crawl out of my skin.
Tastes great!
This is great for those who can t bend over to put on shoes. The telescopic handle is great and locks in place so it won't fold up on you until you want it to
Good product. Happy with purchase. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Only downside is losing a cup-holder.
My 9 year old son loves this. His only complaint is that the small beads on the sides, used to adjust the size, hurt a little bit if he tries to sleep on his side.
Very thick and heavy duty. Does not leak with a lot of liquid.
I swear you can get anything  off with these. Unfortunately scrub too much and paint comes off the wall so be careful but thirds are handy to have stungv
This is really weak. There's no power to it at all. Don't waste your money
Great flavor. Do have to worry a little about getting to the bathroom.
Bought this for my niece... she loves it !
I do not know if has helped my joints or anything else people claim, but it maintains my cholesterol better than the fish pills.
Bright colors
These are great. They keep pairs of socks together, and reduce sorting time. So far (about 6 months) they have been pretty durable. I've purchased more to add to the household, so I'd say they are good, at least at our house.
I use this to wash my face with my rechargeable facial tool  after removing my makeup. It is gentle, smells clean, doesn’t strip the natural oils, and has a great price point.
You get what you pay for..cheaply made and not worth the effort.
A lot of well made cotton.  I was expecting a little fluffier but I could use for the purpose I purchased it for.  Great speed and packing.  Arrived quickly.
Good product! Nice seller! Recommend! Too early to speak about the results, so will have to post an update.
Oxy E does raise  oxygen in the body very quickly. Need to gradually increase number of drops per day to 100 and after thatthe maintenance dose should do the trick.
I don't think flavor makes these any better. The taste and texture were just too much to bear. And I did not want to down this with a bunch of sugary juice. I stomached it for about a month and I did not notice any improvements in my overall heath or skin hair nails. There were not fishy burps however like most of the pills give. One plus side to it.
This is a very cheap version of an electric toothbrush. Got what I paid for.
Super cute, long sticks and they work!Good value for 3 boxes.
Bottles broke within a couple of months
Great smell, but spray Button does not work.
Just purchased this unit after carefully researching all the foot spas on Amazon. Well I'm here to tell you this is garbage. After the first use it started leaking terribly from the back where a cord is. This cord does nothing from what I can tell and is not even mentioned in the very poor manual included with this junk of a unit. $129 for this?? We tried to troubleshoot and to no avail. Keeps leaking water. Instructions are lame as well. If you want heat you can only get it using the surf (bubbles) function. No other way. Cannot turn off bubbles with heat. I think all the 4 & 5 star reviews are fake. This is being returned asap!!
It wasn't helpful at all. I bought it to use on the ends of my hair. Saw no improvement. The company isn't the issue it is just the oil.
I've used Vectra for carpets And for shoesbags and I won't wear a pair of new shoes or boots until I've treated with this stuff. Leave suede texture as it should be and no being afraid of a bit of rain. Swear by the stuff and the carpet Vectra works just as well.
Great for coconut oil. No leakage or issues
Works great.
Quick Results and seems accurate
I received this light about a month ago and it is fabulous. It's very bright for its small size which is what makes it great. I use it in a small bathroom and so I'm close for at least 30 minutes in the morning. It has made a big difference in my mood and attitude. I feel brighter and lighter. I wish I had bought it months ago.The light is lightweight so I can move it around from place to place without any issues. I think if I wanted to use it in a larger room or further away from me, I'd buy the larger light. But, this is perfect for me in the close space in which I use it.It was very easy to put together and even though its a lightweight plastic cover, its very sturdy and durable.Worth every cent it costs.
To be used sparingly
works well good delivery time
I really like these insole! It help my walking gait, and relieved the pain I was having.
These protect the placard from bending in the heat, etc.  A good clear way to protect the placard and easy to see and hang in the car.
This tea is very yummy. I don't know if it has actually helped my IBS but it tastes good. The one complaint I have is it smells faintly of marijuanna... I don't know if that is normal because this was my first organic loose peppermint tea. Despite the strange smell, it is definitly worth it.
I've never tried Argan oil before, I always used the cheap crap oil from Garnier or what not. I put some on my wet hair and it didn't make it greasy at all my hair is super shiny and soft!
When you have to work from home, you need to make your chair more supportive and comfortable. this goes a long way to helpin.
This worked well
I love the idea of plastic lids for my mason jars.  I use my mason jars all the time, but the majority of the time it is not for canning.  I use them for storage and homemade refrigerator jams, pickles or homemade scrubs and lotions.  The bad thing about metal lids or canning rings is that they tend to rust.  Plastic doesn't rust!When I use my homemade scrubs in the shower, the metal lids get rusty, these will not do that.  If I take a metal lid off and lay it on the shelf in the shower but forget to put it back on the lid, it will leave rust marks on my shower stall shelf, these do not.I can see so many uses for these lids.  Great product!I received this product at a reduced rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
These are cute and my son loves them…I just wish there was more option in style (like Mario or Luigi on the bandaids, not just the &#34;enemies&#34; and more than 20 bandaids in the package.
This package is a good value and will last a long time
These discs leave a residue in the toilet as it sheds the outer layer.
These little brooms are awesome! Work better than any I've ever purchased! The price is also great as you get two sets! I love mine!
They worked just fine.  Now to get the broken underground wires fixed!
I think it might be good but too harsh on my stomach.
My pills are hard and dome shaped but this does a good job.  Just hold it so pill is down or it wants to pop out.  Good design so you don't cut your fingers.  Takes some pressure.  I thought it was a little expensive but it works very well.
Great cleaning solution set for prepping the CPU and cooler for new thermal compound.
It came broken waste of money too
Love this set great art work and same amazing clipper.
Use this product for long runs. It’s great!
Working as described
Fast delivery and work steadily.
Anyone doing cancer therapy should drink this. Seriously! Check out their site on-line.
Loved the product. Just don't think I will order that particular size again. Too big ! The adhesion is fantastic.Much better than what came with the unit.
Gave it a 3 because I haven't tried it yet.  Gave it a three because the blue ring around the middle was plastic whenI thought it would be soft and flexible product.  Believe I will enjoy it though but I only use it on trips; which I havebeen taking lately.
Item was securely packaged and sealed.  I use this fragrance in my diffuser to enhance lavender and orange.  The smell is nice and as expected.
Oh my gosh I love my foam roller. I thought it might be too hard & dense at first but after a week of using it my body adjusted and my softer foam roller just isn't enough on most areas anymore. I'm a massage therapist and I get tight everywhere... I  use this to roll out my entire back, neck, upper arms, forearms, glutes, legs & feet (balancing on the roller & stretching that fascia on the bottom of the feet is great for plantar fasciitis). I like to use it after a hot shower or hot tub soak so I am loosened up a bit. It is so efficient that I'm able to spend less time on self carestretching than I used to. Hallelujah! With the accompaniment of a couple tennis balls to get into the small spots that's all I need. I use the smallest 12" size so I can transport it around with me to different offices, but I finally just got a 2nd one so I can always have one at my main office as well as home. When I realized how dependent I am on my foam roller I thought I really ought to write a review. I've also seen reviews of other brands saying they fell apart, and this one is super sturdy.  I've been using it at least once a day for roughly 6 months and it looks and feels exactly the same as the brand new one that I just received. I have a feeling it will probably last forever. Like, really forever, to the detriment of the environment. Uh, anyway great product
Works great according to friend
Smells fresh and clean. MakesCleaning the shower easy.
My ability to put on some of my shoes is compromised by arthritis and other problems in my knees and back.  This product has made shoes I quit wearing now fully available on a daily basis.  This has been a fantastically useful tool for me when I want to wear shoes that do not have a stiff heel.
I'm sure this works exactly as designed.  However the way it holds the face mask on puts pressure on points on my head in spots that cause me to wake up with headaches.  I did not use it but a few weeks and went back to my old CPAP system.
Great product however with serious aerosol problems.  Spray isLargely non-functional.. Stick with the non-spray version
Love the size of these tiny bags.  Purchased to use in the garden. I place the bag over seed pods to prevent the seeds from blowing away in the wind :)  I have a butterfly garden and plant milkweed. The flowers develop into seed pods that "burst" when mature and the exposed silk fluff has a small seed attached at the end. The fluff blows away in the wind. To capture the seeds, the organza bags keep them in the bag once they burst and I can place them away and collect the seeds to replant next year!!  Really good purchase.
household staple
Stands up great on solid floors. It is also flexible, making it very easy to use. Gives the added stability needed in a way that’s not as bulky as most. I love it!
Had difficulty finding in retail stores. Pleased to have found it online. Really good product and easy to use. No harsh chemical smell and easy to rinse off leaving no residue.
This is a very nice plate for my elderly father, helps keep food from being pushed off the plate.  I wish it was just a little bigger and a little less pricey but I'm glad I got it for him.
Could not be happier with this purchase. My middle school daughter had a spa party with 6 of her friends and these sleep masks were a huge hit.Wasn’t sure what type of quality to expect but these are better than anything I looked at locally and other online stores. Very well made and super cute. So glad I made the purchase and strongly recommend them.
Arrived on time and as advertised.
I have a Quip toothbrush that I have used for travel for the last couple of years.  I don't think it cleans that well, it only has one speed, but you can replace the battery easily.  This Sonic Toothbrush will replace it completely!  The HIEIE has 5 different modes and 3 speeds, claims to run 30 days on one charge, has a nice carrying case, AND really cleans my teeth.  I can tell a big difference when I use it from my Oral-B toothbrush, gums feel like they have been worked over and the teeth feel cleaner.  Can't wait for my next dentist appointment to see if it really helps as much as it feels like it does.One star off easy of use for no instructions in the package and that the charging base doesn't fit in the travel case.  Note that the charging base is tiny, very easy to place.  Doesn't come with USB charging block, does come with the USB cable.  Since everyone has too many USB charging blocks I don't see that as a negative.
Pay close attention, all of the reviews for this product are for hair conditioner or hair products.
I bought this as a replacement to my original strap and it works great!
Why would this be labeled as a trimmer for MEN?  I like it very much!  It doesn't need to be pink to appeal to me - it just has to work.  Which it does.  Although I would like to see it cut a little closer to the skin - I still managed to get rid of some annoying nose hairs that were making me itch due to the length. This getting older thing...deep sigh.  I would have given five stars but the onoff switch is a little difficult to move to either position with just a thumb.  Maybe it will loosen up with use.
Very sturdy and I'm not the least bit concerned about it being able to support the weight of my husband when he needs to reach a little higher up.
After seeing some reviews, I can honestly say that this product is probably NOT for overweight people.  I'm a 5'2 130lb woman, and I loooovvvvveeee this cushion!! My butt and legs were going numb in my office chair, so I bought this. It feels squishy and soft, yet supportive. Sitting on this makes me so happy!!! It's bouncy and fun and comes in a black zip cover.
great and sharp.
For me this works great and I love that its 24hr, so I can get through the entire day without having to stop and remember to take another in mid day or so....
They arrived well packaged and they are excellent value for the 10 pack
Love how well they exfoliate and clean!!  Holding up well.
After one use my hair was stronger, more manageable, no static, less hair loss, and it smelled wonderful.  I'm a very happy Wen user.  I'd recommend Wen Cleansing Conditioner to everyone.
Works exactly as advertised, zero smoke.  Not sure how long it lasts but out of the package I’d call it a miracle product.  Surprise bonus was the smoke buddy keychain, great entertainment posing him after using the smoke buddy.
This face mask chain is awesomely perfect. As a cool high school teacher, I have a certain image to uphold. As a practical woman, I look for the best product to fulfill my needs. This face mask chain fits both requirements. This chain is my signature color - pink - and keeps my masks close and clean when I can slip them off for a few minutes when away from my students. This chain is the perfect weight; it doesn’t pull or weigh down my mask.I highly recommend this face mask chain!
It does seem to whiten your teeth.  It is in powder form, which does take a bit of getting used to.  I dip my dampened tooth brush into the powder and brush my teeth.  It’s black!  So you really get all the edges cleaned getting out all the residual cleaner.  It seems to be a natural alternative to chemical laden products.
These pads are great addition to use with toilet liners for caretakers. It made clean up so much easier & faster, along with much more sanitary. Tried another brand not as well made nor did it hold as much liquid. Would recommend & will use if needed in future.
Item has too much of a bend in it to be used ccomfortably
Had to return this product.  It was uncomfortable.
I wanted something a little bit different, these are just right...
They work but no longer than 6 days just like Energizers, & Duracell. Price on the package was good & shipping was right on time just wish they lasted longer than 6 days.
The only reason this cane holder gets a single star is due to the fact there is no way to assign a Zero star.  The manufacturer and seller should be embarrassed to sell this item due to it's poor construction, lack of instructions and poor design.  Do not purchase this...it's a total waste of money.
Rather wobbily.
The compression is literally comforting.
I am a long-time Norelco Shaver user.  I bought top-of-the-line over a decade ago, and replaced the 3 heads and blades twice.  It worked great, battery still working great.  Then I accidentally knocked it off the counter, and broke the head.  OK, replace the head.  WHAT???  $85?  So I stated looking around at - Norelco shavers, of course.  But to get a digital display of the battery condition, it looks like $200.  A much cheaper version just has "battery low" indicator.  Well, I am addicted to knowing how much charge I have left (in minutes, on the old shaver).  But I do not want to spend $200.  So what about other brands?  This unit caught my eye.  It was way less expensive than head replacement, and had the desired features, including a display of battery condition.  It uses similar technology for the shaving heads.So, I gave it a try.  I have to say, it does an excellent job, and works very much like the Norelco I broke.  For the price, you really can't beat it.  I don't know if the battery readout is in minutes or percent, but I use about the same (3 to 5) for a shave, so it is similar (it's either 3-5 minutes or 3-5%, but who cares?).  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by the build quality and shave experience for such an inexpensive shaver.  For the price, you can't go wrong.  In fact, why spend more?
I needed something to help with odor control in a small room containing a cat box.  This is the only one I have tried that isn’t overwhelming, is truly pleasant and conceals the odor effectively.
Listen, lets be frank. It tastes yucky, yes, but appears to work. I am very bad at being consistent in taking something that I don't really like, but maca powder seems to balance the system, boost energy, and certainly keeps you "regular". As to the claims of heightened sexual appetite... not so sure. Perhaps one has to take it a while first. HINT: The easiest way for me to take something that reminds me of dirty chalk in my mouth is to mix it with a very hot sweetened vanilla based tea like pumpkin spice, vanilla bean, or even almond. Even a regular basic tea sweetened with a tiny splash of vanilla extract is better.
Works great with a 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens
Cheap, poor quality. It didn't fit my 1930's claw foot tub faucet and  broke when we tried to replace the the faucet connector with one that did fit.
I was thrilled to discover a highly effective weed-killing product that is not only good for the environment, but also relatively non-harmful (it IS acidic after all; you don't want it to touch your bare skin).  The price was great -- better than Lowe's or Home Depot -- and it worked within HOURS of spraying on unwanted plants.  I saved money buying it in bulk rather than just one jug.  It does not take a lot of product to get the results that you want; a lil' dab'll do ya'!  You can spray it both ON the plant as well as the roots.  It works well both ways.A word [or few] of caution when using 30% vinegar:1)  ONLY spray it where you want it to go; it WILL kill plants you don't want to kill if you spray it indiscriminately.  I recommend getting a spray pump or bottle that you can direct directly to where you want it to go;2) Wear leather gloves and avoid skin contact.  If it does come in contact with your skin, rinse vigorously in cool water for 15 min to fully remove.  It is acidic and can cause a chemical burn if not used properly;3) Avoid inhaling the vinegar fumes; it may cause mild respiratory irritation for some people prone to that; overall, however, it is not dangerous like other weed-killers out there such as R0undUp.4) Be patient.  It works and works well!You will not be disappointed with the results!  I would DEFINITELY buy this again.  :-)
Worked great.
once it warms up it works fine.it take a bit of body heat to warm up, so can easily lull you into thinking it will not run out too fast.
Doesn't work! on't waste your money!
As advertised. Very useful.
Repeat buy. Helps me keep up immunity working in healthcare
Good color rendition, quite bright for its size.  Runs a little more hot than I expected.
Perfect, delivered right on time. Eneloop AA batteries slide in and are snugly gripped by little arms inside the battery so they don't fall out. The downside, of course, is that adapter batteries only last about 20% as long as a true "D" cell. Good mainly for emergencies or light use.One minor downside. Another supplier (NOT Mybatterysupplier) uses a sticky glue "snot" on the sides of the batteries to hold them in the package. This goo is a real pain to remove, though WD-40 on a rag does the trick.-----------------UPDATE: I discovered a D-sized adapter that accepts THREE AA Eneloop batteries in the same space. http:www.amazon.comParallel-Connection-Battery-Holder-WhitedpB00K86RXQUref=cm_cr-mr-titleThey appear well-made and work fine.
I used to spend a ton of money on capsules and liquid supplements that had Glucosamine, MSM, and Chondroitin. I've recently got them individually from BulkSupplements and I am extremely pleased. I mix them in proteingreen drinks and get the same benefits for a fraction of the price.
If you have a Sprouts nearby, go there, it’s $5.99 for a 12oz jar!
This trimmer started out as a very nice trimmer.  However, after only a year, the main trimmer head has broken rendering the unit, mostly, useless.  While it worked great for the year I used it (about once per month), the trimmer head I use most of the time is broken and unusable.  I find this to be very disappointing.  The quality of this unit is very poor and one year of use for a unit of this costly makes me angry.
Wife crushed her L1 vertebrae and uses this to bring relief. Works fine.
Purchased this to use after a laser procedure on my face. It was so easy to use and stayed cold much longer than I expected
These are good for travel, going into the airport ladies room to freshen up. The best flavor is bubble-mint, but I can't find it now.
Sealed my granite! Put on two coats and still have a lot left over. I would recommend!
My wife likes the color, fits and stays in place..
Good stuff - it works well.
I just took the best shower in 3 weeks.  My daughter mentioned getting a "sleeve" so I could protect my infected toe from getting wet.  Never heard of this product before shopping on Amazon.  I really want to thank the other reviewers for their feedback.  Getting ready to go on a 6-week trip to Europe and need to protect my infected toe; caught infection from snorkeling in HI and even after 2 12 weeks of antibiotics, it may take another month to fully recover.  This will make my life so much easier!  Bought 2 for my travels.
Yay I got a winner this time! Should have sent the other ones back but we just used them quickly, lol, because after 2 swipes it was changing time.  These Stick and keep sticky far longer!! I'll be reordering these from now on since I KNOW they work well.
I like that the lids stay fully open while filling the compartments. The only thing I didn't like is that vitamins can get stuck between the evening and morning sections if you drop one, but the fix is easy enough. Just close the lids and tip it over carefully. Lids can pop open if not fully secured or if you shake too vigorously, so just be careful with that.
Works great. Just wish the tube was more full so it could last a little longer.
Too thick and large!
The top strap is far too small to even get over my head so the brace is useless. I have purchased others that are very good but this isn’t. I’m keeping it for the cages, extenders and filters but the brace is useless.
Doesn't really help much in breathing and it definitely does not keep my glasses from fogging up (the main reason I bought these). They're okay but I find I often as not don't use one as some of my masks don't have pleats inside so there is nothing to attach them to and they slip around. I expected so much more of these and am disappointed they don't work as well as I thought they would.
Mounted into Waterpik base perfectly. Only quibble is a slow drip where hose goes into handle for a short time after use. Reviews show it's a common complaint.
I had one of these for years and lost it about a year ago.  I love it because these because I can put one in my car, one on my key chain and one in my pocket when not using my purse or keys.  Love these!
Going on a trip and this keeps me from having to worry about liquids on an airline.
Love ‘em! Go Bears! Got son a set too!
Saw one bottle sitting on a shelf, bought it to try out since I get dry mouthed at night but don’t want to drink anything. This worked well and I just ordered 3 more bottles.
I don't have this so I guess I sent it back without ever trying it, sorry no review then.... Don't even remember why......
Seems to be helping so far
Wow, what a game changer for me, especially at work. I'm much more focused and my mood is balanced, super helpful during hormone spikes!
This product smelled so bad I kept it in the original box & put it in the garage.  No way would I use this product.
Received it the other day & wore it last night. So many problems with it. I have very sensitive skin & particularly the chin section created a rash on my chin & no matter what I did it would slip up over my mouth. The openings for the ears were not even close to where my ears are. It did keep my mouth closed (because the chin material kept covering it) but there was nothing there that I can rave about.  Waste of money - is now in the trash.
It quit working after only 3 times. Light will not come on. Suggestion, don't purchase this product
I love the Orca.  The size is great.  I have mix and matched many for my shower stall.
The oviduct is very easy to use, non greasy, and covers the area very well. Plus the insects do not land on the skin that is covered with the product.
These lens wipes work really well and we're very happy with them. Good price for so many of them.
Arrived on time and in good condition.  This works great for cleaning oil and grim off your hands.  I would recommend for shops.  Cheaper than other brands and work better.
They are needed because I have a stigmatism in both eyes.  I love how compact they are!
so far, so good. charges my batteries so I always have back up!
The Rhino boot cleaner was out of stock. We have one and love it. This one looked similar.  However it has one fewer horizontal brushed for the boot sole, and is shedding bristles.
Love these! I take care of my elderly mom and these are perfect for inbetween wash ups!
I have been taking suppliments for 40 years, and have FINALLY found an affordable multi that is great.  I am a loyal user and will be until I go toes up!!  I am healthy, even though my eating habits have not always been the best, and I attribute this to my Vitalert.
good item
I was pleased that this actually was compromised of firm plastic all over. I really like that the port where the oxygen is attached does not swivel.
I do not like the fact that they are not true to size. I could not get them on and the foot was way too small.
Have been using P21S on my Corvettes for years... Great product that shows well every time
I thought it was like I had years ago but things change ... I returned it, not a sticky and although it worked somewhat, not what I had expected.
Absolutely fantastic.  I use it daily when I shower.  Great relief for dry, itchy skin.
Not good at all,tasteless,like I am eating cardnoard. Will NEVER order this product EVER again!!
Great price, taste good and good packaging! Can not speak on benefits, just received! But I have been talking pollen for a while and it’s good stuff.
Loved these for my grad party! They were easy to set up and looked amazing.
We use this for a dog's very complicated medication regimen.  Makes it easy when two of us are involved in dosing and we know exactly what's been given and what needs to be given.  Convenient to set out a whole week's pills at one time.  No evidence of moisture, so it seems to be moisture-proof as advertised.
great tasting way to get vitamin c
Handy to have the week ready to go or just grab out the day.  The outer case provides additional assurance the meds stay in place while packed.
Tire broke while installing. Requested replacement or refund and was told I could only get $11 and would have to return and pay for shipping and handling. Damaged goods, poor customer service and still can’t use my wheelchair with no tires.
Puff and durable
This is a delightful smelling air freshener.
This is like putting white out on your teeth . Don’t waste your money !
So cute! These are the same size as a standard zippered sandwich bag, and made from the thicker plastic similar to a ziplock freezer bag.  I used them for a Sesame Street birthday party as treat bags and they were perfect!
Product came within days, WELL before the estimated time, it is everything I wanted! Really I couldn’t be happier, I will definitely recommend this seller 💜
These buds are must have if you have babies or toddlers at home!! Quality is good and need not worry of poking the little ones' ears!!
This is quite the large icepack. It stays cold much longer than most. It doesn't sweat excessively. Probably the best part about it though is the larger than average cap opening that makes it SO much easier to fill. Great purchase.
It is not a good mask.  It is not waterproof.  It is very thin material.  Not recommended to buyers!!!
Bought for my daughter she cannot sleep with out it now!
Bought this for a friend and it works great. Also try looking for a shirt with drain holder pockets. The mesh holder is good but my friend uses a ziplock bag for the shower and then puts them in the mesh bag. Maybe try to find something water resistant to avoid getting too much water on them?
I was apprehensive to order any compression stockings online but I did order these and I am so glad I did. The quality is great and they fit as expected. Wash well. I just let them air dry. If you are looking for a less expensive compression stocking you should buy these. Beats paying 100.00 plus at the doctor's office!
These containers are very similar to Glad or Ziploc products.  While they are reusable, they definitely feel like the kind of product that ends up being thrown away after a few uses.  If you want to decrease your plastic use or help the environment, glass bento type boxes are probably the way to go.  That said, these are very convenient.  They have two separate sections for food.  They seal well.  I did have some issues with the lids warping in the dishwasher.  Overall, for the price, a decent product.If you found my review helpful, please click YES below.  Thank you!
I really like this large lunch bag. It is insulated. It has a smooth double zipper and has a small outer pocket. The top is hinged and opens wide. The handles are thin, but feel solid. It comfortably holds a 6 pack of drinks or a large lunch with ice pack. The grey color is neutral and pleasant. Highly recommend.
I have Type II diabetes, so am always looking for ways to cut my blood sugar levels. I was offered this product for free as part of the Amazon Vine program, so I did not really pay any attention to how much it actually sold for. Once I got to the point of writing a review I ended up having to take it into consideration though.This product is basically just 99% carbonated water with a few amino acids and chromium thrown in. If you have any half-decent diet or take a decent daily multivitamin you are already getting hundreds of times the amount of aminos and chromium that these cans contain and more than you actually need, so it really is not adding anything that you are not already getting.The rest is just carbonated water, which has an extremely nice taste and texture to it, but is cheap and easy to find at your local grocery store. I can buy 12 oz cans of carbonated water (flavored or unflavored) at Safeway for less than 25 cents each per can. Yet this product sells for more than $2 per can, which is absolutely ridiculous. The Safeway water tastes just as good and comes in a wide variety of flavors. I'm sure that big box stores sell carbonated water for even cheaper than this. While this product tastes o.k., there is nothing "magic" in it and absolutely nothing that would justify paying 8x as much for it as you could find elsewhere.
I have tasted quite a few different wheatgrass drinks over the years. I even still have a wheatgrass juicer somewhere in my garage that I spent a few hundred dollars on. While wheatgrass may be very healthy for you, it honestly tastes horrible. You know that smell when the neighbor finishes mowing their lawn? That smell is exactly what whatgrass tastes like, minus the scent of gasoline.I have tried using or juicing wheatgrass at various points in my life, but those phases never seem to last long. Besides the horrible taste it causes me an upset stomach and leaves a very horrible taste in my mouth. I can't say as this product tastes any different than other powders or fresh juiced wheatgrass that I have had in the past. I was willing to give wheatgrass another try, but about 1 serving was all that I could take. I don't have anything against this particular brand. There's no way that I would order it again though. I've never noticed any positive benefits from the product personally though, so I can't honestly think of any reason to recommend it.
Easy to travel with and cleaned my clothes relatively well for a sink wash. Got the job done and I'm glad this is in my travel set now. I would recommend also bringing something to stop the sink drains as I found that not all sinks have this built in.
Was great until it broke which was only after using a handful of times.
Want nail clippers that don’t cut nails? Then look no further!I bought these to replace old nail clippers and the old ones cut better than these...
Great charcoal powder at a great price. We are very happy with it! We use it to make a face mask and enjoyed the results, eager to try it again.
I was so glad to find this supplement at this high dose.  I'm taking this several times a day now, every day, and can tell it is beginning to help with insomnia, foggy feeling, and concentration.  The main purpose in taking this, however, is long term, as it is supposed to prevent disabling memory loss.  And I'll do anything I can for that.  This brand seems to be top quality, and to know what they're talking about.
I'll stick to my beauty blender. This doesn't blend the makeup as well as I would have liked.
I love this, it's absorbent but not bulky. Does not take up a lot of room in my gym bag
Our pediatrician recommended that our children take Omega 3 supplements.  We have tried several different brands, and the kids say these have the BEST taste.  They say they taste like candy.  It is much easier to get them to take these since they love the taste.
These tissues come in the cutest containers.  The containers are slim with a pretty floral and bunny print.  The container is very similar in design to Clorox wipes - you pull one tissue at a time out.  The tissues are not the softest but the containers make up for it.
I used this on an off-white bench cushion we have in our home.  The directions are clear and easy to follow.  So far whenever we've gotten dirt or anything else on the cushion we've been able to just brush it off.  There is no smell and it's non-toxic.
These are so cute and a great value for the money. I have two daughters, so the 4 pack is perfect - we can usually find 2 at bedtime. They’re adorable and my girls LOVE them!
works great, easy to set up. its perfect.
Originally purchased for travelling. Easy to pack and takes up little space. Had some left and started using on a regular basis. Does a great job. Takes up far less space in my tiny laundry room than those big tubs of detergent. Never makes a mess.  What more can I ask for?
LOVE this product and that it's offered on Amazon!
Work great on muscle cramps and sore muscles
i mean its a working scale. works great. looks nice in comparison to my crusty bathroom. love that
Since we installed Provenza oil finished floors I wanted to ensure that they were maintained the way the manufacture recommended. I use this product because that is what the manufacture recommends, but it is extremely pricy in my book.  The product separates quite a bit and yes, I know you are supposed to shake it, but at times I wish I had one of those paint can shaker machines to shake the product up.  I get a good workout with all the shaking required. :-) I'd like to find an alternative to the product.
Full disclosure, I got a huge discount to try these and review them. They are more than worth the discounted price, but not the &#34;list price&#34;, nor the &#34;price&#34; listed (and crossed out). They are probably worth the &#34;sale price&#34;.These bottles are solid blue glass. The blue is a vibrant, shiny blue.They arrived in great condition, securely packaged in the box. They are a great size for putting diluted essential oils for on-the-go aromatherapy.I cannot give them five stars because I prefer roller bottles with metal rollers because essential oils break down plastic over time. That isn't a huge issue as long as you make sure to dilute the oils heavily with a fatty oil, as suggested on the package. Don't make more than you would use in 1-3 months.Another thing that contributed to the reduction in stars was that the Amazon ad said that a free e-book was included. There was no information on how exactly to get the e-book.
Dont get this! I have tried to write a review for this product but they keep taking it down.When I got it, i had a card in there that said if i were to leave a 5 star review, i would get a rebatediscount.Otherwise, it's not all that special. The squeeze function is uncomfortable and the vibration isnt all that strong..
I went from the Legion Pulse preworkout to this and I can say, that this really gets me going strong even after an hour.
Horribly useless glasses. I tried them on and they were so tight and flimsy i couldnt keep them for longer than a few minutes. Went to start a return process and even though when i bought it, it was eligible for return, now they arent letting me and im within the 30 day period. Im furious at the waste of money on this product. It just doesnt work and isnt comfortable.  They arent bendable, so theyre a struggle to put on your ears.
Great for cramps and comfort. Helped reduce cramp levels. And provide warmth all day.
Wasn't what I thought it was, had a hokey way to attach to the tool.
Cuts my entire head of hair to 1.2 mm.
Great for camping or your purse for any cleanups. I don't think it's worth the money though - they're not SO high quality that it's worth it. Individual packing and natural is why I liked them, but won't be repurchasing.
Cute for a little girls party
This is a great diaper that has not failed us yet (you know what I mean by fail #babypooponmypants). The tabs secure well to the diaper and fit our daughter perfectly. It's nice to have a diaper without some of the chemicals that exist in others. The only thing I wish it had is that cool little yellow line on the huggies that turns blue when the diaper is wetdirty. Not sure if that could be utilized on a natural diaper. Otherwise, no complaints here!
I've been taking 3 tablespoons of this about every other day for about 2 months.  There is no doubt it is the real deal.  I do feel better, but I personally have had unfavorable results.  For one, I was one of those people who gained weight very easily from taking it. I don't know why.  I wasn't underweight.  I have also noticed that my cycle, which has always been off since I was a teenager and had somewhat regulated after the birth of my daughter, is now sporadic again.  I went 40 days last cycle and now am at like day 46 and still no period.I will continue taking this and probably purchase again.  It isn't  The Maca's Team fault my body is reacting this way, but my body IS reacting and that means the powder is working.  I will finish the bag and hope my body settles down.  It might take awhile as I started this powder with a pretty big hormonal imbalance.
Perfect for a very small bottle of powder.
good product , do the work
Sorry, but this one is a bust. The plastic is too hard and not flexible enough. Won't stay closed around my hair. Can't imagine it working for anyone.
This seems to work fine for making e-juice. Came sealed in a sturdy bottle. Slightly sweet. I'll be buying more.
This are HUGE. I tie a know on one corner and they don't fall out when the trash is taken. You can reuse them until they get really dirty and smelly.
I am enjoying this product so much.  It is something I use nearly every day and every time I do, I count my blessings.  The quality is exceptional and the cost is so much less than the small packages I have used in the past.  If you are after comfort, warmth, great price and superior customer service, you will find it all right here.
This book rocks my socks! I'd give it a milion stars if I could. Your first book was hilarious and this one is too. Trust me I know because in an alternative universe this book is out and my alternate universe self loves it too. So you've already done the thing and it was fabulous. Seriously Allie hope everything is ok. Your first book was the greatest hug I've ever received. I just want to thank you! &#60;3 Will wait forever...will be worth it. If I die before this comes out someone read this to me at my grave. Seriously, my alternate universe self is a douche and won't let me borrow her copy.
I did not order this for myself but the individual who is using the smelling salts has been very happy with the results. I've been told this is how smelling salts should be. So, on her behalf, I highly recommend to those looking for a good smelling salt.
I specifically bought this because even after 13 years the plastic hose on my old Waterpik doesn't hang parallel to the wall of the shower, but sticks out into the shower area.  I finally had enough, so I bought this, thinking it was coiled metallic material like on another showerhead we have and would lay parallel to the wall.  This isn't, and it doesn't.  It's thick smoked gray-colored plastic AROUND the coiled metalblack, and, you guessed it, protrudes out away from the wall into the shower stall.I bought this specifically to get the better hose that would lay flat, and Waterpik's web site shows it with that hose very clearly.  It turns out that's an extra cost item, just under $20, not the hose you receive when you buy the shower head.  It's also chrome look so not going to perfectly match this nickel look shower head.I can't say how this works for water pressure other than to say I removed the red flow inhibitor and also the white screw in piece that keeps it in place, and the water pressure was fine.  I never used it with them in, but I know from past Waterpiks it's pretty lame until you remove the flow inhibitor.Other than the hose complaint, it works well enough, and you should be able to find a setting that works well for you.
These are SOOOOOOOO tiny and cute and great size for travel, but REALLY hard to dispense from. I filled one each with lavender, peppermint, frankincense, Purify, Serenity, Sunny Citrus, and tea tree. NONE of them would dispense even one drop. I had to shake, shake, shake (you don't get a very accurate portion that way), and sometimes I'd see a film develop on the water of my travel diffuser so I knew *something* had come out. But what a pain!!! No drops.  I'm at a loss for how to actually use the oils from these little jars. You can't use a dropper unless you use separate ones for each oil (and of course take off the reducer), otherwise you'll contaminatemix due to residue of each oil in the dropper., and who is going to carry around 8 droppers? How do you get these to work??? Suggestions?
Gets out all sorts of stains!
But did not fit my eyelash curler. I didn't realize they weren't all the same size.
I bought this twice. The first time it was so clumpy. The second time still had clumps but way less, I think the first bag was older, the new bag fresher. I used this 2-3x daily as a poultice for about 6 weeks and my 9mm displaced fracture was fused 7 weeks post break. I used it in combo with the homeopathic symphytum, 1 pellet in my water daily. Great product but so so clumpy.
This fish oil has a pleasant, light orange taste.  I will repurchase it!
Purchased this as a gift for my mom for her new car. She collects swans and was VERY excited when she opened it. Great purchase!
I did not expect them to be of such nice quality. I bought about 40 of them in total to give as gifts to those who take my Face Fitness class.
It tastes fine. I like that the company has a &#34;Supplement Facts&#34; as opposed to a &#34;Nutrition Facts&#34; label. Which means the label is held to a very high standard to be accurate. With all the competition out there for this kind of product, this is a strong competitor.
These may work fine for you. For me, if I put a little too much tension on the strap attachment points they fold and release the mask.
This is a fantastic product for getting stains out of fabric. I have a special occasion tablecloth made of white denim with lots of embroidery done after each use. Despite spilled wine and gravy from these dinners, soaking the tablecloth overnight in Biz has kept it looking almost like new without fading the embroidery.  I use it on everything that has been soiled, stained or is tired- or yellow-looking.I think it works better than Oxy-clean. I've find it hard to find in brick or mortar stores.
These are a nice assortment of sanding twigs. I use for sanding metal clay before firing. The price is a little high given I found a much larger quntity on another site for less per twig. But, given I wanted these fast, it was worth it to buy them here with my free shipping.
On a ketogenic diet, you drink a lot of water and you lose a lot of water so you constantly have to replenish your electrolytes. This solution contains the perfect balance of minerals that you need and they're in a concentrated form so you can easily carry the bottle with you in your gym bag or purse. The dropper has measurements marked on it so you can tell how much you're taking. You just add it to plain or sparkling water. It tastes a little salty, but that's to be expected - salt is good on Keto. It replaces 4 individual supplements I was taking and I like that it's portable. It would also be very useful for anyone who is doing heavy workouts, sports or work outdoors in hot weather. Highly recommended.
This thing is huge--I wasn't expecting that. It will hold like 10 pills. I only have three so it's much more than I wanted.
I used this on my patio cushions, I wished I would have used it the first year I had them, they would not be a bit faded.  Get this when you oder your cushions
Beautiful color and big flakes! I love this product. If I ever run out, I will buy more without hesitation!
Honestly the best thing to clean tubs with!
The smell is awesome, not at all overpowering like regular bathroom cleaner. Works very well at keeping the tub clean with no scrubbing! Just make sure to take 10 seconds and rinse the walls of any soap or residue before getting out - other wise the cleaner won't be able to get to the actual shower wall.
Really absorbs liquid quickly and controls odor if used in a commode.
This mask is just far too over engineered. The thick metal piece is very uncomfortable and the mask has too much fabric. This all adds up into a very heavy mask that digs its metal into your nose and feels super bulky.Added bonus, the stitching here will block your vision when looking down.The ads got me good...but here I am warning you, it does not live up to the hype.
I'm on my second box of this.  It makes the fermented vegetables have a much better flavor than run of the mill fermented veggies.  I use the recipe recommended (adding juiced celery) and also add some Himalayan salt.  Super tasty!
I bought this for my sister, who is onto special effects makeup, as a birthday gift. In the description it says that this item is ammonia free which was exciting because she always complains about her eyes burning because of the ammonia. I just opened the package and on the ingredients list is ammonia hydroxide and ammonia! I'm sure she will still love the liquid latex but it's disappointing that it has ammonia in it. I will not repurchase this.
These bottles are perfect for blending your essential oils. The size, 10 ml, is great for home use or for travel. I will only use glass bottles for EO blends, and prefer dark or colored bottles as the light won't affect the contents. When ordering colored bottles, it is important that the bottles are colored glass and not just color-coated or painted glass. These are colored blue glass. The roller snaps on securely, and after I filled the bottle i laid it on its side for 15 minutes to make sure it didn't leak. It didn't. The roller is very smooth, and glides gently and easily, not always the case with other bottles from other manufacturers. The price was very competitive, and with Amazon Prime free shipping, the order arrived quickly. I am very pleased with these bottles and will definitely order from this supplier again.
Cleans way better than conventional solution.
I've gotten this lol from this brand before and love it. I use it on my face as my sole product, and my skin is radiant.This time, though, the product is unsatisfactory. It smells and looks like rancid almond oil. It does not have the color or smell of pumpkin seed oil in the least.
Exactly as advertised and fits perfectly. Also fits my Merkur 34c. Razor a bit short but fine. Expensive considering the low cost of the razor.
I am trying to eat lower carb and I have been amazed by how many carbs many protein bars have in them. I found this bar on Amazon and decided to order based on the reviews. This is DELICIOUS. It tastes remarkably similar to a candy bar, and the texture and chew is so satisfying. Everyone in my household loves these. I have reordered twice after my initial order!These are not the lowest carb bars I have found, but the carbs are doable and the taste is fantasic, so its a win-win for me. I haven't tried other flavors because this one is so good! I highly recommend them.
I don't know what I expected from these, but it was something more delicious than what I got. Let's be real: these are seaweed granules. And that's just what they taste like. I mix them into my daily bone broth, but they generally sink to the bottom right away. So the last bit of broth is always full of gritty granules that taste like the ocean floor. Not great, but hopefully they're at least good for me.
I got the giggles as this thing made my daughter’s hair and scalp quite literally “squeaky” clean! Her hair is insanely thick, but very fine, and also long. We’ve been battling dandruff for years, and tried everything. This has been a terrific help, and it somehow doesn’t tangle her hair in the process! I’m absolutely stoked on this thing, and so grateful I stumbled across it.
I drink coffee everyday and have notice more staining on my teeth so I decided to try the charcoal powder. It is definitely a messy process but wipes away really easily. I totally forgot to take a shot of my teeth for a before.  I have used it 3 days in a row and believe my teeth at a shade or two  lighter.
Love this product! It works as intended and works really well. But one problem I had was the residue it left on your nose and if you get it on your lenses it takes forever to clean off. You could say "well don't get it on your lenses, duh!" But when you're going about day to day tasks as well as the daily touching and readjusting you do, it will eventually get on your lenses. Be sure you have wet wipes but you'll be cleaning them for a good while trying to rub that stuff off.Still, it is a good product and I'll keep it on hand should I need it.
Smooth.  Right size.
If you MUST save on space, consider these laundry soap sheets.  I will be honest, though... hotel bar soap and baby wash made my clothes smell (and therefor feel) cleaner to me when doing laundry in the sink.  The soap sheets were easier to rinse out than the alternatives, but I do appreciate a good sudsing.  One time during our trip I ended up with a shirt so stinky (after one day on a train... and I am not a stinky woman usually!) that these sheets made the shirt a lost cause.  I'll blame it on the Turkish food, but man, these things could not keep up.  I ended up trying a combination of hand sanitizer, bar soap, this stuff, and Downy spray, but the initial wash seemed to &#34;set&#34; the stink.
My wife recently died and elected for her remains to be cremated. When I made the arrangements, the arranger suggested I shop around for an appropriate urn. He said he would be happy to sell me one, but that I might find something more suitable elsewhere.So, I turned to Amazon for help. This urn was perfect for my beloved wife. She loved birds and the birds on this urn were perfect.When I received the urn, I was very pleased with the quality of workmanship. I believe the design is hand-hammered. It might be machine hammered, but it is not a computer-guided work -- a human guided the work.I really like this urn and am pleased that I chose it.Edit: I corrected a couple of typographical errors.
LOVE IT. so fresh and coconut is wonderful
Doesn't really do anything and it broke soon after purchase.
These fit very well. They do reduce noise, but also muffles sounds you want to hear. Definitely just a reduction, not full hearing protection.
Bought these to help us save money on Dyer sheets. Our water has a certain smell so we wanted dryersheets, however it got expensive. These dryer balls are great! placed a couple of drops of lavender essential oil and my family is raving about how good our clothes smell.
Great price for two and does the job.
See disclaimer below:This Glucosamine Chondroitin MSM combination is great! I wanted to try it because I have a lot of joint pain and am seeking a diagnosis for Ehler's Danlos, a connective tissues disorder, so I'm trying to find things that will support joint health and maybe help relieve a little of the back and knee pain I experience. I know that this company has really high-quality products and I've been very pleased with this one. The gelatin capsules are so much easier to take than the big pills I've bought over the counter in the past and there is very little smell and no taste. I have to take a lot of medicine already so that is a huge plus for me. It also helps cartilage health, immune system, and hair, skin, and nails. So it covers a lot which I appreciate. Less supplements to take is always better in my book. I highly recommend this product, especially for the joint health as I have begun to notice a difference in my knees particularly.
Happy that it comes with a small booklet on how to stretch with it. Rolling my back on this and hamstrings feels great! Does a great job of decompressing spine. Glad I went with this product. Really hope it does not chip or damage easily.
These were great for my birthday, I definitely would recommend it for anyone looking for decorations!
Didn't feel much change in the fridge
This is a solid heating pad and I love the size. The heat level options are great and it is really soft.
Everything works as it should.
OK scale, seems to be a little inaccurate, same reading three days in a row. But for the price it will do.
Awesome product! No odor. Glasses stay where they need to be. Simple solution to a constant problem!
Only issue with this tissue package group is that there are quite a bit fewer in box now...so run through boxes like water.
Duplicate, needed in two rooms, kids fight over stars no more!  Thank you for posting sale.
Awesome product! No odor. Glasses stay where they need to be. Simple solution to a constant problem!
This thing is horrible.  I can get over the fact that it didn't fit my hair dryer.  I had to cut it to get it over the dryer nozzle, but the dang think kept blowing off my head.  I had to sit the dryer on the arm of the chair so that I could hold the bonnet on.  Finally I gave up and tied a walmart bag around my head and cut a whole in for the dyer.  I played with this thing for over 30 minutes.  Since I cut it, I can't return it, but very disappointed.
I bought this iron because it had great reviews and I keep seeing the THYME flat iron in my facebook feed, but didnt want to spend a fortune on trying it out.  It takes some getting used to, you do need to twist the iron as you go but not much. I did get an instant curl, though you have to be careful not to flatten too much (hold in place too long). THe iron seems like nice quality, easy to turn on and change temps, and I like the lights as it heats up. It is pretty too, and has a good weight to it. I just got it so I cant speak to it lasting, but for the price I am happy!
Be very careful with this product.. I read the reviews that said there was no bad side effects, no jitters, etc. Yesterday I took half of one pill before lunch (to test) and that was the worst day I've ever had. I had to leave work early and spent all day in the bathroom with diarrhea. I had pain every 10-15 minutes in my stomach. I was about to go to urgent care but the pain started to appear every half hour or so. Had to miss work the next day.Please be careful with these pills! I am not sure what happened, but it might be that I am that sensitive to caffeine (and I drink soda a lot).
These look good and feel good. I use them while road biking and it allows me to not just have protection from the rays of the sun but also be able to clearly read my bike computer.
This works great for when you're in a pinch and need to quickly shave without getting a shower. I've used to quite a few times on my legs already. It works well and gives a pretty close shave. I feel like it is a little bit "pinchy" but not enough to actually bother me and maybe that's just user error. I love that it's re-chargable and you don't have to replace any batteries.
This eyelash curler works pretty well. I find it better to use after I apply mascara, BUT it does "melt" the mascara a little bit. It gets pretty warm, has a few different temp settings and has an automatic shut-off. I don't think I like it quite as much as a regular lash curler (which I warm up with my blowdryer) but it does a good job.
I usually slip these heel protectors on my bare feet before putting socks on, and because they're a bit thinner than other ones I've tried, I can wear them with tighter shoes that I wasn't able to wear heel sleeves with before. They add a little cushion every time you take a step, which reduces strain on your heels and helps relieve pain from plantar fasciitis. Massaging your feet is important when treating plantar fasciitis, and this set comes with a small ball you can roll under your feet for a massaging effect.
Bought these for a photography safari to Botswana.  It's very important to drop my sunglasses off my face quickly to get an action shot.  I think these Holdies will do the job for both my husband and me.  We don't want to losebreak our glasses while getting that once-in-a-lifetime shot.  I like the streamlined look of the Holdies.  Leaving in a week for the month long trip.  Thanks for sending them in a very timely manner.
This seemed like a silly purchase but after ruining two pairs of glasses in a week because I set them down and then broke them because I didn't see them, it seemed like I had to do something. Now my glasses only go in one of these. One on my desk and the other near where I'm reading.
Not as good as the Aquacel Extra AG, but these are MUCH less expensive and work just fine on their own. Save the super pricey ones for MRSA and stuff.
Just like the product from so many years ago! Great!
A tool that you can use to see your ear’s outer canal, maybe your nostril or inside your mouth?  Yes, this one maybe.Unfortunately, the app is so buggy and unusable. Due to this, the camera is useless since it will only work with the apps.  Please see the photos of the iPhone screenshot of the apps.If you want to know some details here they are:The package comes with the following:a) Otoscope (the camera)b) Short USB-CUSB-A charging cablec) Additional silicon tipsd) Various toolsThe outer tip of the camera has a place where you can plug in a silicon tip. The tip is a little bit harder. I wish it is softer to prevent any damage to our eardrum in case the tip is accidentally over-extended. Anyways, the purpose I think is to use it to scoop any ear wax that we may find.The bottom of the camera handle has an open USB-C port. The charging cable provided is too short so you may want to use your own cable. Note that a USB-A power brick is not included, you have to provide your own.The various tools are all in the same small plastic bag. Two are plastic, one is plastic brush and the rest are all metals. I am worried and will not use metals in my ears. I am wondering why they included those when there is also a warning on the included Otoscope Manual. Bullet 8 under NOTES says “8. Please do not use metal ear picks directly to remove ear wax.”This camera is useless without its apps. You need to download the app named “Suear” from Apple Apps Store if you have an iPhone. Android apps are also available but for this test, I am using an iPhone. As I mentioned earlier, the app is so buggy and unusable. Making this product useless. Stay away from this product until they fixed their apps.
I have bought this product in the past in several colors, and let me just say I only use it on my toenails. I am not a fingernail polish girl - I have never been able to get ANY brand to stay on my fingernails for even a full day. This polish stays great on toenails though. It is actually more durable than conventional polish.I bought this in the Vintage Merlot color this time and it is stunning. It is a creamy dark red with purple undertones (pretty true to merlot color). I wasn't expecting to like it so much. It is almost a dead ringer for my old favorite OPI nail polish, Mrs. O'Leary's BBQ. I am more than happy with this nail polish.
We love the new scale!  It post our weight each day onto our Fitbit app. The scale is helping us live a healthier life style.
works as it should...plenty of coverage...doesn't feel like it will fall off.
It's the standard for a reason, but boy do they know it.
I love to bake and often have brought treats to work in the past.  During the pandemic we were not able to bring in anything that wasn't individually wrapped.  I had been looking for something to bring in cupcakes, but most were cost prohibitive.  When I found these I was happy to see that they were much less than the others I was looking at (and not having to buy a huge amount as was the case with commercial containers).  These were just great, and I received lots of compliments.  I've already ordered another box.
These are the best shower scrubs I’ve ever used ! I love them. This is my second purchaseof these. They are exfoliating.. but soft, and they larger up very nicely without falling apart. Great deal.
Brew it with hot water, it helps with lung cleaning.
Works but loses shape quickly.
Wrappers leak coconut oil. Packaging attracted ants.
Great protein bars. Great flavor.
Tasty protein bars. Hard to decide which flavor is best.
I really like this product. I was concerned about the small size of the compartments, but I found that it holds my prescription meds, which are the most critical. I can keep my larger supplement pills in another container and take them separately. I take one star off because there are a couple of compartments that don't stay closed without bullying, but out of 124 compartments, 122 good ones seems pretty good to me. The daily container is small enough to tuck into my purse so I can always have it with me when dosing time arrives. I found it quite easy to load up, and now I have a full month ready so I have no excuses.
cute for girls who loves playing saxophones
Perfect for Trauma nursing!
I ordered the Lightening X stocked EMT bag. This bag $70 cheaper than putting it together myself (not including the bag). The items that need to be quality are. Loved all the flaps and pockets of the bag.
Great buy on a terrific cleaning product!
A great product! You get that great ginger taste wothoiy all the chopping!
I have a couple of shoes that rub bunions — it works as advertised.  I have also used it to keep sticky zippers working.
Exactly as pictured and described. Recommended if you need good quality boric acid.
Doesn't smell like lemon essential oil at all to me. Smells very fake. I think I should have been wary to buy such a large bottle for such an inexpensive price.
I love these! Found them while traveling through Ireland and now cannot use anything else!
TERRIBLE product. I've tried to use it several times--every time it's completely messed up my nails. The fingers are too long and bulky. Great idea--but don't bother if you have small hands.
Super soft and a good price.
I just received my first order of JUNP and I'm so excited to have found it!  My uncle, who works in the medical field, recommended it to me.  After being a long-time Liquid IV user, I  was looking for something less expensive but just as good.  I'm really pleased to see that JUNP contains even more variety and quantity of necessary electrolytes than the Liquid IV product.  I also like the "texture" of the JUNP in my water better.  JUMP is less sweet, but just as delicious, and I love that it comes in a small canister that is easy to store...it doesn't crowd my pantry.We go through a LOT of electrolyte mix around here with 2 high school athletes!  My husband and I are also in our 40s and have to be more conscious of our nutrition, and the JUNP will help us with natural hydration and energy so we can avoid caffeinated sodas.
What can you say about this product? Hopefully it does what it says it does.
I used it as a roller!!
I couldn't get this device to stay put in the toe box of my shoe once it was inserted and expanded,  and so it was  not useful at all  Am returning it.  (Also,  after having read other reviews, which suggested this device may be too big for some shoes, I even ordered a size smaller than indicated by my shoe size. Even so, it was impossible to jam it all the way into the toe box, and then when it was expanded, it slipped out even farther.)It's a design flaw.  If it had an adjustable wood block on the other end of the threaded bolt, that could be used as an abutment against the back of the shoe and it would keep the device in place. With that design change,  I think this device would work well. But as it's currently designed, I found it useless.
I am usually in ketosis.  But when I cheat, I cheat and fall out with sugars and breads.  I know, it’s the worst thing I could fall out with.At night, after a cheat day, I will wake up and have to jump out of bed to the worst calf cramps I have ever had.  This magnesium is the only thing that has taken care of this issue.So now the pain of cheating is only in the regular pain, like weight gain, guilt, the three days of fasting with gross glycogen hunger pangs.
Works fantastic!
Latch closure not secure. Pops open.Had to put a rubber band around it.
This works so well and the hairs are preserved well without being crumbled. I'm  saving the nose hairs to make custom false lashes to sell on Etsy.
This is especially helpful when popping pimples on the neck of the person in front of you on the bus. Keeps you from actually having to touch them.
this is a great product, freshens up almost everything!  fast shipping
I held off on buying 13 cottons because I figured it couldn’t be good for vaping! It’s Amazon cotton and it’s cheap, but don’t let that deter you! I tried many different brands, including cotton bacon prime, cloud 9, wotofo cotton, goose cotton, etc etc. This cotton keeps up with the best and has become a favorite of mine!! It has very little break in time, lasts a long time, and the flavor on it is as good as the best cottons!  Don’t hesitate, you won’t be disappointed.. I sure wasn’t!!
Product was as described
Perfect for icing my lower back when inflamed with arthritis!
It worked, the problem was my tooth wouldn't hold for more than a day, but for that one day it was helpful!  I did get to feel confident in fro t of guests.
I purchased this for my desk chair and it raised it up so high I could not sit in the chair comfortably.  I did not return it, but I do not use it.
Nice plates & napkins for a birthday celebration.
Bottle arrived on June 2 but had an expiry date of April 2020 !
Only thing is, I have a pacemaker and you can’t use this product with a pacemaker. Therefore, it’s useless to me.  My husband LOVES it for his back and legs though.  So it turned out as a great present!  Lol
Got the bundle because it was cheaper than just toilet paper. Garbage bags aren't amazing but they do the job
I reordered this after good results from my first order.  Some people have difficulty getting the powder to dissolve.  The company sent me directions and assurances that it will gradually dissolve and gel.  The directions say to add a small amount of the powder in cold distilled water.  At first it will be clumpy and cloudy, but after a few hours in the refrigerator it will clear and gel.  I then dilute it to the thickness I want.  I was told it will be OK at room temp for a week and in the frige for weeksmonths.  Their customer service is very helpful and the gel itself is so good for my face.  I use it night and day with a general face cream.  I does not bother my skin at all, whereas other products with other ingredients (preservatives?) would cause my skin to sting a bit.  I also use this as a topical cream for my knees and wrists in hopes this will help with my arthritis.  It can be taken internally also, as I am told.
I absolutely love this. Smells so good and makes for a very good nights sleep. I just spray the bed every night
Very high quality light. I use it at my main sewing machine. Makes a big difference. Will definitely be ordering more to put at my other machines.
Great toothbrush. Soft. My dog tolerated it very well.
It came already opened, which is gross. I never listen to these types of reviews because of course this doesn't always happen and I'm the unlucky one. But it's very disappointing because I was really looking forward to using this.
Very nice set.  Good smooth filing.
It’s SO hard to find a chapstick that is both cruelty free and vegan, so while I did consider these a bit pricy for chapstick it’s definitely worth it!!! Most of the flavors are amazing- I especially love the peach coconut one. However, the patchouli one is kind of strange. It smellstastes like I just smeared incense on my lips, and not in a good way. It almost has a smell that seems like it should not be going on my lips. Like I said though, the other scents are amazing and very moisturizing. Definitely will be buying more of these!
Wery good and quality cotton.
I put one in my tiny office and another in my living room to help with cigarette smoke and animal odors.  I have not noticed one bit of difference in the smell of my home since I put them in.  I gave them two months, and now of course, cannot return them.  There is absolutely no change in either room and both rooms have no change in the air quality.
The blue color is darker than pictured but it will work nicely for my glasses. Seems to be well made.
Like the size of the pills, not too big. Taking for stomach issues. So far I think they are helping. So grateful!
Two pak Wein 1.35v batteries.  Followed instructions, removed tab, let batteries set for over 30 mins. before using in camera.  Zilch.  Dead.  Replaced with different brand battery, camera worked fine.  Very disappointed with the Wein product.
Absolutely love this! I've bought so many curling irons and ended up throwing themOut because they don't get hot enough to curl my hair. This definitely does the job! I got the perfect curls with this and I just received the item yesterday curled my hair for a Photoshoot with my son. I have a lot of hair and thick hair and I didn't have a hard time what so ever. Highly recommend. Also got here right on time
I have long, thick hair having said that these things are worthless! They are hard, stiff plastic, have no give to them. I tried using them several times and couldn't get them to work at all! Waste of money!!
After purchasing gel gloves that did not fit, I decided to try these cotton gloves, which are a great value.  Of course, you use your own hand lotion and cuticle cream but they are comfortable to wear all night.  And you can wear the same pair many times given that you are putting them on clean hands!  So a dozen pair will last a long time!I haven't done it, but I presume that you could also use them for dirty work to keep your hands clean.
this is not good for clothes....
I really like these only wish some were a little smaller to fit my skinner metal straws, other than that they a great. Very pleased with this purchase.
Sturdy handle, firm bristles.I've had problems with handles breaking on plastic bath brushes, and soft, mushy bristles on woodennatural material brushes.Many wooden brushes also have problems with the brush head coming off the handle.
This hard-to-find completely clear liquid product is perfect for those who need a &#34;legal&#34; form of protein during a liquid-only diet prior to an ever-so-fun colonoscopy. For some unfathomable reason, you can buy &#34;Clear&#34; Ensure in &#34;mixed berry&#34; (i.e., red dye) flavor at the pharmacy, but you can't use that during the prep itself because redpurple dye in any liquid product used during the prep is strictly prohibited. I confirmed this directly with Ensure customer service. WHAT WAS THE MANUFACTURER THINKING?!?!  Although there is some delay in shipping, it's well worth the wait, if you have time to order this before your next procedure. I was unable to order it through my local pharmacy or large retail chain grocery stores. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! Great flavor, and very welcome protein vs. chicken broth, Jello, frozen lemonade, etc. as recommended by the doctor during the prep itself.
This looks good but Order was delivered without Cutter inside package
Awesome Set Perfect to have for Shoes that need Adjustment. Nothings Perfect but this set works for me!
I put it on with soaking wet hair. Helps define curls and tamp down Friz.
Works fine
These are fantastic quality bows and the best part is that they store flat so you don't have to worry about squishing them when they're stored. They are easy to make into a bow and are consistent so you always know each bow is going to look amazing! I use these bows on every present I wrap and everyone always comments on how beautiful the wrapping is done! My "secret" is these bows!
This is better than nothing. I have a garden tub with nonslip bottom. No one would be able to sit in a tub with a nonslip surface. It doesn’t stick too well on the fiberglass but I can deal with that. Overall, it makes the tub very inviting and serves my purpose.
Very good quality and it is highly concentrated. Use a drop at a time until you reach the scent strength you want. I like Radha Lemon Oil so much, as I run out of other essential oils I will replace as many as possible with this brand.
Came in a bubble envelope and were busted up. Smelled good though.
Helped with swollen legs and lymph nodes drainage
I have using this fish oil for years and would not think of switching.  It have very little taste of fish oil.
Item worked to keep my dog busy. It is very well made as it can withstand biting from a big shepherd and a small puppy. Using peanut butter is great but it can get hard to clean it but not impossible. Also, while on the ground it's good to use a solid surface and wet it a little bit otherwise it will continue to come off. So far it's a great tool to keep dog busy and supposedly clean their teeth at the same time.Updated review: company used my email address to send spam. Not good.
A really nice scale that compliments the fit bit flex, I purchased a few weeks prior. I tested it by comparing the reading to the expensive scales at the gym, and it was right on.
You won’t know “Who done it?” until the last chapter.  Written in British country dialect. Great bedtime read.
Hard to read, otherwise, probably as accurate as any home scale.
Sent back would not fix my glasses.
I have this thermometer for 13 months and thanks god my kids are super healthy and they barely got sick. My daughter got sick yesterday and had a very high fever and this thermometer was like a joke. It gave me consecutive readings like 104.5 - 103.7 - 101.9- 101.2- I tested both ear and forehead and no luck. I knew she had a very high fever but I wanted to know exactly how much, but with this thermometer that was not possible.I tried to call the customer service because they usually want to make the customer happy...but not this time.They told me that as the warranty expired one month ago and they could not do anything. I get that...but I just thought a 24$ thermometer will last More than one year... So I guess I need to buy another thermometer, but I'm not buying Innovo ever again!
Smells heavenly!
I could tell with only wearing the Iasulet a short period of time that it has plumped my skin. I use it with a moisturizing cream and use rose water spray. Love this skincare product!! Will 100% repurchase.  Love the size! What a fantastic savings!! Happy customer. D:
There are greatmore comtfortable than a canemore supportiveWish they came in colors
These crumble faster and don't hold water as they used to. Will be looking for another brand.
I like this product, even better that it is talc free.  Love the scent.
Handle is very wobbly and the manufacturer will not all returns
Love these scrubbers, colorful and work well, NOT scented
as expected
Cut great so far time will tell how they last.
This stuff has been very helpful to me. I use it on psoriasis when nothing else helps, it calms the itch. I also use it on my boxer who has skin issues and ear problems. Since I bought this, I've only had her to the vet for an allergy shot once. I will definitely buy it again.
I use this along with other soaps as an inexpensive laundry detergent.  It works very well.
This is absolutely durable and is a fantastic idea.
A waste of my money, don't work at all
When I first started using Japanese organic for wicking RDAs, it was a premium material, now it got cheaper and that's one of the only things that has in the vape industry
Great stuff, but seems rub off easily which leads the need for several reapplications, but when on performs very nicely
This works great and it a great value. It doesn't take much to work.
The size is not 3.2 gallon. More like 2.4 gallon. Will not fit any of my 4 small bathroombedroom trash cans. The first bag tore in half when I tried to pull it off the roll. The second split down the side when I tried to put it in a small 3 gallon trash can. I will not buy them nor would I recommend them at any price.
I bought this some time ago as an Amazon today deal. This is such a wonderful spray. I could not afford the 29 dollars but it is worth every cent. Here is hoping for another today's deal
These chews have the same amount of turmeric in one, the same, mind you, as one square chew I was buying at a much higher price from Sam's Club. Dosage is two tablets, but I only eat one per day, since that's all I was taking with the other more expensive chews. I have an arthritic knee and turmeric is one of the treatments I use, along with Moringa, and exercise. Makes a world of difference.  Since I do all three things, hard to say what is doing the most good, but I went from thinking I would have to use a cane the rest of my life, to just occasional soreness.  So very thankful.
I have been looking for a nicer and easier alternative for a travel toothbrush and this fits the bill. It comes with an extra toothbrush head which makes it even more convenient for travel when it is both my husband and myself. The silver case is a nice touch too. There are alternate colors available if silver isn't your thing. The bristles on the toothbrush are soft and gentle on the gums. All you have to do is carefully fill the toothpaste area and you are done! There is a small hole in the middle of the bristles that lets the toothpaste out. I appreciate that there is a cleaning stick so I can remove any residual toothpaste if I am not going to use it for awhile.I did receive this product for free, but my reviews are always honest.
Very irritating to my scalp. Threw away
This is the best chair I've ever had..love the comfort.. the light weight makes it easy for my family to transport it and me.  THANKYOU
I got 2 of these stones completely different shades of the many shades of Irish green..my only problem is choosing which one to keep and which to give to my daughter..
When I read this book in the future, back when it hasn't been published yet, it changed my life!  But seriously, I already know I will love this book when it becomes available. Thank you Allie, for Hyperbole and a Half and all things created by your wonderful self. I'm super excited to see the new book. Hope you're doing well.
Very practice and useful tool, use it everyday!
So very soft, and makes a nice lather. A tad smaller than I expected, but I got used to it quickly.  Held up pretty well, shape-wise.  I will be reordering.
Useless; the spring is bigger and coarser than other brands I've tried, and didn't even epilate.  I felt nothing pulling or epilating when I used it, but did when I  immediately tried  my older wand from another company.  I threw these 2 away.  Thankfully, they were not expensive.  I've learned Bellabe is worth the extra money.
Works great
It is so rough and tore off my skin and started to bleed while i was walking. Had to remove it Midway and it was sticking to the socks. Bad experience and now I have to wait for healing before I put on my shoes. And these happened within 2 Miles walk. Never buy it if you have soft skin
This didn't have enough power to bring or air bubbles to make it racing.  It is now in my shed.
The ingredients in this product seemed sound and the product seemed like it would be effective; however, it was just another over-inflated diet product! Although it was supposed to be a natural product, it upset my stomach and apparently the green tea was a bit much for me and gave the the "jitters!" I could not get pass 1 pill a day because of how bad this product made me feel. Maybe that's why I did not see any results??? I would take it in the morning and be sick to my stomach throughout the day. It also caused difficulties sleeping, even though I was extremely tired by the time the jitters wore off! Because of my experience, I would not recommend touching this mess with a "ten foot pole."
I heard Mr Clean was great. I buy these cleaning blocks two for a dollar at a grocery store here in San Jose. They are 10 times better than mr. Clean I'm sorry I bought them they clean okay but nothing like others
I really needed a good set for my serger.  This is well made and gives you reach in those hard to reach areas.
Spend...but worth the Bucks! Really does a fabulous job if you follow the directions.
I tried these for 2 weeks, one per day.  I've been taking Kirkland Stool Softeners daily for 3 years and they work OK but wanted something a little stronger for my  constipation.  Major Dok 250mg softgels gave me cramps and runny stools.  I am headed back to Kirkland.
these stickers were so lovely and elegant.  I used them for Christmas cards that were blank inside.  I really loved them and would use them again.
A bit bigger than needed so it is clumsy to deal with. I would not pay that much again. These are as durable as a generic sandwich bag.
Don’t waist your moneyDoesn’t work at all
Perfect for carrying essentials!
I diet and walk for 30 minutes a day 5days a week. It's not a miracle pill. But if you change your eating habits and get a little active it will work over time.
Cinnamon mouthwash is a must in our household.  My husband loved cinnamon Listerene but that is no longer sold.  So I found this.  He actually preferred the Lavoris.  He said it has great flavor.. not too much alcohol.. just right.
I do not have large arms but I ordered the largest size available and they were too tight to wear.
Better than any lint rollers purchase at Walmart or other stores!!  I'll be purchasing these regularly!!  I have Shelties in my home - there's always hair to be removed and these work beautifully!!  This is my second order and I'm just as thrilled with the product as I was the first time!!
This came with no instructions, so I wasn't sure exactly how it was supposed to go. Because of that and that I had to look it up online it loses a star. Part of the reason it loses a star too is this is really really really hard on your neck, and if you already have sore muscles not going to feel very good. The reason it still gets four stars is because after a few days of using it, I realize how great it does work to relieve pain instantly when my pain is getting too much. It really must work to align stuff in a way that relieves pain. At least for me it did work. I did find putting a blanket over it then using it made it more comfortable and I got the same effects. So if you find it is a little too hard for you maybe try putting a nice little fleece blanket over it. It was hard to adjust to, but once I did I really liked it.
I like several things about these. They have the most beautiful natural smells. And just a couple drops in my diffuser. Awesome
From the picture, I thought it would fit just about any bathtub faucet.  It didn't fit mine at all and I can't return it.  Disappointed.
Each came with its own microfiber bag.  The red is my favorite.  I would definitely order again.  I have had them for over eight months and they are still in good condition.
Wish they were like the original Ohio Blue tips that would light off anything.  But still work ok
this was a reorder
A great addition to almost any bakery mix. Especially good combined with Capella Popcorn.
A great addition to the kettlekorn I already had. Together with graham and caramel makes a tasty vape.
Great in a smoothie
Love it and it fits my scooter great value.
Helped with recent surgery. Works as expected
Fantastic Product! This pill case is really good for people who need vitamins or medications 7 days a week. The bags are large enough to accommodate my medications and multiple vitamins. Labels on the compartment are large and easy to read. Great for travel too! A must for travelers.
Love them. They are the best on the market
Material is a little cheap and unfortunately looks it. It's fine, but isn't the best looking. Like the ombre color, but that's a little cheap looking too.
a hit at the party!
Bought some nice designer frames that look great, but don't always stay on my small nose.  I thought this would be the solution given all the hype over it.  But after I ordered this, I started the waiting game.  I received delays notices, then was given the option to cancel because it was going to take so long to receive.I decided to cancel, but the product has stayed in my queue as if I am still waiting for it.  I'll be checking my account to see if I was actually charged for this.  Grrrr.I would love the chance to try it, so if you're listening Nerdwax, please, send this.  Finally.
Product works fine, but the material isn't that strong. Product flexes way too easily compared to a similar product I have. Pretty small in comparison as well, but I would say this works best for females than males with more mass.
Great trimmer that worked well in shower. I still prefer a razor blade for a much closer shave.
Very surprised by this product. It works extremely well. Shaves and pulls hair very nicely. Gotta be cautious though when pulling hair and it took me several passes just to get everything. Very good, but could be better.
Works ... good value for the price
I have used it hot and cold on my hip. It makes it feel wonderful.  Stays in place and delivers the heat or cold exactly where it is needed.  Love it, use it often!!
Nice big containers
I weigh less than the max weight, had the chair less than 8 weeks and the bottom just shattered on me.
Nice product, but over priced, I found it at a big box store for half the price.
Very thin. Made from an odd material. I don't think they do anything. I've stacked a couple hoping for better results. Not worth the price.
Cute, lightweight, fits well.
Love them. Great being able to see the dashboard again.
These are awesome. My heavy wetter now sleeps through the night!
I have Plantar Fasciitis and it is very painful.  I hoped these insoles would give me some relief but they did not.  I tried to use several time and alternate with my original shoe inserts but didn't help at all.  Thanks.
Very portable and easy for on the go! This pump worked extremely well for me, easy to clean, put together, and charger! Great value for the price I used it while my little one was in the nicu and liked it better than the hospital pump. Definitely worth the buy!!!
I couldn’t find the other product I like to use within the time frame I had so I tried this. It’s just as good and smells great!
I really enjoy the quality of this product! It isn't cheaply made and looks good! I will definitely purchase again.
I love the fact that I can use this cage for my dog or cat! It’s easy to put together and Carrie.
Love the variety.  Little large but good.
I love how it fits and keeps the mask off your face
Very quiet and yet very efficient. Buy one you won’t be disappointed
Easy to attach. Smaller than I thought but it is still a good size. It is very sturdy too.
It is nice to be able to get the supplies I need without making many phone calls or wait for representive to bring to me. Very nice product, thanks.
I previously bought a small set of dental tools to use at home for removing plaque between my routine office cleanings. I ordered this set on a whim and I’m so glad I did. It is so much nicer than my old set! Each tool is very sturdy and is longer than any of the tools from my first set. The ones I’ve used so far work quite well. It would have been nice to have included some instructions though because this set comes with a lot more than my old one (which only had two tools plus the little mirror). I’m not sure what some of these tools are for. I’m sure they all have a specific special purpose, I just don’t have any idea what some of them are. This set comes in a nice case for storage or travel. I’m definitely glad I decided to get these.
It removes some of the pilling that gets on blankets, sweaters and other items that typically contain acrylic but it doesn’t do a great job. It’s better than nothing but you have to go over the item multiple times in order to remove a noticeable amount of the pills. It is easy to use and clean. Wish it worked a lot better but I’m keeping it because it’s definitely better than nothing.
*Update: Now that I've used this a little while and have gotten used to it, I upgraded my review from 3 to 4 stars.I guess I was expecting something different. I’ve had those metal head scratchermassage things before that feel amazing when you use them. This is meant to use in the shower when you shampoo your hair. I was thinking it would feel similar to the metal ones but would have an added benefit of being able to use in the shower. You are definitely able to do that with this and it feels decent on your scalp. The bristles are stiff though, not flexible like the metal ones, which feel amazing when you use them. I got this item for free as part of the Vine program and probably would not purchase this item for myself after using it. The price is good though and I’m probably going to try this with my dogs. I think it would make a great scrubber to use for their baths. It’s just not that great for me.
Stays on my lips rather than soaking in. The rose scent is overpowering and tastes like what I imagine potpourri would taste like.
These clippers didn't really do good for my shaggy Yorke's hair. They did fine using the main blade alone on the shorter groin hair when shaving so it would probably work for a short haired animal. Just not on shaggy Yorkie hair so for me I would not buy them again.
It’s much thinner than I was hoping for but should do the trick if I double or triple layer it.  But that will only make the usable length 13 what is listed.:
Threw it out
They start out kinda hard but quickly soften and are easy to chew. Very sweet in my opinion.Will probably buy again.
This goat milk bath was so luxurious. I purchase the 2 piece sampler and used the lavendar & rose. It doesn't have overwhelming aroma (if you're concerned about clashing with your perfume). My skin gets dried out in the winter and this soak made my skin so soft and moisturized afterwards that I didn't even have to apply lotion. The product dissolves completely and the bath water turns milky which I think gives you the total spa experience. Love the Five Sisters products and look forward to trying any new items they might bring out!
I love anything that keeps my teeth white - it’s not the most cleanest of products - chances are you will make a mess but the mess is definitely worth it
Tastes good and  works great!  Love it
This does not hold my essential oils in place at all. Every time I go to get them out if the container has been flipped over one time while moving it around all my oils will be everywhere. The holes are too big for my 5ml bottles.  Its a big disappointment to me and I will be looking for a different case.
Love this product.
I really only needed the Buffer Block, but this kit was so cheap, I ordered this instead. You get alot for the price. Very pleased. Was packaged nicely too!
Received them today, my husband uses them everyday as he has had multiple back surgeries. His last one has lasted for a few yrs and is pretty worn out. Came on day as promised.
I have been drinking a beer before bed with lots of hops to help me get to sleep. I thought I might try this instead but I would have to take about 8 for them to work so I am going to try the liquid.
I was really looking forward to receiving this item because of the way it appeared on the site. Unfortunately, my first night using it was a bid disappointment. The mask is soft and plush to the touch, however, when worn at night, the nose bridge part presses way too hard on the top of the nose and impedes breathing. If I loosen the strap (which is not velcro and gets tangled in the hair) the mask then is too loose and falls off the face. The pads press just too much on the bottoms of the eyes and make it uncomfortable to breathe and turn the head. The strap gets tangled in the hair because you can't velcro it over the back, you have to pull it over the head. The padding is weighted incorrectly and caused me discomfort while trying to breathe and sleep with it therefore I had to return it.  Maybe for less sensitive sleepers this might work - but this was advertised as designed for ultra comfort and sensitivity.
I use it mostly to clean my windows.  Cleans nicely and doesn't leave streaks.
This product arrived spoiled and sour. I will be returning it.
My husband was tired of using tennis balls for his walker so he decided to try this option.  The socks that go vet them for inside use ripped almost immediately.  Without the socks, they scraped my wood floors.  We ended up throwing them away.
My husband needed it to help heal his back using a wound vac.  The VA took forever to make a delivery which means I had to order it online.  It works well.
I really like these. They are similar to other brands but cheaper and I feel like they work better than other brands.They are somewhat hard to remove but thats with any brand. I did notice a whiter smile.
The don’t scrub like I wanted
came in just as described
used it once. then tossed it. did not curl my lashes
it is what is ya know i don't really care for it ...small can
easy to use, easy to carry with you and works..
ICan Icelandic Cod Liver is a good way to get nutrition and it is delicious.
I think this little air purifier works great. It is NOT noisy, as others have opined. There is a low grade, subtle whir that comes from the unit when it's running but not disruptive at all. With the purchase!
This stuff works great!  Helps clean out the coffee pot and keeps it brewing well!
These socks worked great for my father in law.  He had swelling in his legs and these helped relieve that really fast.
I’d give 5 stars, but this does not moisturize very well. Need to reapply often. I’ve been looking for a good vegan lip balm that works as well as Burt’s Bees, but this isn’t it, unfortunately.
When my mom was on oxygen these grips worked much better than expected. Once they were on, they stayed on — even when tossing and turning during sleep — unless she wanted to take them off. Anytime I asked her how they felt, she said she forgot all about them after a day or so. If you’re thinking about these for yourself or a loved one, I think you’ll be happy with these.
comfortable for sure.it will eventually fall off. but since it cheap so it is ok to use it as disposable.but the problem is the glue start to ooze out and get everywhere which is a pain to clean bc it is silicon.
I take Omega-3 daily for many many years. I came across this Brand and after reading the "Supplement Facts" I decided to purchase it. After using it for a while i decided that i will keep purchasing this brand instead of the one I used in recent years. It's as good as any other brand - I truly recommend it.
These vials are very expensive. The saline solution is ok. The packaging is TERRIBLE.  When the vial is opened, the hole in the vial doesn’t squirt directly down into the lens consistently, causing a lot of wasted product.  The vials do not stand vertically, so they leak or become contaminated.  I only bought this brand because Scleralfil was backordered.
I was ready to throw my shoes in the garbage. This saved them after 2 applications!
Nice size! Picks up dus like a pro. Comes with extra refill.
Nice lumbar support for my Computer Chair!
Cute and good quality for price. Pain in butt to put everything together! Make the poof balls, string the banner etc
I do not often eat nutrition bars but when I need to, these are the ones I select.  They are not too sweet, chock full of good little crunchy things and priced well.  I cannot find them in retail stores even tho I shop at "organic" groceries and wonder why they are not more widely available.
My 7 year old loves this. It had multiple settings and it helps him brush for a full 2 minutes.
I needed a "soupy" toothpaste for my new-fangled ultrasonic toothbrush. This is basically like a mouthwash. All liquid. I like the dispenser. And intend to make a liquid-y toothpaste and put into this dispenser. So basically, I bought an $8 dispenser. It was worth a shot. But I would say save your money.
I thought this would pad my golfer's elbow ulnar nerve when I sleep but after a few nights, the pain was worse. Perhaps the padding was too firm. I will keep it for other applications.
They are a ok replacement in a pinch
I really like the taste of the Nectar brand. This particular flavor was very tasty. I mix mine with fat free milk.
These have a great taste but after about 20-30 minutes I have the nasties belches. Can't say if they are working but I am still taking them.
Only minus is that the string you hang it by is short. Other than that it lathers up quick and leaves me clean.
Not a bad suppliment at all. Helps relieve some aches and pains in my knees. Over all a good suppliment
Eeasy to use. Tastes good and works great. Use it daily at work
Like this brand a lot and am happy I found it. Going to reorder again and keep taking this .
I heard so many great things about adding mushroom supplements to a daily vitamin routine so I gave it a go this brand has been working well and I can tell I'm more focused at work.
I did like this and its about 1 dollar a serving which is decent. There are other brands however that you can get a whole container with more then 30 scoops for the same or less money.These are easy to carry with you however if you travel or need to take it with you and dont want to carry a large container
Wonderful set for self or as a gift.Smell amazing and so relaxing to soak in hot tub with.Box it came in was wonderful and I have to say I will be ordering these again for gifts for sure.
In a used it for 2 days in the bedroom . i Haven't noticed much difference yet. On low it is super quiet and on high it's not loud to me. Filter is 2 into one so that will help filter out pet dander and dust. So far I can say its a nice unit for small areas like a bedroom or bathroom. Or small living room.
Great Keto product. Taste is good and adds a good balance to your day
Extremely uncomfortable. I’m a bigger woman with broad shoulders. But I’m not that big. This is ridiculously tiny. It cut off circulation to my arms and it pulled the Velcro loose because it ended up in the back. I bought another cheaper one and it fit comfortably with the right size adjustments being available. This is for very skinny or very small people.
I do not recall having any nose plugs as a child, but I guess they would have been made out of dinosaur parts if we did.  The kids love them, so that's all that counts.
the pump is a little different than the old one i had (which hit the floor and was done).  it still works well, and i like the 3 test average function.  does not interact with the old cuff and tube.
Found the same mil-spec kit on the Bay for same price - WITH two Quick clot combat gauze packs.  Dates were still good, too.  Shop around to find what you really need!
I bought these magnifying lenses, which fit comfortably on the head and even over conventional glasses, thinking I would use them occasionally for painting details.  But I discovered they are incredibly versatile -- great for any sort of close work.  Need to remove a splinter, trim an ingrown toenail, examine an object for small cracks or defects, check your cat's ears, do some delicate beadwork or sewing, or read that fine print on the medicine bottle?  This will make your life ever so much easier.  I never dreamed how many applications there are in which it is useful to have enhanced vision.  I keep it right by my desk and probably use it several times a day.  Very useful and highly recommended, even if you have good eyesight.  I never realized how much I was missing!
Love this brand and their beautiful designsgood pricing. Great quality too. This is my third pair. :)
Does the job
So easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
So easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
These detergent packs have a REALLY awful odor when you open the container.  I didn't want them to be "scented" and they aren't but they have an off-putting odor for sure.  They do not make the dishes or the air smell bad, thankfully.  They also work very well and do not leave any residue on the dishes.  4 stars for that smell...bleh
Has maltodextrin in it. Why? Don't know. Some people are sensitive to maltodextrin--causes nausea and headaches. So, if they take that out, I would give 5 stars.
Instant - poor in hot water, it melts. I add milk and brown sugar. Perfect taste. Better than those other types that have multiple ingredients.
Great for the price
great product just as described and the same thing as in stores
Only bug spray we will use! Keeps the bugs off us in the deep woods.
This scale is horribly inaccurate.
Perfect size. Leaves residue on hands after handling.
I've suffered from migraines for about 11 years. (Technically, I just get the migraine auras plus strong light sensitivity that irritates my eyes.) These glasses do help, although they aren't going to completely fix your problem. According to medical studies, green light is the easiest light on the eyes and brain for people who suffer from migraines. The green tint is soothing, reduces how much bright lights normally irritates my eyes, and helps to prevent getting a migraine. To be clear, I get some migraines when wearing these from time to time, but they still help in reducing light sensitivity and reducing chance of getting a migraine. I also like that it has the green part of the glasses on the side to protect light coming in from your peripheral vision. I wear them daily at work when staring the computer all day.
I really like this product. I find the most apparent benefit I get is the added boost in energy. My hair has felt nicer since I starting taking this as well. Greg customer service from their company has been a delight. Would recommend.
It's an expensive toothpaste. I was interested because I watched a videoblog of a red-headed american girl in japan saying what they've got that we don't . And one of the things was toothpaste like this. Because it fills in holes. Or something.Anyway, I use it, and I have no holes in my teeth since i started using it, 3 weeks ago.
These look so cute in my car!
Got this for bathroom to daily sweep up scattered kitty litter which it works great for. Love the way the broom is held to the dust pan and the method to use to clear the broom of debris after use. The only issue is that it will not stand on its own and must be propped against the wall. That works for me - for the price. But, you will want to go more sturdier if you need more sturdiness for heavier use and debris and need to stand on its own.
Before you consume this, you might want to know that the dosage recommended by  Dr. Oz on his May 21 show, &#34;Craving Killers to Shut Down Your Appetite,&#34; is 50 mg. twice a day, which is a total of 100 mg. The product is described on this site as 800 mg per capsule, 1600 mg per serving, which would be 16 times more than what Dr. Oz recommends. I'm just relaying what Dr. Oz said. If you want to know more, ask him.
Works in a pinch
very handy to be on key chain, and it light weight.
I have been using A&D for over 60 years. It’s safe, heals cuts and stitches really well. It is thick so stays on all day to keep your skin moist. Great product!
I needed these for my favorite slippers since the old insole was worn. It was perfect and I looked for a pad that was not too thick since the shoes may not fit. Great quality.
I love this brush - the handle makes it easy to scratch my back with out it twisting around.I wish amazon hadn't placed a sticker on the lovely handle because I can't get the gummy-ness off and it's really a shame and makes the brush much less nice.the bristles are perfect; not too hard.
I started using sleep masks after contracting meningitis because light affected my eyes. I bought these as replacement masks and they are amazing. Our bedroom is situated so that when people make a left turn onto our street the headlights come straight in our window. I never realized how much that disturbs your sleep! I've got my husband wearing one now and we both sleep deeper and longer. It's breathable, comfortable, and you don't realize you're even wearing it.
This product is just as described. It is well packaged and the instructions are very easy and helpful. You can sit on the toilet and pee on it or just place the pee in a cup. I compared it to my easy at home tests and the results are the same. I will be getting more in the future.Update: I did a comparison with other brands and all were accurate.
Cute a great for beginners using crystals
Absolutely didn’t help or feel comfortable at all.
Works as good as DEET spray
Ordered wrong one but still can use it
I always use tele doctor and always having hard time to explain ear issues. Now i can able to send pictures and video so my doctor can able to see. This items very helpful. Cleaning the earwax is very easy and safely. I been using myself and for my kids and its easy to set up use and clean. Make sure use alcohol to clean all the tools after each use.
Having two kids we have tried few similar items I can say that this one is much gentler on kids than frida.It is easy to use and works fast and easy to clean.
Not as effective as other brands. Smells horrible.
Order came with missing parts i find out after my friends order from different seller. Hookah should come with cleaning stuff but this one is not. Also glass base is not tight very lose
It arrived quickly and we’re very satisfied with the product!
Works like a charm on my beret.
Held up in wind. Ribbons that came with it too short. Wish they were a bit longer but fishing line worked.
Just what I need to keep my medicine organized and not forget to take any.  It has morning noon night and bedtime for each day of the week
Perfect. Just what I needed to cut my husband's hair and mine
These work fine but I didn't use it.
Works like it's supposed to.
My husband loves it!
This item is absolutely waste of Money, Save your money and instal an actual ceramic coating. It is advertised to repel water - but only clean water, not rain water with dirt, puddle of water on the road, or snow.I purchased total of 4 bottles in the span of 6months hoping that the layer of ceramic will get eventually thicken but on the 5th time I am gonna purchase this I realized that this does not dot make any difference as if you did not applied it.I always have to spray wash my car after it rains other wise all the mud and dirt that came with rain water will stick in your car, and even when you spray wash your car with clean water, if you don't wipe it dry it leaves horrible looking water marks on the car, and if you applied it but you didn't rinse off the dirt caused by rain then your car gets exposed to the sun; it causes all the dirt to stick to your car paint makes it even harder to wash your car.So just an advice from someone who wasted a lot of money and time for this product, just save your money and invest in an installation an actual ceramic coating on your car. Do not waste your money and time with this fake spray stuff that does not do anything, it's all an illusion.Otherwise feel free to try it and agree to everything I said about this product
I recommend buying these for your little one. My son is 5 & he loves these mask, they are his favorite. They are really nice material, do not easily wrip and they are actually a nice thick fabric but you can still breathe in them and they do not feel cheap! I would buy again if needed.
The small roller handle came apart withing 2 seconds and wouldn't stay put.  The larger roller handle is very thin and will bend when using it.  I was gentle with the rollers, but these are no good.  Returning.
I feel like these are ok, but not enough a rch support for flat or pronated feet.
Did not purchase from Amazon, but got for Christmas. As soon as I put batteries in and turned it on, the batteries exploded. It seems very dangerous.
Fake sweet taste. The stuff gave me a head ache.
I think it would be better as a 'clear' product.  The bubbles it makes are a good indication that you're using the Rez Block..
Love this shoe horn.  I'm short with a bad spine.  The reach is totally adjustable.. works great
I am always losing my readers or &#34;cheaters&#34; and if I am not losing them, I am scratching them! It makes sense for me to have more than one pair in one place since I don't like wearing bifocals and would rather not pay the expense of several pairs of prescription glasses or the cost of bifocals. Readers are my preference. This 3 pack offers value and style as each pair you get is a different color. I like that option! They come in many strengths obviously, I have one of the lower ones at 1.25+ but they offer much stronger ones as well. This way, I can have a pair on my end table in the livingroom, one in the car for when I go shopping and one in my craft and sewing room for when I work on projects. I am never without eyes now!! The quality seems good and they have spring loaded hinges. One of the best parts that I personally like is that they have plastic, already built in nose pads that are part of the glasses. I used to have readers that had the nose pads that were separate and attached with the teeny tiny screws. The screws would break off or come out and get lost and then the readers were virtually worthless. I like the molded kind much better - no screws and nothing to break. I am well pleased with this variety pack of readers! I received this product for freediscount in exchange for a fair and honest review. All opinions are completely my own and if this review was helpful to you, please hit the &#34;yes&#34; button at the end of the review.
I am a former nurse and I have a well stocked first aid kit in my house and car and am always prepared for most emergencies, but that being said, I have never had a tourniquet and when I saw this set, I thought it would be a good idea to add that to my already fairly comprehensive kit. The fact that there are two, is a plus becuz I can keep one at home and one in my car. These tourniquets are probably the easiest I have ever seen to use and can reliably be used on yourself if necessary. The bands are made of a strong, durable elastic and can be cinched very tight, which is what is needed if you ever need to use a tourniquet. The locking mechanism keeps it securely in place and with the pop of the tab - like releasing the tab of a dog collar, it can be released one handed. Hopefully I will never have need of using a tourniquet, but since I like to always be prepared for things in case, this is a good addition to my first aid kits. I think this is something that anyone who lives very rurally, travels or hikes or camps, would all benefit from having a tourniquet in their first aid kit and these are easy to use, come with a detailed instruction card including pictures and are small and stored easily. I received this product for freediscount in exchange for a fair and honest review. All opinions are completely my own and if this review was helpful to you, please hit the &#34;yes&#34; button at the end of the review!
The pill slots are to small. It will only fit one triple fish oil pill per slot. If your pills are average, it may work for you.
2nd one I bought, the first was wider at the head.  This one seems a little harder on my head when brushing but it works
TASTE IS GREAT I MIX IT WITH ULTIMA REPLENISHER ELECTROYTE DRINK FOR WHEN I PLAY GOLF AND SWEAT ALOT.  KEEPS UP MY ENGERY.
These steamer bags are a great way to get your veggies in.  I had bought the Ziploc brand before for a lot more money but these are just as good quality and much less expensive
Exactly what I expected! Thanks!
Hardly rotates.
These socks are great. The fabric is soft, smooth, lovely; feels really nice next to my skin. I love how colorful & fun these compression socks are because all I've found up until now were just drab tan, black or white stockings that looked hideous. Just because I have peripheral vascular return issues with my lower extremities (feet, calves) doesn't mean I want to look so frumpy wearing the traditional compression hose. These are so cute, bright & colorful. The only downside is that I am wearing these due to leg swelling & when my calves are real swollen (which is often unfortunately), the design on some of these socks gets stretched out, causing you to lose the very thing that makes these so pretty. The design stretches enough to where it looks blurry to completely lost on some designs & not so colorful. This hasn't happened on all the socks I've purchased from this maker, (I have about 6 pairs), but definitely on some. If you're on the thin side or don't experience much swelling, this probably won't be a problem at all. A solution to this would be if the company made them in a couple of sizes, like small & large.
These socks are great. The fabric is soft, smooth, lovely. feels really nice next to my skin. I love how colorful & fun these compression socks are because all I've found up until now were just drab tan, black or white stockings that looked hideous. Just because I have peripheral vascular return issues with my lower extremities (feet, calves) doesn't mean I want to look so frumpy wearing the traditional compression hose. These are so cute, bright & colorful. The only downside is that I am wearing these due to leg swelling & when my calves are real swollen (which is often unfortunately), the design on some of these socks gets stretched out, making it so you lose the very thing that makes these so pretty. The design stretches enough to where it looks blurry to completely lost at times & not so colorful. This hasn't happened on all the one's I've purchased (I have about 6 pairs). but definitely on some of them. If you're very thin or don't experience much swelling this probably won't be a problem at all. A solution to this would be if the company made them in a couple of sizes. Maybe just small & large.
It comes on, it is quiet, and it is tiny. It has a nice look, if not a little sci-fi. Do these things really work? No idea. But we hope they do.
The 1 lb package was delivered in odd packaging, just a plain brown bag, not what is shown in the picture.  NONE of the sticks ever released the bubbles that indicate the filtering process.  I know this from previous experience with the same product from another vendor.  The first set of charcoal had bubbles for weeks, and once the bubbles stopped, I would boil the sticks, and then the bubbles were back, that was the routine for more than six months.  Eventually, the sticks stopped producing bubbles, but that was ok; 6 months seemed fair, reasonable.  This set is another story; let's see, odd packaging, no bubbles, re-boil and still no bubbles, different sticks from same brown bag and still no bubbles.  Hmmmmmmm
Great service, product was as expected.
LOTS of paper. I filled over 15 baskets for work. Will buy again next season.
Great purchase.
NOt fancy but they do the trick.  The foam pad isn't porous so you don't have to worry about it soaking up your lotion.  I don't have any issues reaching with it, but I can see how some people might.  Overall I'm happy with these.
Really love these! clear lenses. nice style and priced well. Use them for quilting, reading, computer. great for all these uses and more!
Excellent product and your service too!
This would be adorable for a baby's room.  My living room, not so much.  Going to save it foe the next baby shower.
This product gets everything clean. It's the best.
Great for getting rid of ants.
Updated:At first I really liked these sleep masks. I had to make a small adjustment, but they seemed to work well so I gave them four stars. Well, now that I have used it for a while, the red sleep mask leaves black marks from the strap all over my sheets. The black dye will not wash all the way out, so I have ruined a nice set of sheets. I don't know if this is the case with all the masks from this company or just mine. So beware when you purchase.These sleep masks are pretty good, especially for the price. You get two masks, two sets of foam ear plugs (which I don't use), and a carrying case. I really like that these are contoured over the eye area so there is no pressure on the eyelid. The only reason they didn't get five stars is the nosepiece. I found it to be a little too wide. I had to perform minor surgery and cut out a small v-shaped piece of material from the nosepiece in order to make the mask block out more light from the bottom and take pressure off the bridge of my nose. Now they work great, but I probably decreased the lifespan of the masks. But for the price, I don't think that will be problem Time will tell.
Needed to replace the arm rest on the scooter....this was a perfect match and fit.
Didn't keep the smell at bay for long.
really like this towel, great service
I'm allergic to it. The smell irritates me.
I love this mustard and it is so good, all of them.  They are well worth the money and you won't be disappointed until the jar is gone and then you will be soooo sad.
One ear keeps popping off easily: they don’t seem to stay on snuggly enough but are soft for the ears and comfortable
Love this for my class room
I got these for my son’s tenth birthday. He loved them. They looked really nice hanging up and held up great for the whole day.
I bought this for a Christmas gift to give to my mom. She loves things like this. I didn't actually read the description on it before purchasing, so I was shocked at the size of it when I took it out of the box. I was expecting a smaller item, but I'm glad it is bigger than I expected because I think she will like it a lot more.
Came in my monthly box. Works as intended. Box wasn't damaged. Seals were intact.
Sometimes you just need a little play, and this works well for the shower or for individual play and lovers.
We do not use anything else. Nothing compares. Love it, just a bit more expensive but worth it. Hair doesn't get sticky. Goes on light.  I do wish there was no odor. Daughter freaks out about breathing it in. Tell her it is good stuff but she doesn't like it, so sometimes I am chasing that head around.
Excellent tool and doesn't hurt my nose!
Nice little unit. It’s quiet enough that my cats don’t freak when they see it. I’ve even been able to use it on my 16 year old cat’s stomach and everything scares him.
I was not expecting the large size of this. This will not fit most rolling papers only extra long ones. I ended up purchasing a smaller (1.25) size that fits most papers. The product was great quality just not what I was looking for. Make sure you are paying attention to the size. It was delivered quickly and as listed.
Any Lions fan will love these ziplocs. A little pricey, but living in Florida we can't get ANY of our team gear here so of course I'm willing to spend a bit.
This package contains a nice variety of dental items for dogs.
I purchased this case to protect my oils for an upcoming move overseas. I love the print that I chose and the extras that came with it. It seems to be a pretty sturdy case. Holds all of my oils perfectly. The 5mL bottles are a tad bit loose in the slots but that’s not a problem right now. The 15mL bottles fit very snug which is perfect. I will try to remember to update after my flight to let you guys know whether the case protected the oils or not.
Pricey but pretty. Work nicely
What a back saver .
The vitamin D tablet that I was taking was like a horse pill. It was huge and not coated. Very hard to get down. This tiny gel type pill is a wonder! It is so small and coated. Very easy to swallow. No after taste.These I look forward to taking!
This sleep mask came in such a nice package. It was kind of like getting a gift. It fits snug enough to stay on but loose enough not to feel confined. It blocks the light out so I can get a good nap or sleep no matter if it's day or night. I hardly can tell that I'm wearing a sleep mask at all.
First off I really liked the packaging. Inside the box were two different boxes of the bandages. They are the fabric type bandages. They were enclosed in very sealed packages themselves and were easy to open. The bandages were stretchy so you can form around what you need to cover. The fabric of the bandage was strong. I really liked these bandages and they are well worth the $.
These do what they say they do. They are very easy to swallow. I have had no problems with them.
I love that this has a sturdy stand and wheels. They roll very easy. The drying power is very good. It dries up rather than down which I think dries the hair faster. It was easy to assemble. Very professional type dryer.
After using the sponge for a couple weeks I can honestly say it's one of those things that I didn't know I needed it's really gentle on my skin and I love using it with my simple cleaner. I was a little thrown off by the way It arrives it waschard textured like a rock but after running it under water it became very soft and luxurious feeling
Not thrilled with this product. I wanted it to work, but it did not stretch my shoes at all.
Fresh, not overly perfumed scent.  This worked very well on our recent trip.  Will definitely restock for the next one and keep as a staple when traveling.  Only wish I could find refills for the nice container, rather than buying the whole thing again.
It doesn’t not blink in any way that is described in the listing. Absolute waste of money.
I was disappointed cause they are really too large for kids
Came cracked and late. Returned. Nice size though.
Good for the cost
Good quality
These do well curling my lashes on just one try. I hold them down for about 5 seconds. I think the difference is that the lash pad is made of a silicone material. I've never been a huge fan of curling my lashes. In the past it seems like it has done more damage than it's worth. I decided to invest in a more expensive curler in hopes that I would get better results. I have been happy with this eye lash curler. Not only does it do the curl well and on one try, but it is also comfortable. I don't feel like I am yanking my lashes out. I am able to get pretty close to the lash line and have not pulled any lashes out.  Overall, I like this product enough that I use it almost every day now.  Discounted sample tested for evaluation and review purposes.
one for the car. one for the backpack, and one for the bicycle! super cute too.
I bought this thru their site, but i know everyone goes to amazon for reviews. I took it for a month with no difference whatsoever! If anything it just made my hair feel greasy.In addition to that the company that makes it is the rudest Ive ever experienced ! (The company not this seller just to be clear)
They do a great job. I just wish they lasted longer.
These are great for getting the callouses off my heels!
I get this every year to keep everyone’s immune system up
I got two packages of these for travel, I was not real fond of the strong watermelon flavor.  It was way too sweet for me, so I ended up sending back one of the packages. They do work well for sleep, but if you don't like watermelon or sweet, I don't recommend.
My husband said he was not impressed by this flavor and it took a lot to get a hint of the orange. He did say he got a hit of orange creamsicle taste but it too a great deal of the product to get that hint. Also this product is not part of prime and the shipping cost was more then the price I paid so not a great bargain unless you were to buy many more flavors. This is not the first Capella flavor he has tried and while they indeed taste like the descriptions it takes a great deal more product to achieve then other brands. Now this is in reference to using it to make homemade vape juice and I'm sure if using for food purposes the flavor would be must stronger. All in all, it's just ok, and will not be ordering again.
Adorable little bundles!  Smelled wonderful too!
Nice quality, thick, soft without perfume
Hemp is a wonderful weed that can be made into just about anything. This is a superior product.
Love them! The adult size doesn't really help someone who is 5'3. They were way to tall. After I adjusted them to the right setting they were just fine. Study and very well made!
My daughter has Potz Syndrome so we have to track her water intake. We have a water bottle that has a sensor for daily use. However there are times that the water bottle just isn't as handy. This is a great alternative to fill in those time. Its small and the band has great elasticity. Fits over all glasses we have used it on thus far. The light is just right. It flashes to signal the user hasn't taken a drink, however, it isn't so bright that the whole restaurant will look at you. I would recommend this, it has help us a lot.
Comes in handy
I bought these because the bristles were charcoal and the rest of the toothbrush is bamboo.  I liked that there was no plastic.  The feel of the toothbrush is different, but it works so well.  My teeth felt cleaner!  I loved it so much I bought another pack!
I drink camu camu in my juice or in my smoothies. I bought some camu camu as well for a family member. Even if a person did not want to use camu every day, it is a good product to have in the cupboard. When you start feeling like you are run down - take camu camu for a few days. If you feel as if you are on the verge of coming down with a bug, add camu to your diet. When everyone at the j.o.b. was getting ill, I sailed on through every time as healthy as can be. Although some people say that camu does taste a bit bitter, I found that varies with brands, Regardless, I simply mix it (with my bullet or blender not a spoon!!) with apple juice, or pine apple juice if I'm not adding it to one of my&#34;mean green&#34; smoothies. I've tried 3 different brands and I like Maju's.I did not find it sour tasting. This is an organic product which is high in vitamin C.
Really helps my allergies, will be ordering more.
Great product with fast delivery
Love it. So glad I made the purchase I use all the attachments and I am especially pleased with the face brush. The bag is a nice touch.
I consulted with my internist and endocrinologist before I started taking this. I was very happy that they thought adding this supplement to my daily regimen would be greatly beneficial to my health. This supplement is a well balanced mix of essential vitamins and minerals that helps with the quality of my health and immune system. I am in my mid thirties and I am noticing that the overall quality of my health and well being is just not the same anymore. To make things worse, I have several health conditions that I have been suffering from, for years now. I started taking this supplement together with other natural vitamins that complement its benefits. It is made from superior ingredients and in my opinion, it is well priced. Two thumbs up for this brand!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experiences with whatever product I am reviewing. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
My husband and I are hooked on these Insoles! I use mine as a precautionary measure at the gym, because I always seem to end up having solearch issues when I'm working out (happens mostly on my heavy cardio days). I bought a second setpair for my husband, because he is on his feet for 8 to 10 hours a day at work and needs this Arch Support Shoe Insole to alleviate the pain he normally experiences on his feet. It has been working well for both of us and needless to say, I am beyond thrilled that I was given the opportunity to review it. Had it not been for this opportunity, I would never have encountered this brand!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experiences with whatever product I am reviewing. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
I used to have full blown type 2 diabetes before I started changing my diet and lifestyle and fish oil has been one of the supplements that I incorporated in my daily regimen. I have taken a lot of brands of fish oil supplements and the one from Gloreyfeel is one of my all time favorite brands. It has high concentrations of omega per pill and it doesn’t have that overpowering fishy taste when I take it.Fish Oil is beneficial to people who are suffering from various heart diseases, high cholesterol, depression, anxiety, AHDH, weakened immune system, cancer, diabetes, inflammation, arthritis, to name a few.  So start taking better care of yourself and incorporate this supplement in your diet!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experiences with whatever product I am reviewing. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
I've been battling Vitamin D deficiency ever since I can remember and this supplement has been helping me a lot. This deficiency greatly affects my blood sugar levels, so I make it a point to religiously take this supplement. I have been getting decent numbers when my doctor orders complete blood panel tests - which goes to show that this supplement is doing its job!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for other consumers like myself. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
My daughter has course curly hair and she tried this and it worked great it took about 10 min and it looks great. She loves this it is so easy and will do her hair more often.
My friend and I vacation together  a few days together every year, I have trouble sleeping because she snores really loud. The ear plugs were wonderful, I could barely hear her snoring, i could still hear, but it was a faraway sound. I was really pleased with them.
Very satisfied with the scooter. I have problems with my feet and stress fractures. I bought the scooter so I would have it if I needed it and not have to rent one.
Love this stuff!
Exactly as described- no complaints! A good deal- perfect transaction!
Perfect for the dessert bar. The right size !! They are thick and not cheesy looking !
Great for the price, the material is soft and feels high quality. It does let a tiny light to enter trough the nose part but it's ok for any comfy sleep.
I was told by my boss at a dry cleaners that this is the domestic version of the commercial stain remover he uses in his process. You cannot believe the results he gets! After running out of the bag he gave me, I tried this formulation. It takes considerably more, but is worth it. It removes stains of all types and whitens beautifully. Best results are achieved by using hot water and giving a soak. But it will also work in lower temps.Hint: Run an inch or two of water in your bathtub. Add some BIZ and detergent. Soak. Squeeze, don't wring, don't drain, and then wash in a normal wash. I do heavy stains overnight, then lesser ones in the same water. This removed blue shampoo from a white cotton shower curtain that was marked cold, hang to dry! That saved me the cost of replacing the curtain.
This is a dismal failure, in my book. The shape isn't quite right, so I am missing something that apparently others were impressed by. It has an angry buzz, as you'd expect from a vibrator, but that doesn't seem to translate into satisfying stimulation. Some texture on the plastic might help. Also, the body is poorly sealed. Around the insertible section it is properly seamed closed, but the rest of the body has a gap.My recommendation os you find another vibrator.
I tried this when I was on vacation in Australia and loved the way it stuck - stayed put on an injured foot like nothing ever has before.  It doesn't leave that sticky residue, either.
Skeptical buyer but went for it after watching You Tube videos on how incredibly clean this product transforms your mildewmoldydirty vinyl siding and decking to like new condition. We were amazed. Our UPS driver delivered an Amazon box to us and we showed him how clean this makes the vinyl siding. He couldn't believe it either. In fact, he took a snapshot of this product and repeatedly thanked us for showing him as he doesn't have the time to climb ladders to clean his house. We purchased this product's pump sprayer too; the sprayer reached the highest pitch (approx. 25') of our garage so we didn't need to climb a ladder to apply it either. Amazing product; will use every year for certain!
Great smell, great quality.
It didn’t really help keep my glasses up and wore off after a short while.  It may work for people with different shaped noses, I think glasses have a harder time staying on mine.
I love this sunblock, we used it for 4 hours atin the lake.  No sunburn on my 5 year old or I.  I usually use organic expensive sunscreens for him but I forgot them and this is all I had.  It worked great!
my only issue is there’s no child safe lid. It just spins right open. I have 2 young kids so I have to keep this in a really high spot. Just a warning for any other parents. Customer service was excellent however and I definitely recommend this company.
This product is AMAZING!  I have tried many, many creams, lotions, special socks, microplaners, and anything else that advertises they can get rid of your cracked heels.  Nothing has worked. Even at the nail salon I have never left satisfied with how my heels felt. I had resigned myself to the fact I was never going to have smooth feet again.  But this thing works!  I read reviews where people said it stops if you push down on it, well there is a reason for that. If you push too hard you can hurt yourself. It's a safety mechanism that makes sense. Just be patient and it will work.  I've used it three times since Christmas, even though my heels were still pretty smooth, I just like the way it feels.  If you have rough feet, you will be amazed at the snow shower you create using this.  Put down a towel or something to catch all the lovely dead skin that comes showering down.  Buy this!  You will love it.
Nice little key ring. It has several little plastic containers that you can use for many different things.I'm using it to carry with me oils for the sauna when going to the gym. It is small and you can easily carry it with you.
It seems to work
Use it a lot
They are great
perfect pill cutter for big heavy hills. Delivers a nice simple sharp even cut
Port City Pomade Beard Oil and Leave- In Conditioner comes in either 1 ounce or 2 ounces. I got the 2 ounce bottle. It comes with a dropper top. This is how you get the beard oil out. Drop 2-5 drops in your hands and then apply to the beard. Port City Beard Oil is certified organic with all natural ingredients. The bottle stands about 1.5&#34; wide and 4.75&#34; tall. Port City handmakes their products in a barber shop in the USA. The product is hypo- allergenic and Non- toxic.This oil has been so great for my husbands beard and also his skin. It leaves his beard soft, smooth and tamed. This oil enhances the health of the skin and beard and helps immediately and long term, the more he uses it, the less he needs it. The smell is compared to a woodsey smell and I disagree. I normally think of a pine smell for woodsey and this isn't. It has a nice unstrong smell... I like it and can handle it.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my full, unbiased and honest review. I test every product before reviewing. My experience may not match everyones but my experiences are what I base my reviews on. If you felt I was helpful, please click yes below. If not, please comment and offer a suggestion on how I can improve my review for you.
I am very happy with my purchase of these hot socks. My feet get cold very easily in the air conditioning &  I'm not a happy camper with cold feet at all. I have used these during the day while on the computer  & just love using them at night going to bed. You just pop them in microwave, slip them on those cold toes &  feet. Oh my what a warm fuzzy feeling. I can't wait till winter, my feet will be very happy this year after playing in the snow. I like to apply  lavender or roman chamomile essential oils to my feet also with castor oil ,cover your feet with a plastic bag & then put these socks on. It does double duty for warm,soft & smooth feet & a better nights sleep. I received this product at a discount or for free for giving a review.
Like but don't love. Wiggles around too much and causes fatigue in sensitive areas. Use for no more than 4 hours a day.
I like them so much that I got some for my kids and signif other.  Found that I really only need one per day though.  Great product!
Vision is great with this tool.  Works well and  light is bright.
These are on point!
I got this for my best friend for Christmas as a &#34;gag&#34; gift, and she loved it! She uses it religiously. The light really helps to find those hidden stones in the crannies of your tonsils. The three different attachments really help as well.
I REALLY CAN'T BELIEVE HOW GOOD THIS FISH OIL TASTES.  I'M NOT SURE HOW THEY GET IT TO TASTE THIS GREAT, I'M JUST GLAD THEY DO.
Um, I am sure for some people these are great. They are not useful to me because they don’t offer enough of a cushion to make a difference.
These are very cute and great for small gifts.
This works perfectly for keeping meds locked up when little ones are around. Very well made and sturdy protection.
I really like Magic Eraser and it has helped make products come clean when before there was no hope! Since this product came out I've tried the $1.00 imitations that worked but crumbled in the process. So I went back to the original. And I am not too happy. I used this to get scuff marks off my daughter's sneakers and true, that's a big task but it crumbled and much more elbow grease was needed than I remember. I think that the ones with the blue scrubber side are better..  I'll try them next time.
I bought these for a baby shower gift.  They are excellent quality and look exactly like the picture.
I believe all the 5 stars on this product are fakes. There's no way so many people could possibly feel this cheaply made POS deserves such high marks.*Flimsy quality*Head band slides down the back of your head, pulling the mask off*The eye cups just fall off willy nilly and aren't comfortable at all*WORST OF ALL, it lets in a big chunk of light at the gap between the eye cups. I'd block more light by throwing a towel over my eyes!Yup, I got suckered in by the fake reviews, but now my sacrifice is your gain. Don't buy these. They're garbage and there are a number of products available on Amazon that are 100x better. Save your time and money and check out other options, especially ones with hundreds of reviews as some of them might actually be legit.
Just what I was looking for.  Extras are nice too.  Box seems to be made well.
This cleans my tongue really well without leaving a metallic taste.  I use the scraper every morning, and it really helps me to wake up and feel like my mouth is crystal clean to start the day.  I do dry it off after every use so that it does not rust (and so far, so good!).As a funny note:  I keep this in the same cup as my toothbrush head, and if I lift my toothbrush head out at the wrong angle, the magnet sticks to the scraper and they both come out together!
They fit nicely! Some of the oral tips you have to fight to get them in not with this one!
I have an allergy to milk and like smoothies! This is the best way to make smoothies when You have an allergy!
It's the only cotton I use for my vape for the last 3 years or so. I occasionally order different cotton and every single time I have my vape flavor suffers. At best it dulls the flavor and at worst it adds a chemical-y taste that ruins my vape experience.This is the best cotton I have ever used for my vape. I can't believe how much of a difference it makes. You would think it really wouldn't matter since the juice is doing all the work but it really does.I'm not into the price but for now it's well worth it. Also one bag lasts me a long time so it's not painful at this price point.
I absolutely love this straightener. I was so excited to try it that I didn't use any creams, straightening liquids or anything like that. That alone straightened my full frizzy hair. It wasn't perfect ,but I wanted to take a picture of the before and after. I tried it again with straightening oil and it was perfect. It worked best for me when I divide my hair into sections. I did brush my hair before so I don't have knots as to not damage my hair. Easy to comb through hair. The temp was perfect as well. Great item. I would purchase  again if I need to. Recommend!
I love this loofah.  It is especially helpful for getting rid of dry skin in winter when I'm cooped up in the house with the drying furnace turned on.  The length is fine for me--5'8" and it would fit a shorter person as well.
It would have been useful to know where you can’t use before buying. I read carefully looking for that. I mean there are some places that should be obvious like anus, genitals, nipples and ears. But you also can’t use it around the head or neck and this was purchased to use on the neck.
This is a tasty vitamin drink with trace minerals. I've been using it for 2 months and haven't noticed anything amazing but I do feel good about getting my nutrients. What I don't feel good about is, every time I look it up to buy another canister the price is higher! I won't be buying more until the price gets back to just over reasonable as the first 2 were. To me $43. and $44. are a bit high but my friend wanted me to try it. Now its $61.50, just 3 weeks later up 30%. No, I'm not going for it.
had  for awhile now and it  hasnt fallen apart, so all is well
I really like the gentle whitening qualities and the taste is quite nice too.
These crack very easily in the freezer. Most of mine have ended up in the recycling bin.
These are so cool!  I only have a quart sized baggie full of liquids to live off of for a month and a only a few clothes to wash a lot.  What to do?  Buy these?  They are simply genius!  I tried them in the sink with some panties and you'll need a few sheets but they definitely clean your clothes without taking up valuable liquid space.  I bought two packs and had room in one pack to shove most of another in one container, so I have about 85 sheets to work with.  I'm good to go for many loads of sink laundry on my trip.
Love this product! Works just like it says it will, awesome.
I loved it! I just barely got it. It arrived pretty fast... it looks WAY better then I thought it would, feels and looks high end. It works waayyy better than some high ends eyelash curlers I have had & can be compared to other ones that I bought for a ridiculous price. I super recomend this one.. You get a great product for an amazing price.
Works fairly well for my plastic frames.
These are of high quality and a great deal.
I couldn't find Lavoris anywhere for quite a while so was thrilled to find it here!  My husband loves this mouthwash more than any others because of the special cinnamon flavor.
This toothbrush is just OK, rated 3 stars. The toothbrush base itself feels very lightweight and cheap. The heads are very hard to get on, and the bristles feel pretty cheap and soft. The toothbrush does have a few different types of "modes" of vibration patterns, but I'm not sure how that would benefit the user.
just like my grandmother use to use
My wife loves those.Thank you very much.
Hot Hot very hot.....But it is very good.If I put this right spot,pain releaf quickly.Just little bit smoky and funny smell.
No words. It's great!  I carry it in the car and it's great at stoplights for a quick acupressure in between the shoulder blades!
Vile stuff.  Has the texture of liquid oatmeal.
I wound up just taping it up where I wanted it, because I needed it! The holder itself is slightly tapered and holds my Waterpick handle just fine, but even without the shower head on it, it falls of in middle of night. I just used some 3M foam tape that is water resistant to attach it - functions fine and less hassle than returning and trying to find something else!
The bottles arrived with the plastic lids broken and so it would start to come out.
Wonderful product! Makes me feel happy because they are so cute and colorful but more importantly because I'm helping take care of our oceans!!!! Keep up they great work! You deserve 100 stars!!!
Pure stuff and works perfectly as intended
Very nice album, I will have to chose some very special photographs to insert. :)
Very nice, can't wait to finish my current journal to get to use this one!
I really enjoy DripDrop when needed.  I can't locate this product in my area so I order from Drip Drop through Amazon.  It's purpose is to hydrate and  I think it works well.
Good detergent. Great value. We purchased it to try to get a stain out of a pocelain sink. It didn't help with that. But, it is a wonderful laundry dey.
The smell does not last for more than 30 minutes.I bought it for my New Zealand wool dryer balls.I think it is rather expensive for its poor quality.But the smell is nice.
Setup was a bit challenging but once I got past that I have loved this scale.  It syncs without fail (more reliably than my Fitbit tracker) and has held up fine despite occasionally being knocked over.  It has traveled 1200 miles in the trunk of my car when I wanted to take it on a month-long trip and is still no worse for wear.  I'm not sure if the body fat percentage is accurate, but the weight seems to be.  Another bonus is that this automatically updates on My Fitness Pal once it syncs!
Been using for two weeks and haven't got anything to report yet. Will update after 30 days.
I use Ziploc bags frequently because they make high-quality products.  Having the Seahawks logo on the bag makes it that much more special in this Washington-based home! Clear bags are a must for attending games, plus, when you're making special gifts for fellow Seahawks fans, THIS bag makes for a perfect presentation!  Go Seahawks!
This has everything and is very organized.The antibiotic oinment is NeomycinThe non asprin is tylenolThe anti bacterial wipes are Benzalkonium ChlorideThis zips up easily and keeps everything organized in its sections. It has everything you could need. I highly recommend this kit to have on hand and one for traveling.* Alcohol Prep Pads* Antiseptic Towlettes* Instant Cold Compress* Tweezers* Safety Pins* Antibiotic Ointment* Burn Cream Ointment* Non-aspirin Tablets*Aspirin Tablets* Sting Relief Pads* Cotton Tip Applicators* Finger Splints* FIRST AID INSTRUCTIONS* Adhesive Bandages (1in x 3in)* Adhesive Bandages (38 in x 1.5 in)* Adhesive Bandages (34 in x 3 in)* Butterfly Closures* Paper Tape Roll (1.5 in x 2.5 yds)* Sterile Gauze Pads (2 in x 2 in)* Sterile Gauze Pads (4 in x 4 in)* Sterile Trauma Pads (5 in x 9 in)* Examination GlovesI received this product at a discount in exchange for feedback and an honest review
I have always liked the cleaning job Mr. Clean Erasers did, but I hated the thin pads that wore away quickly and shredded. These pads are amazing. They don't shred into small pieces , and they scrub hard , dried messes. Love them for baseboard cleaning and quick wipe downs of nasty messes.
I bought one of these to use as a gris-gris bag. It's a fantastic and well-made little pouch; the leather is soft and wearing very well, and the antler button stays put and opens easily. It has a good energy about it, too, and has been excellent to work with. I'm quite happy with the purchase and am hoping for an excuse to give one as a gift in the future.
Wonderful set! Sturdy and well made!!
We use this to get my mom's wheelchair from our kitchen into the sunroom.  It works great.  Very sturdy
I have about 4 different kinds of medicine and this is perfect. Before I bought this I would dig through my purse looking for different bottles, but now I just look for my little grey box and everything is right there. It has never come open on its own, which is also a plus.
On antibiotics which just destroyed my gut bacteria...this fixed it. The name sucks but the product is good.
Bought this when I was a little strapped for cash and needed wick for my attys. This works extremely well. No wicking time, very soft, very workable and it is economically sound. I love my Cotton Bacon and Torii Wicks, but I definitely will stock up on these and keep them in my supply.
I had a ring that was a size too big and I bought these.  They are very uncomfortable and you are constantly aware that you have something extra around your finger.  Remember wrapping tape around the ring to make it fit better and how uncomfortable that was?  Well, it feels just like that. I wound up exchanging the ring for a smaller size and using these to wrap around my charger cord where it started to fray. It works better that way. Charger cords don't complain about being uncomfortable.
I have tried many diet supplements on the market, most of them without results. I decided to try this one and their &#34;carb and fat attack&#34; (I also reviewed that one). This supplement, while I have not lost any weight yet, it did stop my weight from climbing, so I am going to assume that I am in a transition (plateau) phase. I haven't been exercising regularly, so I am sure that is attributing to my stall.  I started walking more regularly and eating better, in conjunction with the other supplement, vitamins and fruit smoothies, I'm sure that with this product the weight will start to come off.Now, as for effectiveness, I DO notice a change in my energy. I suffer from severe fatigue and I do find that I have more energy throughout the day when I take this. I keep it down to a minimum because of the caffeine, because I REFUSE to give up coffee and taking the full dosage with coffee does have me climbing the walls, so I reduced the dosage to 1 mug of coffee in the morning and 1 capsule before lunch to keep my energy up. This works for me. I am sure it will take longer for me to see weight reduction results because I am taking a smaller dosage, but I am sure that I need to be on this for more than a month to see the results. And considering that I am having no ill side effects and everything seems to be okay, I think I will stick with this for a while longer and post my results of weight loss (if any) at a later date. For energy, I highly recommend.
I purchased this in July. It is now October, so I think that I have used it (off and on) long enough to give a review.I say off and on because I am not the most dedicated person in the world when it comes to dieting and taking vitamins and supplements. With that said, I am very pleased with this product. It does what it says, blocks the fat and carbs that you eat with your meals.  I warn you, that you WILL see the results of that in your bathroom breaks in 8-12 hours. You do become more &#34;regular&#34;, that's how I know it is working. I noticed that I do find myself adjusting my fat and carb intake depending on how often I have to go to the bathroom, so in that respect, the product is encouraging me to alter my eating habits. The bottle is 60 capsules, so if you take it diligently it should only last you about a month. But as I said, I'm not diligent so this bottle lasted me until now. I took maybe two capsules a day maybe twice a week (when I remember to).  Even then, I saw the results.  I have not lost much weight yet, but I haven't gained any either, and it is encouraging to know that I can continue to use this as a constant reminder to cut back on the chips and ice cream. (notice I didn't say CUT OUT chips and ice cream heehee!)
I had just finished my first bottle of Vegan Morning multi-vitamin the day before and opened a new bottle.  Right after taking the dose I felt my face burning - looked in the mirror and it was bright red.  Then my arms also started burning and turned red.  It was scary!  I drank a good 6 glasses of water to dilute the reaction.  Funny thing, I noticed that the seal was raised up when I opened the bottle, and the liquid was a different color.  My husband had emailed the company yesterday and still have received no response.  The bottle says unconditionally guaranteed.  I do not recommend this product.
painful when used ..returned it
It took a little getting used to but I really like this makeup sponge. Easy to clean and didn't absorb any product like a brush or regular sponge does. Blending is a little tricky though.
These are some of the best protein bars I've ever had. Delicious and no chemical aftertaste. Every flavor is great but the white chocolate cookie is my favorite.
I will keep them, because I could can cut a piece of soft fabric (moleskin ?) to line with first, but in my opinion this “cushion” is worse on the sores than the furniture it is “protecting” against.  It is NOT a soft gel cushion.  It’s more like the scratchy styrofoam peanuts used in packaging - but thicker. Maybe I can find a gel pad to line it with. I have it two stars because I like the netted sleeve.  For AZ heat that is ideal. So, it has some value to me and  Not worth returning. But NOT soft enough to use for Bed Sores- that’s for sure!!!
this is a quick and efficient way to get rid of stains.  It works very, very well.
With so many plant saucers to choose from on Amazon, not sure why I selected these but they are the best saucers I have ever purchased.  Not a drop of water will ever get thru these things.  Nice think plastic - not like those flimsy ones you can purchase at the box stores that bend and are easily punctured.  Would definitely recommend.
ALWAYS READ DETAILS.  I did not this time, and I regret it.  This set up is way to small, but I tried it anyway.  It didn't last anytime as I suspected, plus it didn't cut the leg hair at all.
Don't waste your money. It worked well for a month and stopped and my window to return has expired.
Glad to have this available on Amazon because I do not have a Trader Joes near me! We love this product and have for years!
The brand seems to have changed names twice since I've been using it and the new packaging is the same bottle they have always used but now it is also placed in a sealed heavy plastic bag...very, very wasteful and such a poor use of plastic for a company putting out 'organic' items especially. They already had a seal on the bottle and the cap is wrapped in a plastic band so the bag is truly wasteful. Also, I believe the mg in each bottle has changed at least twice...I believe 3 times...just seems sketchy since it was not advertised to have changed, I only knew by reading the package.  That said, it seems to work perfectly well, I just may start looking for another brand that gives me more confidence and less waste.
Love this stuff.. it has alot of health benifits.. and I don't have and issue with the taste of vinegar but my daughter also uses it  and she likes the taste too.. it took her about a week and now she even puts it in her water and like the taste.. the best part is it is natural!!!
In September I purchased one of these. It worked as it should for two weeks, approximately 15 hours total use. On day 15 when I turned it on it had only half the brightness and a blackish film coating the inside of it. I messaged the seller, Light Bulbs International and they were kind enough to send me out a replacement. The replacement worked out great for exactly 7 days. Today, day 8 the replacement bulb went bad and developed the same blackish blue film inside it again! After approximately 20 minutes the bulb just went out. I removed it from the fixture to find that one of the filaments had broken. See pictures attached. This is so frustrating! Perhaps these bulbs are just old stock or from a defective batch. It’s not my fixture. I had been and am using now a GE bulb that I purchased at my local hardware store that works without issue. AS OF SEPTEMBER 2020 DO NOT PURCHASE THESE BULBS!  THEY ARE DEFECTIVE! These Sylvania bulbs used to be the best. I have used them for many years and each one lasted several years. The bulbs here are JUNK!!!
Great value and a lot of sounds to choose from. Doesn't seem to loop either
The product does last longer and is stronger than the original formula.
Granddaughter really likes it
This Shiatsu Neck and Back Massager has 4 massage nods help get a nice deep muscle massage and an added heat option to help blood circulation.  It has a car charger that allows you to operate it in your car and a strap to secure it.  This comes with a massager pillow, power cord, car adapter and  easy to understand directionsI have a lot of back and neck pain and boy does this help it.  It just massaged the tightness and pain from them.  It has strong. powerful rollers and a one minute timer which switches directions of the rollers after a minute.This is not cordless, you must be near an outlet to use this.I received this neck and back massager to use, review and to give my honest opinion about it.
My husband is a diabetic and he has a lot of nerve pain in his feet because of this. I purchased this for him to try because it is 100% pure, natural and herbal. He has been taking 2 capsules a day for a while now and he is starting to notice less burning and tingling in his feet.  This is allowing him to finally get a full nights sleep, before he was up walking the floor in pain for hours.  Hopefully with continued use his feet pain will go away all together. I  received this product at discount in exchange for an honest review
This works well
I have to have a bandage that doesn’t stick to the wound.
For my grandson. He likes them and so does my daughter. Saves a bit of money.
i have been using this for several years and was happy with this product until last week.  For some reason, when I put in my contact lens,  it the heck out of my eye (hydrogen peroxide did not convert)  but also about a one inch long line on my skin just outside my eye. It burned my skin!  I've decided to research and find a different, safer product.  (I did not purchase this product through Amazon, but am looking at reviews of others concerning this).
Way to difficult to use would not recommend
I have not yet been able to figure out how to have the light come on at the time that I want it to. I have been through the poor instruction book that came with it, but can't figure out how to program the @&## thing to work. The display light is a bit too bright for when the lights are off, and the nature sounds are annoying. I think you need to keep looking if you are looking for a lamp that slowly lights up in the a.m.
The Vigor Force Knee Support Sleeve came in a plastic pouch. It is has a dark gray and white color scheme. I have a knee that needed added support and compression support knee sleeve.This knee sleeve comes with magnetic therapy to help with pain. I thought was just thing to do that . But I got on my swollen knee but it just rolled down and became painful to keep on. The Vigor Force Knee Support Sleeve is the nicest and professional grade knee ; I have purchased. I received this item for free for my honest and unbiased review. .
I have a so sitting service and always send treats home with the pups
These little eye droppers don't suck the water into the vial. That's all, don't buy them.
Originally I thought these files would work just like my crystal nail file from Perfect Formula, a file I have had for years. My nails were all finally strong, healthy and grown out.After using these files my nails are shredding, peeling and down to the nubs! Several of the top layers of my nails are peeling back even further. Some nails have 2, 3 & 4 cracks up the nail. I just had a horribly painful crack and it tore to the skin.I thought all these crystal nail files would be the same, but they are not!
I bought these replacement mineral heads to replace the dulling ones on my ENJI Happy Care callus remover. They fit my callus remover perfectly and can be put on and removed with no problem whatsoever. These new rollers work perfectly and did an excellent job at removing the calluses on my feet.
Pretty design. Held a good amount of smaller pills. But it would pop open in my purse, if the pills where small they would get shuffled and damaged.
Good product and great value
I've been using the Aria for about a month now and I'm really pleased with it. I like that it takes a new measurement every time you step on. I've had some scales in the past that didn't seem to budge unless you lost or gained a pound or two, and sometimes that big jump was quite unwelcome. It measures quickly, identifies me and syncs right to my Fitbit account immediately. I was initially concerned because the bathroom that it is located in has the worst wifi connection in my whole house, but so far I haven't missed a single reading on it.The bodyfat % definitely does fluctuate, but as I'm familiar with other devices that measure bodyfat I also know that things as simple as whether your stomach is empty or full and how dehydrated you are can cause this to fluctuate quite a bit. The percentage itself might not be extremely accurate, but if you weigh yourself at the same time and under similar circumstances daily (ie. first thing in the morning before you've eaten or had anything to drink), then it is accurate enough to let you know whether your percentage is increasing or decreasing over time. This isn't a professional bodyfat measuring tool, and it's unreasonable to expect it to work as well as one.I'm the only one currently using my scale so I can't comment on the difficulties some people have with multiple users or guest users. Setting it up was extremely simple and now I don't have to wonder if I remembered to log my weight in my Fitbit account or not. In fact now I can't do things like &#34;forget&#34; to log my weight after a rough weekend. I like to know where I'm at on my journey so I don't find myself avoiding getting on the scale to avoid having the weight logged, which I was actually worried about. Overall it has just become a comfortable part of my routine and caused me to have to be a bit more accountable to myself. I'm quite happy with my Aria.
Perfect for double checking my line ups at the shop. With this comb, my clients leave more confidence and helps me assure they have a fresh cut. The Flat top comb was good edition although i have plenty. The Rhinocomb is also heat resistant so you can be sure it wont melt if you use any sort of hot tools. We also use this comb for permanent tattoos in eyebrows as well. The yellow tab is removable so you can freely use it as a ruler but the yellow tab helps a lot when comparing two sides. My designs also come out much more even and I highly recommend this to any barber or stylist!
I was very dissapointed.  For the last year all I have heard is that wraps and herbal gels are the best thing since sliced bread.  Well, I was not impressed.  I applied the Herbal Body Wrap Gel sold by Forever Young to my thighs and arms.  The amazon ad said to just apply the gel to targeted areas.  Well I did.  I did twice a day.  I did this for a week.  Nothing.I was using this as a jumpstart to my new yoga and new lifestyle.  I know nothing is a golden pill to a perfect body, but seriously I did expect something.Disclosure:  I purchased this at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased feedback.  The above review is my opinion.
I was very excited for these to arrive, as I've been looking for an affordable back massage tool. When I opened the package I was so disappointed at what I actually received. The tools looked as if they were put together half-hazardly.The legs of the massager were uneven. For some reason they were all slightly different lengths, so I couldn't even use it effectively. The wood coating was also messy and not smooth at all. There were globs and bubbles of dried coating on the wooden surface.I know this was a relatively inexpensive massager, but I can't even enjoy at least one use. So in my opinion, I would certainly recommend spending a little more for a better quality product.
Fairly good case: sturdy, seems to be put together well.  Needs a little more headroom above the bottles for reference books, papers, etc.  I am always afraid my bottles will leak so do not use the handle.  Needs a handle to carry flat.
As other reviews have indicated this is a harder pumice than many making it last longer.  I would have given five stars except that it failed to remove a coffee ring around the disposal in sink despite several attempts.  On other hand on a linoleum floor there were some marks I could not get up with other cleaners and this did well.  Same is true of rings in toilet.  Handle is very handy and comes nicely packaged.  Was larger than I thought it would be so it is nice when working in toilet bowls for example.  Two sticks nice so can keep one for bathroom use and one for kitchen etc.
My husband's nice prescription glasses lost one of their nose pieces and we didn't want to go back to the eye doctor so I found these on Amazon and decided to give them a try.  They were the perfect replacement for the one he lost and are exactly the same quality as those that came from an optical dispensary.  There are enough in this package, that I probably won't ever have to buy another pair.
these are absolutely worthless.  I bought them assuming they would work like others that foam up into the sink and clean while foaming.  these have absolutely no foaming or cleaning ability that I can tell and they don't get rid of any smells.
Absolutely love these!Our whole family are Doctor Who fans, but I got these Dalek socks for my daughter for back to school.She was SO thrilled with them! In vibrant blue and orange, with one pair in a nice grey shade, they will work with a variety of outfits.They hit just over the heel, and the socks are soft and comfy. My daughter wore them and loved the fit and feel, as well as decoration on them!Any Doctor Who fan will love em!*Provided for my opinion and review
this is a fantastic kit!Well made, perfect size for travel or to store at home in the bathroom or kitchen.I love the case, it is actually even nicer than I was expecting!Super sturday, great color that is easy to see when you need to find it in a hurry, and it is filled with 200 pcs of first aid items to save you in time of need.We have already used this multiple times!LOVE ITI appreciate receiving this at a discount in exchange for my unbiased views
I have been mixing this powder into my morning smoothies.. not part of a workout routine.. just for added energy and nutrition. I really like it and cannot taste the powder at all! I highly recommend this powder. My old gripe is that the packaging is a little small.. or smaller than I expected.. and there is no measuring spoon (or tool) included. Given the size of the container, this is to be expected, but I wanted to let buyers know.**I disclose that I have received this item as a free gift or at a discount. When I accept invitations to receive items to review, I promise that I will post my unbiased opinion with the intent of helping Amazon customers make the right buying decision for them and also to increase awareness of the item that will help reduce returns. If I do review a gifted item and the giver of the gift prefers my review to be private between them and I and not posted on Amazon publicly, I will honor that giver's request. Please note that if this review is labeled “verified purchase,” the item came from Amazon stock and you can be assured that what I received is representative of what you will receive when you order from this listing.
Uses all product instead of absorbing it. It does take more patience and blending but I love it! I don't feel dirty after using it!
I love this brand! I ordered several of the hair styling products and this company is amazing! The quality is outstanding and the performance is even better! The active performance gel is is really easy to apply. It is a blue gel, smells amazing, and is pretty thick. I use it to help tame my frizz with my long wavy hair. I apply it after I get out of the shower to help with the frizz when drying and to maximize my curls and it keep s the hold all day. The gel is pretty thick when applying and goes a long way so this product will definitely last a long time and I have very long hair. I did receive this product at a discounted rate to provide to the public my honest and unbiased review.
These tasty and nutritious bars are worth the price. They are filling. There is no chocolate in them, just carob. They do have mik and peanut butter however.
I used it once, very happy with scent and the way it cleaned my mat.  But as I tried to use it second time, the spray mechanism on bottle does not push down completely and the spray just drips out.  I tried fixing it to no avail.  Otherwise would give it five stars.
This massager works very well and it does have heat setting.  I use it primarily on my neck but I did use it on the back of each leg too - which also felt FANTASTIC.  It gives a shiatsu style massage - meaning it has kind of these balls inside that knead around and help loosen up your muscles.  I mostly keep it by my bed and grab it right before bedtime to relax for about 15 minutes or so before sleep.  Its a leather type material so its easy to wipe clean if you get fingerprints on it, etc.  Overall, I have to say I highly recommend it.
This was a REALLY good deal.  I actually ended up with a couple types of dishwasher soaps (small bags of them), stain remover, gain laundry soap, gain scent booster type product (full size), and some more.  That was WELL worth the money - plus I got the full purchase price back in credit to use on other cleaning products which I took full advantage of!  I highly recommend this box!
Sadly,  quite overpriced  and did not work for me  like other brands.As to the cleanlinesspurity factor of this product- that was a big  plus and the main reason I bought this brand to try.But it kind of makes the purity point moot if it does not work for me as well as the many now dubbed *tainted brands* out there.I thought it was great to find Chlorella made atfrom a so called *clean source*.  I will  still search high and low, for quality Chlorella that does not come from contaminated areas( no easy task).For the money spent to get such purity, with this brand the results were just not there and proved to be money tossed out the window.I wanted to like this product-even despite it being pricey.  I am sorry I didn't.  I also can't say their claims of being the ONLY pure source of Chlorella is true or not.I would need to research further. All I know right now, is what countriesplaces to AVOID getting Chlorella from, and unfortunately they are the same exact places that are providing companies with Chlorella.
This product is fanastic i love the flavor and the fast acting that happens after you chew them the taste is great not chalky at all
I like these containers and they did NOT leak when I filled them with my hippy sunblock brew.  However, only four stars because this set doesn't really screw back down.
You use more elbow grease to get things clean then the actual product cleans. May as well use a lemon and salt for all the scrubbing that you have to do
Very cute but loses a star for not coming with any directions.  There is a line on the back that says vinegar,  so I'm assuming you fill it to the lin6with vinegar,  but for how long do you microwave it? I will have to research.
used in coconut carrier oil for psoriasis, didn't seem to help, but great for other things I'm sure
One side where the the plug is heats up a little just around that area but noheating on largest part across the back or on the right side attachment…..soyou have to sit near the plug outlet and hold it up to the area you need and allareas are cold…it’s totally crazy and 100% ripoff….it’s so bad I don’t feel right giving it to Goodwill
Wanted to love this item! I was recommended this item  by a coworker and I was disappointed since it didn't really seem to do the job in my bathroom. Really disappointed!
I thought the flavor was going to be blah..actually it doesn't have a taste to me.
Decent for the price
These are ok although my daughter hasnt shown much interest in them. They also seem to be a bit of a hazard once shes walking and could fall with this in her mouth.
So much better than the ball gag - per my husband ;)Confortable to wear. Good quality.
Guardian Technologies GG10002PK GermGuardian Pluggable UV-C Sanitizer and DeodorizerWe used to travel a lot for my husband’s work, we carried 2 of these with us at all times to help combat any remaining smells in hotel rooms as well as it worked amazing when we would cook something strong in rooms that had non opening windows.  We now are in a home, and I can tell which rooms I have these in.  I need to get more and have them in more rooms!  We have two in our bedroom; just because our dog spends so much time in there we wanted the extra effort.  We can make fried fish for dinner and you can smell it in the rooms that do not have the filters in them.  By the time we go to bed, there is not a single trace of it in the air.  And our bedroom is just a very short hall off of the kitchen!  Excellent product!
We purchased these for use in hotels as we travel alot!  These have been fantastic at taking that unknown as well as the known orders from hotel rooms.  Not to mention just deleting cooking smells when we have a room that has a kitchen, but no windows that open or fans.  Even fish!
Works great! came quick! Love it great color
Works well and seems to last awhile
Bought this for my daughters law and she just loves it. She gets to practice at home away from her job. She was pleased so I am satisfied. The delivery was quick and the packaging who great.
When I got it the seal was open I’m pretty sure it’s fine other than that I love it!
Arrived on time, item as described.
Works very well for what we're using it for. Highly recommend. The gold makes me feel fancy when I use it.
I really loved this product. By far the best one I've owned. It looked great with my mascara. I could not be happier with it.
Some of the bristles bent after just a few times of using it, which is causing it to really snag and pull hair now.  Concept is great, but wish it had lasted longer.Update: Seller contacted me quickly about my review, and will be refunding this. I appreciate the great customer service!
Very nice little organizer, a bit bigger than I needed since I don't wear a lot of jewelry, but will help me make sure my jewelry doesn't get lost in the bottom of my bag when I travel.
Love this little eyelash curler. I have naturally long eyelashes and when I just use mascara it tends to straighten them out for some reason. This curler works well with or without mascara. Even with mascara your eyelashes don't stick to the pad. The finger holes have a rubber grip so your fingers aren't slipping while using it. This package does come with an extra pad which is always nice but I feel you'll get quite a while of use with the first one. I received this item complimentary for my unbiased review.
Super soft! Nice color. Item is as described. Very happy with purchase. My 5th grader loves it! Very comfy to sleep in and adjustable for all sizes.
Not really sure that this is doing anything that a wash rag doesn't. It seems to be making my skin flaky, maybe that is how it works, getting rid of old bad skin cells. I am hoping that it will get better, and there is a new younger me is under all that flaky skin :). so far, I haven't made up my mind, but I keep getting emails from the company, to review their product, so here it is.
~BEST TOOTHPASTE EVER.HARD TO FIND WHITENING AS WELL AS CLEAN MINT.FAST DELIVERY~
This product does not fit a drive walker. It was a total waste of time and money.If you have a drive brand walker do not bother to buy this tray!!
Have been using this chair for 5 months now and it's still very comfortable.
My son absolutely loves them!  They arrived two days ago and he couldn't be happier.  They are very realistic looking and his father, from a short distance, actually thought he had been scratched by some kittens we are fostering.  My son loved fooling his father!  I bought these through a promotional event, but the price was not discounted, it was available to everyone who purchased them on that date.  I am so happy I took advantage of the opportunity.  I purchased four sets and my son can't wait to use them for Halloween!
I have purchased several Hekunn wooden spoons in the past and love them all.  This one is no exception.  It is high quality and put any wooden spoons I've purchased at department stores to shame.  I was able to participate in a promotional event and receive the spoon at a discounted price in exchange for writing an honest and unbiased review.  I gladly would have paid full price, though, because I love this company's products and I know they are worth the price.  They are beautiful as well as functional.  They are safe to use in non stick pans and also sturdy enough to use for stirring.  Before this spoon arrived their spatula had been my favorite product of theirs.  This right up there with it!  I spend a lot of time in the kitchen and appreciate any quality products that make my time in there easier and more enjoyable.  Products from Hekunn definitely fit that bill!  The products do take longer than some other products to arrive, but they are worth the wait!
Wore them out already. They were super comfy.
Since Clarisonic went out of business and you can't find the replacement brushes anywhere anymore I ordered these as to try to avoid starting over with a new face brush brand and having to buy the whole appliance again.  These  replacement heads fit my Mia 2 just fine, the brush it self is a lower quality, and not as good a Clairsonic and when turned on the center circle vibrates oddly (almost like the cent of the brush is going to pop out as it has a 'loose' feel to it, but I've used it 4x now and it seems to be staying in place even with the odd movement and vibration.  The bristles are not as robuststiff as the Clairsonic so my face certainly doesn't feel as smooth and clean as before, but I guess it's better than nothing at this point, so I'm keeping these replacement heads.  I mean they are about 50% cheaper than the name brand and you can tell the quality is about 50% as good, you do get what you pay for.UPDATE 25OCT2020: I feel taken advantage of my this seller, I purchased 4 Facial Cleansing Brush Head Replacements a few months ago for $25.98, now they are $5.98 for the SAME 4 PACK!  I think the quality is worth the NEW price, but if the price ever jumps above $10 for a 4 pack DON'T DO IT, they are cheaply made and not holding up well with daily use.
Quality pads and thoroughly soaked in witch hazel.  Convenient and good price.  I use these on my face, neck and ears.  Also use to clean scratches and cuts.
This pet pill syringe makes giving medication much easier. I have one dog that runs at the sounds of the pill bottle because she loves the pocket treats and another who you have to hold down to take anything.  We have tried everything to get her to take pills and she always spits them out. With this pill syringe we are able to force them down her throat with the first attempt. The syringe comes with two different sizes but currently we only need one. The syringe also allows you to put water with the pill which I think makes it harder to spit out. This is a great addition to the monthly routine for our animals.I have received this pet pill syringe at a discounted price or free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review of the product. I provide my product review as though I paid full price for it. The views expressed here are my own, based on my personal use and experience with the product, and are unbiased and honest reviews. Any feedback, positive or negative, regarding this product is based on my personal experience with the product. I have not been asked to provide positive feedback, nor have I received any compensation or incentive from the company for this review. I use reviews when purchasing a product and take the task of reviewing products seriously. Like most people, I rely heavily on product reviews when deciding to purchase an item from a particular manufacturer or company. If you feel this review has been helpful, please click the YES button.
This was a really cute looking toothbrush that my daughter really wanted.  Unfortunately, the quality of the brush is really lacking.  It randomly turns onoff.  When she pushes the button it's a luck of the draw if it will actually turn on.  At least she still brushes her teeth though.
Update to my review from 2009:I have found the same product for much cheaper at my local Costco: a bottle of Kirkland "Mucus Relief Chest Guaifenesin 400 mg, 200 tablets" for $11.55 ($0.06400 mg tablet) instead of this ProHealth product of 100 tablets for ~$20 ($0.20400 mg tablet). The ProHealth is over 3 times the price!  And the Kirkland brand tablets are MUCH easier to swallow.The price at my local Costco is currently cheaper, btw, than buying the same Kirkland bottle on amazon (http:www.amazon.comKirkland-Signature-Expectorant-Guaifenesin-Immediate-ReleasedpB002RL8FIEref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=hpc&qid=1291354212&sr=1-1)======================First, my product reviewPros:- Eliminates my snoring! (see below, your mileage will vary)- The least expensive product (per mg) that I have found so far.- Shipping has been reliable from this vendor.- Product is 100% guaifenesin (no decongestent, etc..)Cons- As previously posted by another reviewer, they can be difficult to swallow because of their size and the fact they are not coated. I have a large mouth :)  so not so much a problem for me, but those with smaller mouthsthroats (like my wife) might have more difficulty.I have been taking Guaifenesin for the last 5+ years. My allergy doctor recommends taking it when I first notice allergy or cold symptoms as a means to help me combat the allergycold and recuperate faster.I used to snore often and thought I had sleep apnea (I don't, according to an overnight sleep study). My wife and I were both sleeping poorly from my snoring and our quality of life was greatly impacted.  She made this (life-saving!) observation that I did not snore when I was on the guaifenesin when I was taking it for coldallergy symptoms.Given how guaifenesin is rated as a relatively safe drug, my allergy doctor saw no harm in taking it regularly and told me that, although it is not advertised to help address snoring, he could see how thinning the mucus (that I often have) would make breathing through my air passage easier and reduce the snoring.Guaifenesin might not help your snoring at all, but I would certainly recommend that you talk to your doctor if you have a snoring problem and ask if it makes sense to try it.Pierre
It works!!
I have rust on my water pretty bad. I even have a decent filtration system going on and my bath tube still needs to be cleaned once a week. This is the only stuff that I found that you can spray on and then just spray clean. Once in awhile you might have to wipe or scrub a little...depending on the rust stain. I have used every producr I can think of to tey and find a replacement but notbing comes close. This stuff is hard to find in stores. I would not bother wasting your money on anything else because thslis stuff is the best.
nice looking scale, does what it says
This is great for my contacts!  I use it to rinse off the contact solution they stay in each night. And I love being able to get 3 cans at once.
Love this and would have given five stars if I could, but the product's F box for Fridays snapped off on one side, so I just leave it open on that side and hope it doesn't open too much. Otherwise, I love how much I can fit into it, and I think it's quite stylish.  I like that it's not a box but more a cylinder shape, easier to keep in a handbag or purse. Love the colors too, I can't lie!  :)
I bought the germguardian to deal with kitty litter smell. The kitty litter box is in the spare bedroom's bathroom, and I have not been able to control the odor until now. I run the germguardian 24x7 and it eliminates the smell 100%. The spare bedroom is now the best smelling room in my house. I'm definitely getting a couple more of these guys.I have been running it a little over a week, so I cannot comment on the units reliability. I have my fingers crossed it will last a while.
I wanted to use this for my two aquariums.  I use well water with a known pH value (state lab & API drop test) with a mixture of reverse osmosis water (also known ph).  I was hoping to pin down my pH in the tank which is likely somewhere between 7 and 7.5, but the API drop tests are hard to differentiate in this range.  So I already had a ball park idea what the answer should be.  These strips were easily a full point too low (acidic when it is definitely basic).  Side note--I was using a pipette to place my drops on the strip.Also, some strips are test side down in the kit.  Others are test side up which makes it hard to keep your fingers off.  They really need to be all down to keep from being contaminated.
Picture shown, shows it opens WIDE!  **It DOES NOT!**  I have 2 at home just like this.Sending back. Looks well made, but wanted  one with a WIDER OPENING.
Does the job it's supposed to do. Good purchase!  Wish the handle was a little bit longer.
Does the pad need to be moistened?
Sadly as cute as they are, the scent didn't last more than a day. I will use them all but I don't think I will return for more.
Perfect for sunburn, itchy or dry skin.
A nice fiber pick-me-up, for no guilt snacks, andor light meal replacement. They taste healthy not real sweet but pleasant.
I've had mine for two years and it still works. I smoke every day, sometimes a few times a day. I only use one-hitters though, so not a lot of smoke is going through these. I threw away the caps when I got it. They're useless. The thing needs to be open so it can air out. Your breath has a lot of moisture. I have two regular smoke buddies, and one junior. I love them all. However, I accidentally put my junior one in the washer (yes, the smoke buddy was unusable after this) and it made a mess in my washer, but that's my fault. I love these. They are a bit harder to blow through now that mine is so old, but I just can't afford another one. Thankfully, mine still works.
My wife love it. Well built and less cost. Great for travel and daily use
It may be a particular brand of tennis shoe, but when I walk for long periods of time in them, my toes start to hurt. Usually it is my second toe and it hurt like it was sprained.  Anyway, I am overweight and attributed a lot of the problem to my weight, but noticed with other sneakersflip flops, etc. with the same distance when walking, the pain didn't happen.  The tennis shoes were expensive and it was too late to return them so instead of losing out on being able to wear them entirely, I thought to try these.  They worked and they worked well.  I don't experience that same pain in my toes or when it does, it is after walking over two miles and not on the first mile.  A fairly inexpensive fix to the problem, but next time I go to purchase new walking shoes, I will try a different brand.
Maty's is the best chest rub I have found after 15 years of being a mom and 4 children nothing I have found works better. In addition to so thing a cough and cold it is very calming. The all natural ingredients don't leave a greasy feeling in irritate the skin. We don't only use it for illness, we use it when my children ...the 15, 12, 9 or 4 year old are feeling anxious or sleepless. On the chest and feet, you will be amazed ! I never want to be without this so I keep a backup jar in our medicine cabinet at all times.
nice face soap, gentle...pore reducing?  not so much
So far, so good! It doesn't smell like anything, and I seem to be consistently picking up grime on the towel every time I wipe it down, so it seems to be working. I do feel like I need more than 3 sprays to clean the mat, though.
First off, I regularly use the manual foot files and I usually don't get the results I am looking for no matter what brand I use.  My feet get pretty dry and if I get lazy and don't take of my feet regularly, then I have to work extra hard to get my desired smoothness.  That being said, I didn't file my feet at all while I was waiting for this to arrive in the mail because I wanted to see how it worked on not already smooth feet.  I used it for about 10 minutes or so and my feet looked great.  I didn't have to apply much pressure at all and it easily and effortlessly took off the dead skin and left me with smooth, healthy feet.  The handle is very comfortable to hold while using the callus remover and it comes with a small brush to keep your tool clean.  It small enough that it stores easily without taking up much room.  Great product, especially for the price.  I will absolutely continue to use this a regular part of my beauty routine.
Easy to use, smells great and it's all natural!  I love, LOVE Method products!
Excellent product.  Helps reduce coughing.
Light weight, love the colors and they do not bother my neck when I am wearing them.
I hardly realize I'm wearing it.  I was a little suprised by the light-weight fabric and wondered if it would even work.  But so far, so good.  It is very easy to put on, stays in place and is comfortable.
Been using for almost two weeks now and so far I love it. Love that they’re individually wrapped. Will continue to keep using!
It actually works, it's not a quick relief but it takes the headache away. It does not feel greasy or sticky.
It is a fine product but a little shaky when I had to use it.It needs a counter balance-weight.
Shipped quickly, no problem attaching to walker
When I saw that these were glass, they sounded a little dangerous to me. I kept picturing thin glass breaking easily and cutting myself. This isn't the case at all,with this product. The files are thick, with a white, frosty glass look. They have pretty handles, each a different color. They come in a very nice, small zippered  white case, small enough to fit into a purse or maybe even a makeup bag.I think this product is great! I've used thin files, foam files, and metal files and none of those file my nails the way these do. With those types of nail files, I tend to get jagged edges on my nails, which is so disappointing, because I have to keep filing and filing. These glass files leave my nails looking very nice, and I can file them a lot quicker.I really, really like these. They're  a beauty must.I received this product in exchange for my honest review. All opinions expressed are my own.
I like using this right after a shower. AND, it came with a lovely silk-like case.
Very comfortable, which surprised me! I love that it doesn't press against your eyes. I also suffer from extremely dry eyes, especially in the morning when I wake up, due to multiple fans running at night. This mask helped keep the moving air away from my eyes, which in turn led to waking up with a lot less pain!!! The added darkness was an added bonus!
Works as intended
So far so good. I watched the cats on our cameras turn away from where I sprayed this product. The only problem is you need to spray it about every other day. I hope this continues to work or the next stop for the cats is the humane league.
I like the small size and no filter needed features in this inexpensive air purifier.  It plugs in to an outlet easily and produces small amount of white noise. Works well when used in combination with larger Germ Guardian units in other rooms.  My two plug in units are used in a small powder room with a litter box and the vanity bath area in my dressing room attached to a bathroom.  Our house is equipped with UV lights and strong filters on total house air conditioningheating equipment as well. I also use an IQ air purifier unit for my large open plan livingdiningmedia room combo.  Needless to say I can't tell which air purifiers are doing the best job, but in combination they keep my house clean of dust, odors and most allergens.
This scale doesn't really work properly. it doesn't "lock on" the weight when it is done. I suppose I should send it back, but it's not worth the shipping money in order to get a new one.
I have very mixed feeling about this curling iron. On the one hand, its pretty inexpensive and its does produce lovely curls that last for days, on the other hand....1. there is no temperature control, its either on or off2. its gets REALLY REALLY REALLY hot3. it gets so hot that it really isnt good for my hair type4. i've burned myself with it twice now, one time pretty badly through the heat resistance glove.5. there is no stand to put in down on and since it gets so hot I don't want to put it on my counter top, so its a little awkward to useI've missed the return window and like I said it DOES curl my hair well, but I don't think I can really recommend it to anyone else in good conscious.
These are pretty good for general noise cancelling - mowing the lawn, sporting events, etc, but I wouldn’t recommend them for shooting. None of them felt like they protected my hearing as well as my over the ear protectors do.
These go with the TENS unit I bought and are wonderful on my lower back.  Would recommend all their products highly.
Full disclosure- at first I was totally mad because each roll seemed like it only had a few sticky papers on it, kind of like what you buy at the dollar store. Then I used it. What I like most is that the papers are on a diagonal and it is SO MUCH EASIER than the ones that are horizontal. Finding those and peeling them off is a pain. This is totally easy and the papers are much thinner, so even though it's a thin roll, there's a lot on there. I love these little things.
I must not have read the size before purchase. They're huge! But well made and very pretty.
This product is okay.  The steam is nice, but I think I was hoping for more straightening power.  I must be used to the flat iron.  This is not it.  However, it does do what it says it will do.  Maybe my issue was user error...?
I ordered and quickly received the KINGDOMCARES Salon Fast Natural Straight Hair Straightener Brush Fastest Heating Detangling Styling PTC Hair Straightening Brush 3 Levels Anti-Scald Comb Purple Anti-Static Ceramic Hair Straighteners.  My wife has long hair and fixes it every morning before she goes to work and then at night before church the nights we have church.  This bad boy came in and I surprised her when she came home from work before we had church service tonight. First of all I scored major points for the surprise present and second of all how well it worked!  The package comes with one (1) Hair Straightener; one (1) power cord; two (2) Alligator clips, and a User Manual written in English.  First of all this hair straightener is very light weight so it is easy to hold in my wife's hands.  The alligator clips are so that you can section off your hair into sections and straighten your hair out that way as well. It has a total of three different settings and the highest setting doesn't exceed 365 degrees which is perfect. My wife loves to straighten her hair and blow drys it and her hair isn't extremely curly but it does have some waves in it after it has air dried. She found that this straightener works perfectly for grabbing her hair and straightening it quickly without damage to her hair. She makes sure she adds heat protector to her hair before she used it. She loves how the bristles on the straightener grabs her hair and they do not tug or pull on her hair like her other straighteners that you are suppose to use to brush through your hair. I also find that it calms all her frizz in her hair as well as makes her hair silky smooth and soft. After she is done using the straightener her hair looks extremely healthy.  She loves it and I love how her hair looks using this straightener by Kingdomcares.  I recommend all my friends to buy this for their wives and daughters!;  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
I ordered and quickly received the Pure Science DGL Licorice 500mg - Contains 10% Glycyrrhiza Glabra Root - Supports Digestive & Respiratory Function - 50 Vegetarian Capsules. The bottle arrived with a quality control seal, and inner protective seal. For best results take one (1) capsules daily preferably with meals or as directed by your healthcare professional. Do not exceed the recommended dose. The bottle consist of fifty (50) capsules or fifty (50) servings per container.  My daughter deals with the annoyance of hyperacidity and burning stomach, and it's not an occasional occurrence but a chronic thing.  Usually she dealt with burning stomach or heartburn is to take antacids like Tums, Tagamet or Prilosec. All of these medications work by reducing the stomach acidity.  Tums contain alkaline ingredients like calcium carbonate that directly neutralizes the HCL acid in the stomach for a short period of time (because obviously then the stomach produces more). Tagamet and Zantac work by blocking the H2 histamine receptors, which regulate the acid production on the stomach. They provide a long lasting reduction in stomach acidity, because they lower the production of acid instead of acting on the acid itself. Prilosec and similar drugs belong to the class of the proton pump inhibitors, which again works by reducing the production of acid by the stomach, in a long lasting, and more aggressive way.  One problem that people (including often doctors) don't understand is that when people experience heartburn or burning stomach, it's often not caused by an actual excess of acidity in the stomach, but by a damage of the layer of mucus that protects the stomach lining. The stomach is designed to have a very high acidity, both to digest foods and to protect against pathogens that can be ingested with the food, because most are killed by the highly acidic environment of the stomach. Acids damage tissues so normally there is a layer of acid-resistant mucus that creates a buffer between the acid inside the stomach and the stomach itself. As long as this barrier is in place everything is good.  The mucus production, however, can be reduced by several different factors, like use of aspirin and similar NSAIDs, stress, steroid drugs, etc. If the protective mucus is reduced, the stomach lining will become vulnerable to the corrosive action of the stomach acids, which will create burning, pain, etc.  It seems clear that the best approach is to increase the production of protective mucus, rather than reducing the stomach acidity, yet all the official therapies focus on reducing the stomach acidity. This, by the way, is a terrible idea (unless it's a legitimate case of hyperclorridia or excessive stomach acid) because not only does it make you more vulnerable to food borne pathogens, but it can contribute to an overgrowth of H. Pylori, if that's already an issue for you. Helicobacter Pylori is a bacteria commonly found in the stomach that can overcolonize lead to stomach ulcers. H Pylori prevents a less acidic environment, and it can actually reduce the ph of the stomach acid. So, if you are taking anything to reduce stomach acid, you are actually doing H Pylori a favor, for which it will repay you with some excruciating ulcers.  Additionally, reducing stomach acid also impairs your digestion and assimilation of vitamins and nutrients. Vitamin B12, for instance, requires a certain acidity for it to be absorbed. Same thing for iron and many others.  The only thing that is known to increase the production of the protective stomach mucus is licorice, which DGL is made from. (By the way, I am talking about REAL licorice, not the fake &#34;licorice&#34; flavored candies that are actually flavored with anise and bear no resemblance to real licorice.).  So far she have not had any side effects. Her stomach has not bothered me. The licorice seems to be of good quality and there does not appear to be anything wrong with it. I would recommend it to others.  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
I ordered and quickly received the Copper Knee Sleeve - Knee Brace - Great For Running, Basketball, Cross fit, Comfortable Compression and Supportive Knee Sleeve - Helps Surgery Recovery - Prevent Knee Injury - Large.  These two (2) Copper Knee sleeves come packaged in a sealed clear plastic container with a label on the front.  This package features: Includes 2 Copper Care compression support system knee sleeves; and is designed to support minor to moderate sprains, muscle strains and sore joints; offers Antimicrobial technology helps to reduce odor causing bacteria, Quick drying, moisture-wicking design; Anatomical fit elastic strip upper and lower leg for constant comfortable compression; offers a Unique, lightweight knitted copper infused material design allows superior stretch and comfort also, provides optimal fit while keeping your performance at a high level; and helps stimulate blood flow to aid in recovery and removal of lactic acid *Copper compression provides mild support to joint.  These fit me very well and keep there shape.  The cheaper ones I have bought in the past stretch out after only wearing them a few times.  I received this free or virtually so for product testing and review. I am under no obligation to provide a positive review and receive no incentives or rewards for doing so. My aim is to highlight features and drawbacks that I would want to know about as a buyer, not hype the product for the manufacturer.  I enjoy doing this and feel I am helping hundreds of people to make a decision on purchasing items on a monthly basis!  My remarks are sincere and my own. I work very hard trying to write insightful and thoughtful reviews for each item. My hope is that these reviews are helpful to others. While it is true that many items are received at discounted rates or complimentary, my reviews are completely honest and are my personal experiences with the product. Again, it is just my opinion, your own opinion might vary. I received no monetary compensation and not required to give a good review.
poor quality item. Did not last as long as the ones that came with the mask. Seal broke within 2 months on 3 of them
Grandchildren love them. Nice product
Cooling Pillow LOL, its made of heavy plastic that makes your face sweat & sticks to your skin. It get hot with 5 minutes of use. Pillow case is sweaty & is itchy. It's the size of an ice pack for your knee, NOT a pillow, its tiny (see pic my hand is very small). The same "pillow" in black is sold as a testicle cooling pad for vasectomies by this seller.Gel balls are so noisy & move even when you breath, I used for 5 minutes, couldn't take the noise & had to peeled it off my face.IT'S NOT COOLING OR A PILLOW!!!
Bought to give away
They are helping especially with cramps.in my feet.
It does what is says it will do -removes hair painlessly.  It does take significant amount of time rubbing it in a circular motion to remove the hair, but it does eventually remove the hair and it does not hurt at all, unlike waxing or using an epilator.  Your skin is exfoliated in the process so it is really smooth afterwards.  I was able to do one half of my leg from the knee down, on the front, before my arm got too tired so I will do a little each day after my shower until it is all done.BONUS: it also works on facial hair that I normally get a wax treatment for.  I was looking at my lady lip hairs and it reminded me that I need to make an appointment for a wax treatment, then saw this device sitting on the bathroom counter and had a lightbulb moment…would this work on my little bit of random lip hair???  I had just washed my face so I gave it a try and it worked!  Again, the exfoliation left my skin feeling smooth and soft, and no little hairs needing to either be plucked or waxed.  Because of this along I have upgraded it from 4 stars to 5 stars, now I don’t need to schedule a wax appointment and have my upper lip swollen and red all day after the waxing like it usually is.  I had no irritation at all from this device.  Saying goodbye to my every couple of weeks painful waxing appointments!I had my doubts that it would work, or if it did remove the hair it would have my sensitive skin very irritated, but I was wrong on both parts.  It worked and my skin was not harmed at all.  Kind of a cool device. And cost less than a single waxing appointment too!
First, GERY company, try enclosing instructions with your product, or at least make the information available to consumers on the internet somewhere.  I have no idea what all of the attachments do, they appear to each have a unique purpose but I will never know what they are.  I had to search the internet to find out how to even use the device at all.Second, yes, it 'can' suck out a pimple, but it will leave an even uglier bruised looking place on your body where to removed it.  Don't use it on your face if you have anywhere in public to go the same day.  I only used on tip because I had no idea which tips and tools where for what purpose (again, instructions would have been nice).Third, this seems very unsanitary.  The zit contents, and blood, are sucked into the vacuum attachment and onto the sponge thing on the device.  It is difficult to clean it out or off.  I had to use straw brush to clean in the attachment and then I certainly didn't want to use it for cleaning straws after that, Gross.Honestly I don't know what I expected from this device but I can tell you that it does not work the way the video showed it working in the animated clip.  And unless you like little hickies I don't recommend it for people with sensitive or even mildly sensitive skin.I would not recommend this product to a friend.  Sorry Gery.
didn't bring back the black and remove scuff marks as well as I expected
As my husband and I get older, we are realizing why our parents would be so frustrated for the fact that hair is now growing in all the wrong places. My face has some unwanted hair and my husbands nose and ears are getting a few stragglers every now and then. This tool is rechargeable (so no need to worry about batteries!) and has many different attachments. It came packaged well. It cuts without being in danger of cutting skin, which is super important when trimming your nose or ears and can't really see what you're doing. Exactly what I expected the product to do
The nipple suckers do not work well at all, the syringe is not strong or long enough to get the suction needed for those with truly inverted nipples.The nipple correctors work but the surface area is way too large and definitely intended for someone with big nipples. If your nipples are smaller it’ll hurt a lot more than necessary.I’d only recommend the nipple correctors and only for those with large nipples. I’d say honestly to look for another brand myself I wasn’t too impressed.
I had WLS in 2013 and I absolutely have struggled so much getting enough of what I need. It's very difficult to manage. Usually I have to take a lot of vitamins to get all of what I should have and can't get as easily from food. This ultimately makes me nauseous. THESE ARE AWESOME. I only have to take one vitamin to get all of what I need (aside from iron) which is absolutely wonderful compared to what I was having to do. Not sure how I lived so long without these. Total game changer. These still can make me nauseous if I don't have them with food but that's likely due to just not having as big of a stomach so it's really not a big issue. If you have had WLS please grab these and don't try and manage the vitamins on your own, it's so much trouble when you could just take something literally made for your needs.
As my husband and I get older, we are realizing why our parents would be so frustrated for the fact that hair is now growing in all the wrong places. My face has some unwanted hair and my husbands nose and ears are getting a few stragglers every now and then. This tool is rechargeable (so no need to worry about batteries!) and has many different attachments. It came packaged well. It cuts without being in danger of cutting skin, which is super important when trimming your nose or ears and can't really see what you're doing. Exactly what I expected the product to do
Comfortable and as advertised you can still hear everything just that really loud sounds are blocked and reduced in volume. I use them several days a week and have had no problems with them. Recommended.
I love how this feels on my face. It's really relaxing and it has Bluetooth. I connected it to my phone and relaxed and listened to my music. I has 4 massage modes, hot compress, and kneading massage. I didn't have any problem with the comfort, it felt good. It's also cheaper than the other ones I've seen.
It worked really great and you can see the screen very clearly. That's what got me was the brightness and clarity of the LED screen. I also like that it has usb-C and it comes with a bag too. Nice.
This little thing is a great shaver and trimmer. It does the job and it's really compact, which will be great for travel.
How did people clean walls before these? The magic part of the name is more accurate than anything I can think of.
Great to have in your stash especially if you have daughters! After the whole toilet paper shortage last Spring, I decided to get these to have on hand. Soft and well made.
Absolutely AMAZING!!! If you like “digging thumb deep” shoulder and neck rubs, you’ll love this. And it doesn’t get tired! :)
Love this stuff. Smells better than Aqua Reef and just like all of the other Old Spice gel deodorants it goes on smooth and lasts all day long. Recommend this to anyone who wants to smell great!
I'm a protein powder nut. I start off every day with a protein shake and I love trying new flavors and combinations of flavors to keep it from getting boring. Of all the proteins I've tried recently, this and the oatmeal cookie version from the same brand have been some of my favorites flavor wise! Oh. My. Word. Yum. I thought it would be like Nutela, but it actually has a bit of a nutty flavor along with the chocolate, which I really enjoyed. I seriously love the taste. It mixes smoothly and isn't gritty at all. My only complaint is that it's sweetened with sucralose. I'd prefer something a little more natural like stevia or monk fruit, but other than that, it's fantastic!
I'm a protein powder nut. I start off every day with a protein shake and I love trying new flavors and combinations of flavors to keep it from getting boring. Of all the proteins I've tried recently, this and the chocolate hazelnut version from the same brand have been some of my favorites flavor wise! Oh. My. Word. Yum. I seriously love the taste. It mixes smoothly and isn't gritty at all. My only complaint is that it's sweetened with sucralose. I'd prefer something a little more natural like stevia or monk fruit, but other than that, it's fantastic!
I start every day off with a nutrition packed protein smoothie. What I appreciate about this mix is that I don't feel like I have to add an additional superfoods powder to my smoothie because the ingredients are already to fantastic! I tried just blending it with ice cubes and coconut milk the first time I had it, but the flavor was a little bland and the pea protein left a chalky taste in my mouth so I added some cold brew coffee and a splash of coffee creamer and  then it tasted like I was drinking a delicious blended coffee! Yum! If you don't mind doing a little doctoring to mask the chalkiness this is a great option with squeaky clean ingredients!
I start off every day with a protein shake to get me going and stave off cravings until lunch. I prefer to use a protein that includes a superfood blend like this one. The ingredients in this mix are fantastic and it is exactly what I'm looking for to start the day off on the right foot. Unfortunately, like most proteins with pea protein as one of the main protein sources, it has kind of a chalky flavortexture. If you're used to using pea protein products, you know what I'm talking about. I wasn't wild about the flavor just on it's own. With a little tweaking though, it's not bad. I've found if you blend it into a smoothie using coffee that's been frozen into cubes with coconut milk and a splash of your favorite coffee creamer, it's actually pretty delicious and tastes like a frappe. The price is also pretty reasonable for a protein with ingredients this clean. I would order this again.
I'm a busy mom and don't always have time to fix a big nutritious meal... and yet I still want to be providing my body with powerhouse nutrients to keep me going through the day. This powder is the perfect solution for me on days when a pack of crackers I found shoved in the bottom of the diaper bag between errands is what's on the menu for "Lunch." You just mix a scoop of the powder with 8 ounces of your beverage of choice and that's it! You've got a powerful nutrient boost! I'm really impressed by the ingredients in this powder. It's full of all the good stuff and free from all the bad stuff. It's sweetened with monk fruit and isn't full of a bunch of added ingredients and dyes. Flavor wise, I thought it was pretty good. It has a very pleasant berrypomegranate flavor. It wasn't a chore to drink, although the hint of beets was a bit unsettling. I doubt most people would even notice the mild beet flavor, but I have a profound abhorrence of beets, so I'm uber sensitive to the flavor and can pick it up in things where most people wouldn't have a clue it was even there, so unless you loathe beets as much as I do, it's probably not a big deal. I only notice the beet flavor when mixed with straight water. If you make a smoothie using this powder, vanilla protein, a few frozen strawberries and coconut milk, It's absolutely delicious and I don't pick up on the beets at all. This product is definitely on the pricey side, but as with most things in life, you get what you pay for. I would order this again.
I'd never even heard of white noise machines before I became a parent, and now I'm practically a white noise hoarder. I have one in each of my kids rooms, a portable one for travel and one that gets left at Grandma's house in case I forget mine. Plus a couple extras, you know, in case one breaks. It's bad. I have a problem. But they're just so stinkin' soothing and they cover every squeak of the floor in my 100 year old house so I can sneak into my sleeping kids rooms without waking them up. Of all the white noise machines I've had, this one has the least annoying "bonus" sounds of all of them. I usually just use the various white noise settings, but on this one the nature sounds and music are actually really nice! I'm impressed! I wish there was a way to have it rotate through all the songs instead of play "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" 500 times in a row, but other than that there's really nothing about this that I don't like. The light is soft and you can select the color of light you prefer or have it fade through the whole rainbow. A rechargeable battery would really knock this out of the park so I could have the option to use it without being plugged in, but it's not something I really need I guess. I would definitely recommend this to any new parent!
I wasn't sure what to expect of this protein powder. I've tried many different plant based proteins but never oat. I was a little confused on what the flavor was supposed to be... It looks like an oatmeal cream pie on the packaging, but says that the flavor is "Marshmallow." I wonder if it's supposed to be a marshmallow filled oatmeal cream pie? The packaging should really be updated to be less confusing. This definitely tastes nothing like a marshmallow, but it does taste like an oatmeal cream pie! I was actually pretty impressed by the flavor! I blended it into a smoothie with frozen coffee cubes, coconut milk and a splash of my favorite coffee creamer and it tasted like an oatmeal cream pie frappuccino! It was so delicious that my 3 year old kept trying to steal it, so I made her a coffee free version and she loved it. I really appreciate that this is sweetened with more natural sweeteners. That's a big deal to me when I'm shopping for protein powder. Other than the confusion as to what flavor this is actually supposed to be, I'm happy with it and would order this again.
Collagen is a fantastic supplement for so many reasons! It's great for your hair, skin, nails, gut, immune system, and more! This powder is super easy to incorporate into your diet. My favorite way to take it is to blend it into my morning protein smoothie. It virtually disappears and you'd have no idea it was even there. You can also add it to both hot and cold drinks, sprinkle it on your yogurt, add it to soup, bake with it, etc... It's super easy to sneak into almost anything. This powder is nice and fine and seems to be nice quality. This is a little more expensive than other varieties I've seen though. Usually you can get a 1lb tub of collagen powder for about the same price as this and this is only 10 ounces, so it's not the best deal, but it does seem to be good quality.
These are basically candy... With a small amount of elderberry and vitamin c. The dosage of elderberry is quite low and they are pretty much straight sugar. They also don't look anything like the picture and are coated in sugar. They definitely are delicious, but if you want something with a higher amount of elderberry and lower amount of sugar I'd probably get something else.
These are nice, easy to swallow little pills. They are quite small so even people who struggle to swallow pills shouldn't have too much trouble with them. I appreciate the fact that these are made with coconut oil to aid absorption. I've been trying to increase my vitamin D levels after several doctors have come out with studies suggesting that people with higher levels of vitamin D tend to not get as sick if they catch Covid-19. It's not going to hurt anything so it's definitely worth a try! I live in the mid-west where the winters can be pretty brutal, so I don't get outside much, as a result my vitamin D levels aren't as high as they could be. My only disappointment is that after I ordered these vitamins I found a bottle that has an entire years worth of vitmain D in the same dosage, same small pills, also liposomal and also made with coconut oil, but it was an entire years worth for only a couple dollars more, so these definitely aren't the best deal out there.
I've recently discovered the wonders of gel manicures! No drying time and they last for weeks? Sign me up! I love the colors included in this set! They are very vibrant and bright! The colors go on fairly thin so it takes a couple of coats to get good coverage. The glitter polish is a bit on the chunky side, which is pretty, but rather hard to get it to look even. The polish arrived nicely packaged in a box with foam to hold it in place and a color dot on top of each bottle to quickly identify the colors since gel polish arrives in black bottles. I'm happy with it so far and would order this again.
I’m a busy mom of two small children, which means I’m on my feet a lot pretty much all day. When I actually get a few minutes to myself, I’ve been really enjoying this foot massager! It has variable speeds and pressure as well as heat that really help my feet feel relaxed. I feel like it’s a little rough on my heels, and I wish I could turn that part off once it gets uncomfortable, but the disc that massages the arches and the balls of the feet feels good. The part that goes over your feet inflates to squeeze your feet kind of like a blood pressure cuff, and pushes your feet down onto the massager so you get a deep massage on the bottoms of your feet. It comes in a nice box, and would be a great gift.
What’s better than a piña colada? A piña colada the packs a powerful protein punch! I definitely give this drink mix five stars for flavor. It doesn’t taste at all like traditional whey protein powder, it seriously does just taste like you’re drinking a piña colada. Blend  it with some ice and coconut milk and you are good to go. Before ordering it, I scoured the product information page but I couldn’t find a list of ingredients listing the sweetener. I am fairly particular about what sweeteners I use, but decided to take a chance, since I love Piña colada, even though I didn’t see where the sweetener was listed. I was disappointed when it arrived and saw that uses sucralose, which tends to make me feel sick. I will probably not be finishing this due to that fact, despite the delicious flavor. The “Ingredients” List on the Amazon page literally just says “Whey protein isolate.” This should definitely be updated, so that people can make an informed decision about what they’re putting into their bodies. If you don’t mind sucralose, this is a delicious protein powder for sure.
I love the massive amount of time turmeric in these capsules! Turmeric is a wonderful, all natural, anti-inflammatory, joint pain fighting machine! Most brands that I’ve looked at have under 1000 mg per serving. But I was looking for a product that packed a bit more of a punch and this product was the winner! Each serving of 3 veggie capsules contains over 2000 mg of turmeric as well as black pepper for maximum absorption. It’s organic and each bottle contains a months worth of capsules.
When I first opened the container of gummies I was expecting to smell something light and citrus-y. Instead I was met with a very strong odor that smells like a combination of plastic and cleaning supplies. It's quite strong. Despite the rather scary aroma, I tried one anyway, and they are quite delicious, I'm just a bit put off by the smell.
The medium worked for my smallish man's arm.  Good quality and it should last.  Use it before you need it for best results.
Product packaging was poor, with no protection for a thin box. Product itself seems to be undamaged. Quality of product is fine.
Great Item at a great price, thank you!
My mom raved about the old fashioned Norelco electric razors, but I'd never tried one quite like it. This 5-head razor gives me the closest shave ever! Where has it been all my life? Usually my electric razors are good in a pinch, but they always make look like I have 1-2 days growth. This shaver is different. It's just as close as a manual razor. My legs and underarms are just as smooth as if I've just whipped out the shaving cream and straight razor. I also love how the five heads are put together in natural curves to complement the human body. It's as if this was custom designed to fit over my knee caps - and how many electric shavers can actually get the knees smooth? Up and down, or around in circles, this safe razor will never hurt you.As an awesome bonus, this razor comes with several attachments. (To change attachments, and to clean it, read the manual and have some faith that pushing and pulling won't break the device.) I've tried the trimmer with the three levels of attachments, and it's not barber-quality but it's good enough in a pinch. The facial massage and scrubber are really nice. The dry brush massage is so gentle, and the soft plastic scrubber really adds an extra oomph to my cleanser. Thankfully, I haven't had to use the nose hair clippers, so I can't report on the effectiveness.It also comes with a little brush to clean under the heads (again, read the manual), and a small bottle of oil so you can replenish the lubrication. My device came pre-lubricated, which was nice. It's easy to hold, quick and easy to charge in a USB port (cord included), and the electric display shows how much time is left before you need to recharge. It is not waterproof, though, so don't take it into the bath. Dry off and use it after.
pretty much useless. i got it for cats. they're freaks to begin with and have to be on prozac, so i bought this anticipating trouble. this was not helpful. as an alternative, i also purchased those treat things that you shove the pill in, and although they needed some coaxing & praise, the cats now gobble their pills eagerly every day! success.
Puffs are very low quality. Thin and not nearly as soft as other lotion tissue. The price was not much different, so I feel the value is low. Buy Kleenex or one of many store brands that are far better quality.
These are definitely heavy duty clippers! I got them for my husband because he said his clippers were not doing the job well anymore. He told me to get a better quality clipper so I researched for a little while and saw these with good reviews. My husband said they scared him on the first clip he did! hahahahaha  I think these could cut metal if you tried it. LOL
It said in the description that it would fit most cleaning wands.  Well, I have two different ones and it doesn't. Now I can't return it to Amazon because it says the window of time to return is too late. But I didn't need to replace it till now and when I tried to put it on the one I have,  it doesn't fit!!
Just got it.  Doesn't turn on.
Not good at all
Best sleep aid on the market.
If you have small feet, these are still too big even though they say they are for children.  I have a 5 narrow and these are too big.
Purchased several times. Does not bother our stomachs.
These were better than nothing but not that great. There was not a lot of lathering. One major problem is you have to make sure your hands are dry when you go to pick one of the sheets up. If not, you got a bunch all at one time. I was hoping this was going to be the answer when traveling, but it was probably a one time purchase. Regular bar of soap did better for us.
3.5 stars. These were bough as an emergency fix and worked in a pinch, but the hand rests are NOT palm friendly and were very uncomfortable for my son. People who use forearm crutches all the time need curved hand rests for comfort. These were inexpensive and quick delivery.
These say that they're new and OEM, but they cut like they've been poorly refurbished.  Not impressed, and will not buy again.
Got a new pair of dress boots I love, except that the heels don't have a good grip and I didn't feel comfortable walking on tile or slick hardwood. These took care of it.They are shaped for toes, but I needed it for the heel so I used scissors to cut to fit which was easy enough.  I thought that since the fit wasn't exact they might have a tendency to peel off, but I've worn the boots several times the these grips are still stuck tight.  I imagine they will eventually peel, but for the price I'm willing to replace once or twice a season if necessary.I was also worried that they might be too rough me to want to wear on our nicely finished floors, but they seem ok.Downside, they took a LONG time to be delivered, like over three weeks.  Buy before the season starts!
I have tried just about every type of powder and potion available to help control my recurring "jock itch" and extreme sweating.  This is the first one that truly helped me.  I HATE anything with menthol.  I guess it's my skin or maybe because of the irritation I get from chafing, but mentholated products really BURN my balls!!  I don't even like putting that stuff on my back (which sweats insanely) or anyplace else on my body.  Thank God these guys have an Unscented formula of this powder that doesn't have menthol in it or anything else my skin reacts to sensitively.  Just please promise me you guys won't add menthol to your unscented powder!!  I think it's in the other two scents you make, and I know loads of guys like that "cooling" sensation - but this guy can't take the BURN.  Thanks again for an excellent product.  The three pack is a great deal plus I like knowing proceeds go to fight testicular cancer as I've known two guys who had it - one was my uncle and I don't want to think of anybody going through what he endured.
With all the growth in technology, I'm not sure how optimum's stuff still tastes bad. Very chalky and bitter.
I like the oval shape, it’s good for working in between the scapula and spine.
This works like a dream. Simple, perfect curls. But there is a huge problem. It doesn't stay charged to curl your whole head. I got a little over halfway done and the battery died. It was only on for about 20 minutes. Who has time to stop and recharge halfway through styling?? So sad because it works great but the battery dying is unacceptable.
These are so pretty and exactly what I wanted.
got exactly what I was expecting
 Cute nail trimmer. Gets the job done
I love this towel! The picture is great, and the towel is awesome for the beach or pool. It's a little smaller than most beach towels, but it works great for me!
This is the biggest piece oh shiiiiiiii I ever bought ! It does not even work
I love that these are so lightweight and that they have a flexible frame.  These are great, I'm not kidding!  I was skeptical about ordering online glasses, but these are such good quality lenses that they don't just work for upclose, they work great for that 2 to 3 foot range for working on my computer too.Update:  I just ordered two more pairs!
I purchased this for my fiance and got a size large as he is a smaller framed male. I honestly should have just gotten the XL. He says it works but chafes under the armpits after a while so he can only wear it short term. All in all a good product but definitely suggest a size up from what youd normally wear.
Small and perfect box size for friends if you're looking for something simple.
 I have to take gummy supplements due to pills irritating my stomach. These taste like prunes, smell like sweet mushrooms so the flavor is offputting but not bad.
Love the bleach tablets! Though expensive for only 40, they have helped with my asthma. I can't breathe in the bleach fumes and this is a way of preventing it! And they are easy to use and work!
Durable and better than most silicon scrubbers. Must have if you struggle with psoriasis, eczema, or alopecia. My psoriasis is lessened in appearance and with much shorter shower times and products.
The description says (copied & pasted)  "Including: Cleaning supplies, including 1 sanitary stick, 1 storage bucket and 10 disposable sanitary stick refills". The title didn't say it but I bought this based on the description. This is useless as is. It won't work with a Clorox wand. Plus, I didn't know it was being mailed from China. Guess I didn't read the description well enough. Returning asap.
Nice sturdy brush, bristles are are not too soft, just right. Bought to replace another I ordered that was much too soft. It could be just a tad longer, but it does reach all of my back, so does the Job.
Not great direction on how to specifically use, had to YouTube it, got stuck in hair a few times that hurt and tied a not, but after YouTube,  I was able to figure it out. Battery doesn't stayed charged for 60 mins as stated: did 6 strands and 50% battery down.  Why don't products with USB cords come with outlet plug-ins? Can't do my half head without it dying, not worth buying only if u have shirt thin hair.
I bought this product but it did not fit my massage table. The return policy said it could be returned or replaced. However, I tried returning and it says not returnable. I am now stuck with pricey, unusable pad.
I was a little nervous ordering these because some reviewers noted they are small.  For the price, I decided to give them a try and if they were too small my teen daughter could wear them.  Glad I ordered because they fit great!  The seam down the center also helps prevent breathing in your mask while talking and breathing.  I wish I ordered these sooner!
The best quality potassium I've ever bought!! Great product!
I had high hopes but really unimpressed with this product. I feel i get a better effect with dollar store triple antiobiotic ointment.
This is the best value for rope style cotton for vaping using rebuildable atomizers on amazon.
This doesnt smell as strong as some others but it is a large quantity of eucalyptus oil for the price
Very nice. Worth the money
With Covid eyeglasses all fogged up we purchased this.  It kind of works.  The process to cleanapply is much different than regular eyeglass cleaner and you spray, smear it around until dry, and then wipe any streaks off.  The glass still fogged up from breathing but much less than untreated lenses.  Will keep and try again until I can figure this stuff out.
We bought these because they came packaged 10 per bag rather than one bag of 100.  Much easier to use and the packaging doesn't expose the whole lot each time you retrieve a few for use.
These were too big for my needs. I returned them.
Like the product but way to much money for a piece of plastic.
Because of health issues I have to be very conscious of getting enough protein and THIS product is great to use in many ways. I have concocted a frozen mixture which I keep on hand at all times...this protein boosts the grams and also boosts the flavoring!! My favorite.
Bought these files as a birthday present for a friend. They come in a nice, black velvet sleeve. I like having a small and large file.  They are very pretty with the colored glass.
They are nice bags. I am using them in my litter genie.  They are much less expensive than the refills and are just as good to hold kitty poo.  I will buy again
Very inaccurate readings. Do not buy. Waste of money
I like this mask. While a gaiter is my favorite, there are times when gaiters are not appropriate or it is too hot to use them.  My biggest complaint about masks, besides my glasses fogging, are feeling like the straps are going to pull my ears off.  Then the third most annoying thing is where do you put them when they are not on.  I used my center console in my car for a while, but that just means 80% of the time I was walking back to my car when I remembered that I needed a mask. I thought about my pocket, but don’t really want to breathe through pocket litter residue.  It wasn’t until I saw a football game and the coaching staff had masks with a “croakie” for lack of a better term.  Because I do have a large head, I bought the XL’s.The way this mask works is that the neck and ear pieces are connected.  The mask and keeper can be pulled over any head or hair style without a lot of fuss.  Then when you are ready to put the mask on you grab the keeper and get some slack which goes behind the ears, tug the keeper til it’s tight and mask is in place.In all this mask, has the tapered cut at the nose and plenty of coverage.  If there is one flaw it is that it never seems tight enough.  It doesn’t fall off or anything, but it feels like it might.  While this is slightly annoying, have the mask hanging around your neck, always ready to use makes up for the fit.  If you wear glasses, there is enough fabric that you can bring it up over your nose and then let your glasses sit on the fabric.  This does two things- eliminates fogging and helps you feel like the mask is snug.If you have a large head, can’t keep up with or forget your mask, then I highly recommend this style of mask.  I have not tried others like this, so the 4 may be unfair.  I just think the construction could be improved upon slightly and make the perfect mask - if there is such a thing.
How come every time you find a cleaning product you really like when you go back to buy it again it becomes a mission.  This is one such product.  Many years ago I discovered the saving that could be had buying bulkconcentrated cleaning products.  From orange cleaner to Murphy’s oil soap the saving is staggering. So when this product first came out I jumped on it.  And have been using it ever since.  Thankfully I had bout an additional bottle to see which scent I preferred way back when because now this product isn’t at Walmart, Kroger, Lowe’s, etc in our area.  Thankfully amazon is there to deliver the Items that cannot be found.Who knows what lengths I will have to go to in a few years but that is tomorrow’s problem.Great cleaner, fresh scent.  I usually have a double strength bottle and a regular bottle.  The cleaner is very good and takes most of the work out of it after it soaks in.
Attempted to install holder onto Holder.  Clips on both sides broke off.  Made of hard plastic and have no give.  Commode piping needs to be smaller than toilet holder.
The texture is just right; not too much hard beeswax or too much soft olive oil.The price is reasonable compared with the big name brand.The taste of olive oil is ok & I'd rather have that than petro-chemicals on my lips.I'm not happy that the use-by date is only 2 months after the date my order came.So all the unused tubes will have to be stored in the refrigerator or freezer door until needed.
I bought similar screens before and they were poorly stamped out of the screen and they were much thinner.  These screens seem to last longer too.
My doctor recommended these and a I’ve been taking them for a couple of years. GNC has great items at reasonable prices. I recommend!
Capella Flavor Drops Gingerbread Concentrate-For  a flavoring it taste so-so.  Has a slightly artificial under taste.  Nice smell. I added to my coffee and food. It sort of tastes like it has ginger in it but only semi-convincing. Weak flavor.  Not terrible but not good.  Bitter is not the problem.  Ginger tends to be a little bitter but the flavor is not balanced properly.  Will finish bottle because it not it's awful but will not buy again.
Excellent product and a really great value.
Great way to curb an appetite...really love it.
I was a little worried about sizing because I'm larger - but it fits great and is really easy to adjust. Definitely helps me not to slouch without being uncomfortable. I've noticed a big improvement in my back pain since I started using it.
I had a cross made of silver and it was completely black from tarnishing, I follow the directions and dip it in the solution for just a few seconds when It came out I wiped it and wonderful. Great product highly recommend .
Lightweight soft.  I like these.  Great value.
Really great for getting hard water stains out of the toilet bowl. It's the only thing that removes hard water buildup from our toilets.
Great after my foot surgery. Makes a difference
It looks good but it was a pain to put together. I should have read the description I didn’t realize I had to put it together.
i don't really have anything to compare this to, my first foray into protein powders, i wanted something simple, no funky chemical engineering or mystery ingredients. this fit the bill.
This is my second time ordering these, they work great for me - I like to pack light, so I bring these and a few large ziplock bags, I throw a couple of strips in a bag filled with water, let the strip dissolve, then add my shirt, or swimsuit, or whatever, I can agitate and rinse or let sit overnight in the bag to soak.
Exactly what I expected.
I buy these for myself, not kids, I love them.
Use this a few times a week on a bichon and it keeps her eyes bright and clean
Bounty is about as good for a fraction of the price.
These are a bit smaller than I thought they'd be but they do adhere well and relieve pain. You seriously forget you are wearing them, they are that comfortable. Much nicer to wear for any length of time than the gel patches. When it takes 2 to cover an area though that makes them quite expensive.
This got the job done, but if you try to move it around under your desk with your feet, it will collapse. There are places where the metal stick (not rod- it's not that sturdy) are supposed to click into slots, but the slots are too big so it doesn't stay in place when you move it. This is way too cheap to cost nearly $100.
Pills tend to get stuck in there so have to do it a couple times at times and my cat not super happy but I like the small design with the loops for more control and if I can get the pill to go first time it’s perfect!
Really a necessity for a scooter!
I liked the effect from these CorneaCare Rescue: Self Cooling Hydrogel Cold Compress Eye Cooling Pads. Personally I preferred the cooling effect after putting them Eye Cooling pads in the fridge before using but I found them to be very helpful with my dry eyes and puffy eyes from allergies.
This book’s been so helpful for learning more about pressure points and how they can help with pain relief! I’d definitely recommend reading it to others.
I’ve been happy with how well this has been working for me. I would recommend this to others!
I had trouble with this using product.  I’m on the fence about recommending it to others.
As advertised, good product, good vendor.
As advertised.
Product used for dryness of eyes.
I started using this to prevent a biofilm from developing. The jury is still out as to if it does that, but it makes me feel better. So I give it 2 thumbs up.
This little tens unit has been a godsend. My back has been killing me and I ordered myself one of these and by day 2 of using it. I have no more Pain. It is super reasonable in price its made  very well.and easy to use. Make sure you get 3 AAA batteries for it too.
This remedy comes in an easy dose tube just turn upside down turn the top the pellets drop down. Good for my restless legs with cramping. Good value for the money.
This has been a life saver,  I can't say enough good things.
It's natural,great for scalp
The cloths comes off the holder. Too much trouble to use,
Very comfortable and relievers pressure from hips and lower back
good size but a bit pricey for a sponge.  OK if it holds up as my former one did.
This is not worth the money. Far too small to fit even the basic first aid essentials.
I like the value of getting ten boxes at once. And you can’t go wrong with puffs!
The perfect size wedge. I use it in my bed
I thought it would open to clip on back of shoe but it doesn't.  You have to slide it on and if your shoe isn't really stiff, it's very difficult to get on. Also, the handle is too short making it more difficult to reach and remove once you get your foot in the shoe. My long handle shoe horn works much better.
He got me to try it. He says my moods are improved. It. DEFINITELY adds marital spice for us both. Try it for that reason if nothing else.Hubby also takes other things from the Isagenix line and has lost weight.The only concern is price.
I didn't feel difference using these and for the cost I don't recommend.
These wipes are barely suitable for use. They are tiny and dry. They barely remove dirt. I guess you get what you pay for.
I have been using this product for years and it surely does what it says it does! I use this item daily as I have sore gums & wear dentures & I must say that Benzodent does the trick.
Blue Emu cream really helps your feet! It is a fair price for the wonderful results! Trust me, my feet are so painful & this works!!
Fine lotion for dry skin & works very well on all parts of our bodies.
Greatest pot holder ever!  Love the colors available.
These are posted & listed with "33% more loads" with 66 as total.  I received 2 of the regular size with 25 loads (50 total loads).  Please correct the listing to reflect the normal size bottles.
The bristles are not too stiff and provide a good scrubbing especially for your feet.  I would have given these a 5 star rating if the handles were a few inches longer.  They may be just perfect for anyone less than 5' 5&#34; in height.
These Innocheer 24&#34; Wind Chimes with S Hook are literally music to my ears. I love the sound that they make. I moved them earlier today on my front porch so that they would be closer to my bedroom. They sound like Christmas music to me and such a pretty sound at that.I would buy again.
Cute packaging with overstuffed mesh bags and very fine mesh material causing spills everywhere.
I bought these for my husband. He wears a mask as work and it was hurting his ears. These did the trick! He said it's just what he needed.
This is the first true medical kit I have ever purchased. I purchased it at the start of the coved pandemic because I had seniors to take care of at home. This is one of the most complete med sets I have ever seen. It’s great. There’s so many supplies I almost can’t get it all in the backpack. The backpack is made well and can be used for outdoors. However, the fabric is not completely waterproof. With much gratitude, thank you, and hope this helps others. :DPros:1) A comprehensive set of supplies2) Quality products3) Well packaged4) The backpack is good quality material and well builtCons:1) No instructions on which items are best put together in the backpack2) Backpack not completely waterproof
This airway tube is a great addition to a first aid or trauma kit. But one needs to be trained how to use it. In addition, the tube has an close expiration date. It comes in a sterile bag and made of medical grade plastic.
Slow results. Strong chemicals.
This is a good product. The results were reliable. However, this combo product had difficulty in terms of the results being automatically put online. I had to call to have the company send me an electronic version of the results. They were very professional and knew the technical details of I needed explanation.
This is a cute sugar bowl. Doesn’t take up much space but looks pretty good. The spoon is small but just the right size.
Sticky enough to stay and enough to be kind in removing.
I have very sensitive skin and I often blow my nose. I did a bit too much it and my nose got infected the other day.It was the first time of my life that type of itchy and burning sensation in my nose and I was very upset about it. I was trying not to touch my nose but did not heal at all in few days, I decided to try some treatment and found this product. I felt so much better already, right after I apply it first time. I'm so glad I used it!!!
top came unglued.
Will be returning!! Does not fit my toothbrush even though my model was listed and now i cannot remove the head. Not happy!!!
I only give this product 4 stars because it has to be something that really blows my socks off to get all 5 stars. I've been using this product for a  few years and I am happy with it. It is marketed for the body builders but this is not why I take them. I have been diagnosed with Maj. Depression and have been looking for alternatives and holistic methods of treating it rather than pharmaceutical psych meds. After taking a college course on genetics which taught me how the body uses DNA, amino acids, and proteins and where they came from I decided to supplement my lunch bag on the go diet (I'm a working student) with amino acids. I noticed a difference in my depression levels after about one month and the improvement has been sustained for a little over three years wo the unwanted side effects of psych meds. I have looked but have been unable to find any good research on the use of amino acids to treat mental illness or possible side effects to taking large doses long term. With other life management  practices including outdoor cardio I have found this product very helpful with treating my depression.As far as building muscles, I can't really say. I do go to gym 4x days a week and perform 30 min of cardio and 30-45min resistance training and I mountain bike 2x weekly. I don't exercise to get big. I hit the gym to be a better biker and to manage weight gain. I also use other diet supplements. I used these for depression before the exercise routine. Since beginning exercise routine along with proper diet I have notice a difference in the gym but this can also be greatly due to technique. If your going for big I suppose they would work as well as any other protein product. The product I  like better though is Athlean-Rx. IT's a product produced by a guy name Jeff Cavalier who used to be the strength coach for the New York Mets. You can check out his web site at www.Athleen-x.com or look for him on YouTube.
Wow!! I am super impressed with this shaver. It works effectively to shave off my quarantine fur. It was easy to use & was fully charged upon receipt. I would definitely recommend this shaver to all!
This toothbrush is powerful to be so small, it gets them very clean! However, it is very compact for traveling so doesn't need mush space... I highly recommend for kids too.  : )
This product is great! Better than any other heating pad I have ever purchased. It is soft and heats my whole back and shoulders. It is a must have item!!!
My boys love the taste of these probiotics and I love that they keep them healthy, regular and are sugar free! Total mom win in my book!!
I have to say I tried to like this flavoring. I have gotten 7 different flavors. I tried them in baking mostly. I found that you needed a lot to even make it taste like anything (I found an unpleasant aftertaste).I honestly can not recommend this brand of flavoring. Amazon customerservice is great but this company Capella  has not responded to my emails. Their customer service is terrible if you have problems. Maybe someone else would think these are great but I am not one of them.Thank you and God bless you.
Exactly what I wanted and expected. You do have to string it together yourself but that's not a big deal it comes with the string you need.
Beautiful gilding flakes with the color of fall. Will look great on any project.
I have tried many Jojoba Oils and this one is bar far the best.  Helped with discoloration on my arm.  The packaging was very good and delivery was sooner than expected.  Have recommended this oil to my friends.
It is almost impossible to push the plunger. I thought it was one can so ordered a couple more. The same thing, HOW in the world can a company sell something like this? Gold Bond, I mean, not Amazon. And yes I twisted the cap and had other people try it.
Omg maybe I've just lived a sheltered life but I had no idea that you could actually get those crazy water rings out of the toilet! Def a secret weapon in my cleaning bin!
Was hesitant to buy cordless, as my other cordless (esp. for cats) didn't cut through mats easily.  By the time I pulled his hair 2 or 3 times he bit showing his irritation...and then I was irritated too.  This Holdog cordless Pet Hair Clipper came today and my cat was been quickly dematted.  It had a 60% charge and I waited a couple minutes to get 100% (charged very quickly).  I LOVE the LCD display.  The blade was easy to take off and reassemble, so I oiled and cleaned the clipper before and after use.  This time I got a kitty kiss.  We are both happy. Love it.  And for the price, amazing.
I need to be in a boot for several years.  The biggest complaint about wearing a boot (aside from the fact that you have to be in the darned boot) is that the velcro on the boot snags on literally everything!  It's ruined many pairs of pants and almost all of my leggings!  I bought this cover in hopes that it would solve this problem.  Once I put  the cover on; behold!  No more snags!  Woo hoo!  Threre is only one very minor problem that I've had with the cover.  Sometimes the zipper slides down.  A safety pin underneath the pull tab prevents this from happening. (I deducted one star for this)  The cover in my estimation, is relatively high priced to have a zipper that won't stay up.  On the other hand, this cover is literally a necessity to me.  It would be really nice if the covers were packaged with the boots.This cover is actually preventing me from ruining any more clothes, therefore saving me more than the cost of the cover.  I will be ordering another cover soon.Have a very blessed day!
These are ok. Didn't provide a ton of warmth but are comfortable.
Came exactly as advertised. Bought this for my horse's temporary health issues but ended up not needing it. Unfortunately I could not return it (even though it is still completely wrapped and unopened) so I donated it to a local veterinary office instead.
I love this product, totally recommend to anyone. Will purchase again.
Awful, watery "lotion*. It was supposed to be a lotion, not water???Also, keeps 0 bugs abay. Gave me skin rash.  Don't even bother.
I do volunteer work where we do free dental work  and i bought these to include in a post procedure  package. Wverythung was perfect and im very happy these were cheap enough that we can continue to buy and provide our service at low cost.  Good product.
Not good will not hole
Works well for massaging lotion or whatever cream you want to use.... I find the roller isn't as easy or feel as comfortable while using it.
It seemed to work really good at first but then the next day the urine smell came back a little. But it has still been better than other products.
It works as advertised. Thumbs up!
Works for my brush and super soft.
Perfect aroma !!!
All is well with this item. I need it to be in liquid form. I don’t know the best way to keep it liquid.  I purchased before and it was liquid. Smells great.
Quality is above what I expected. Price is great!
Very soft bristles but does not spin only vibrates. Actual Clarisonic heads spun back and forth as well so very disappointing.
magnets feel out after a few weeks but did help the soles
magnets feel out after a few weeks but did help the soles
the only product does not still to stones in shower
This toner essence is thicker than my first essence I love from Japan. It feels really nice and soothing when applied.  I've noticed a difference in my overall skin hydration and I've only been using it a week. I have oily but sensative skin that is prone to breakouts and it has done nothing but calm my skin.
Works better than any aluminum and baking soda free deodorant! Not one time has body odor peeked through. Even after 24 hour.
The laundry soap made my clothes smell great but overall too expensive
We needed this little battery for our security system.  Could not find it anywhere.  Price is reasonable and I will be reordering more soon.  If anyone needed this type of battery I would recommend this Panasonic as it does last very long!  We also changed out the battery in our fire alarms as it is very important to make sure your fire alarms are working for your safety!
 I’m learning At home beauty regimens to a health skin have beautiful skins and great scalp. I’m so happy I got this. You can use the comb part to help with circulation to the scalp I cannot wait to use it often.This devicehelps reduce blemishesassists in removing dark spotsreduces blackheads and large poresperfect for any skin complexionboosts cell metabolism byamplifying ATP production that helpsin slowing down skin aging
 They hair dryer came securely packaged it can with a cute velvet travel size bag, It is a digital blow dryer so you can control the temperature on the dryer.this hair dryer is lightweight, it’s like I’m not holding anything when I use the dryer to blow out my wigs. the color of the dryer had my attention.It comes with two attachment a smooth nozzle and diffuser, the power of the blow dryer drys in no time. I definitely recommend this seller
The bath sponges came safely secured tightly sealed there was no air in the package. The sponges are a decent size large enough for my son's body four came in a pack, he is super happy to have these sponges.
This brace is comfortable, and it fits into my lace up tennis shoes or work shoes. It stabilizes the ankle and lifts the toe, which prevents falls.I have ordered 3 braces, and this is the best.I gave a 4 star rating, only because the strap from the toe to the ankle was not holding after 5 weeks or so.The company is sending me a replacement at no charge. Great customer service!Update- I changed my review to a 5 star, because the company sent a new brace, not just the strap.Excellent customer service!
Use dish soap same thing
Cool product to have In The California area makes my friends jealous...
The opening isn't as wide as expected.  I would look elsewhere if you are looking for a toenail cutter for thick nails.  I will have to keep looking.
good value for price
I love the taste, its very good
Easy to use and it really does squeeze all the dirty liquid from the pad so you're not mopping with a completely dirty pad.
Great product!
These glasses are made for hardcore use.I have a ten year old son. Oh my lord what a kid, has the energy of five of them, never quiet, never standing still, allways moving, running, jumping, skating, baseball. Really? What is happening with this kid. These glasses have passed all tests, the only one missing is fire (and i really dont think it can survive that), but really satisfied with Miraflex.This is the second pair of glasses, the first one got lost as my kid didnt have glasses before he lost then the next month of purchase, so it doesnt count for me.Really, buy with confidence
Lots of fun!
I use this to make a Muesli for breakfast. I like that it's organic.
A classic formula for treating damp heat.
Strong electric motor. Quality construction. Works very well.
The only problem I have is with the top, and the fact it doesn't have a specific tip for pouring it.
This is perfect for anyone looking to organize their daily and nightly medications. Well worth buying.
These are a snap to get on and easy to clean!
first it caught my eyes because the price range is attractive, but after use found out water leaks slowly from the side. Not sure if it is defect only from this particular product or in general. Otherwise the outlook is cute and we absolutely love it
Arrived crammed into a box about the size containing 20 bags of tea. To cram it in there the tubing is bent and kinked. Bent rubber cracked and will not hold air. Returned.
My work requires a lot of hand washing (and hand wringing!). But, I need an accurate watch not connected to my arm that I can check often. This is marvelous. The watch hangs from the lanyard when I need to measure time, or tucks into my shirt pocket when I do not. The watch is accurate, and seems rugged enough to last.
Seems to be working and I am not having the jitters or clenching my teeth. I like the fact you can step off and not crash
love this, its'  all natural, its lasts a very long time, have found a way to make this to save money
Love this pocket guide. Great information.
I don’t know what it is but it seems like he is not real I don’t like it
THIS WAS A GREAT PARTY PACK, AND A VERY GOOD VALUE FOR THE MONEY.  WOULD CERTAINLY ORDER AGAIN FOR NEXT YEAR.
Works as described
I have read that glyconutrient therapy helps punch up the immune system to ward off viruses. I am all for this and was also looking for a supplement that will help level out our blood sugars. Since taking this product I can't say that it is a miracle drug of some kind, but can say that my blood sugars have remained normal (when before they would periodically read high) and I have not come down with a cold or flu (knock on wood). So, is it working ? I'd have to say so. It's kind of like &#34;Elephant Repellant&#34;. If you spray some around and never see an elephant.... is it working ?
As you would expect. Works great for stirring
I went to Vegas a week ago and was told to carry an Amethyst for Luck.  This was told to me by one of those fortune telling machines that spits out a card.  The amazing thing is, I am an Aquarius so amethyst is my lucky stone.  I ordered this stone not knowing what to expect.  When it came, I was stunned at the beauty of the packaging and the positive energy flowing from the product.The stone is gorgeous and has so much positive auras flowing through it as I held it.  It is a big stone that fits perfectly into my palm. I love how it feels and how it makes me feel.  I have noticed that I am more calm and more in tuned with my intuition.  Whenever I am upset or feel out of balance, I hold the stone and everything is fine with the world again.  In addition to, I feel like it is my lucky stone.I am glad that I ordered two stones. One for myself and one for my sister who is also an Aquarius.What sets this stone apart is the vibrational energy.  I have ordered stones from e-bay before and none of them gave me as much positive vibes as these stones.  I am so happy to have finally found someone who is selling REAL stones with POSITIVE energy.By the way, I bought a lottery ticket and won the mega ball.  Although it wasn't the $207 Million dollar prize, it's a start :)  I believe the stone is just warming up with with luck!
Not sure if it works yet but one of the two bottles doesn't even spray.
I knew the items included in this package would be small, and they sure were!!  But it is a nice selection of things to try and then I could purchase bigger products of the things I liked the best.  It would make a nice gift also for someone who likes to mess with their nails.
My 11 year old daughter got this bath bomb in her Christmas stocking and she loved it. She has used other bath bombs in the past and they were a bit of a let down so we weren’t expecting much. We were pleasantly surprised! It dissolved great, not too quickly, with lots of fizz and the color was a vibrant teal blue, just like in the pic. But the best part of this bath bomb is the fragrance! It’s called “Flower Bomb” and it’s described as smelling like “primrose”. I was dreading the smell because the scent of artificial floral beauty products is usually pretty awful, in my opinion. This bomb smelled so pretty! Not too strong or overly sweet. I’m super picky about smells and I loved it! I’d definitely buy this particular bomb again and it’s likely that I’d try others made by Da Bomb. Oh! And it came with the little flower eraser shown in the pic. So cute!
Nicely packaged and handy to carry
Bath wrap
Terrific quality. Just as described and promptly delivered.
There are times I just cannot get an unpleasant, bitter taste out of my mouth, no matter the products I try - a variety of tongue scrapers, tooth brushes, gels, gargles, and other gimmicks, nothing dealt with that nasty, rancid after taste. If I had the misfortune to wake in the middle of night, I would wind up going through the whole regimen of brushinggargling to get rid of that taste just so I could go back to sleep.Recently I stumbled across the "Tongue Sweeper". It probably wouldn't work, but ok, it was worth one last try. WOW. With the first use, this simple little tool immediately and completely eliminated that stubborn bitter taste. I have to say it again: WOW.Now I use the Tongue Sweeper daily and any time that rotten, nasty taste creeps up. For me a high quality, simple tool, that is unlikely to break, wear out, or need replacing, is well worth the one time investment.
I like the easy and quick pouring sprout the attach measuring cup is easy and good
The perfect gag gift but I kept it for myself lol. A great conversation piece as well!
 Very impressed with this stop and squat foot stool. It is made of great quality plastic that is sturdy and has a decent weight to it. It is great for people who are shorter than 6 feet and really uncomfortable for someone taller. I am 5'5&quot; and it works great for me. My significant other is 6'1&quot; and finds it really hard to use. It allows me to have a productive bowel movement, and it takes some adjusting for your intestines to understand what is going on lol but I am happy with it and recommend to those who want to have a BM the way man was supposed to have it. There is a gap in the middle for you to line it up evenly in front of the toilet. Great bathroom experience nonetheless.I received a free product for the purpose of my review. Opinions are 100% my own.
These are very good shoe insert insoles. I have small narrow feet and I was able to place these inside my flats with no issue. I did have to cut the inserts to fit correctly in my shoes but other than that, they are very comfortable and keep my heels from hurting as they did before. They provide the perfect amount of cushion in my shoes without making them feel funny on my feet. It was very hard trying to shape with scissors so that it didn't hurt the area under my toes. But in the end, it worked out. Overall, great insoles and great size after adjustment cutting.I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
My right foot has a bunion growing bigger and have been looking for something to help ease the pain. This bunion corrector does okay but by it being so squishy, it isn't really correcting anything. All it does is provide a cushion between my big toe and second toe. I've turned it go horizontal between my toes and that seems to help better. Still on a hunt to find something other than surgery to correct it.I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
good for the price
Works great and shipped quickly!
If this is made in Germany, I'm Abraham Lincoln... Chinese knockoff? And it's tiny... with a synthetic "leather" case. Bummer!
All that’s missing is a hunk to clean the carpets for me.  Great can of spot remover!
Feels flimsy and I’m afraid every time I step Down on it
This is an amazing toothbrush. I have metal in my lower bottom gums with holes to snap into the teeth. I went looking on Amazon and found this amazing product. They keep help get the food out. I will be a couple more because they come from another country and it takes a little longer to get them. So I will buy two more.
They were all tangled up together in a baggy. They are awfully thin and of poor quality. Several of them broke after 2 or 3 uses. They were packaged in a sloppy manner.
I use this along with two other ways to help naturally treat my sons {11} ADHD. 10 drops in the OJ in the morning mixed with two other things brings my kid way down. Enough to focus at school without Adderal. I have tried many things for years and finally have the combo he needs. This was recommended to us by my sons new holistic DR.
Love these, they work just great. My only peeve is that they squeak, but I remedied that by coating the squeaky parts with graphite as a dry lubricant so that it didn't collect dust and hair. I have advanced peripheral neuropathy, a nerve condition, so walking is a pain. The cane I used just doesn't cut it anymore, I needed support on both sides, so I puchased these and can move around swiftly instead of slow.
I got it before the time was up and it is so good that I use it on my salads and other food. It is delilious.
Used at my son's party! It was a good buy!
my kids love mario and these bandaids are too cute. decent quality too! must have for mario fans! my kids are 7 and 2 and love them! too expensive though.
I like these clear shoe straps.  I use them to keep shoes on my feet, not just high heels.
Works wonders if your on your feet working long shifts
Definitely helps keep glasses up!
I found these Bamboo makeup remover reusable pads to be a good concept.  It has a large surface area (3 inches diameter) for applying makeup remover, facial lotion, etc.  I found that I can soak it with cold water and place each one over my eyes.  It fits exactly over each eye.  It is a nice, relaxing treatment for my tired eyes.  The material is very soft, but not as absorbent as I wanted.  There are two sides- a white and black side.  I found the black side to be more absorbent.I gave it one fewer star, because:1) Because of its size, it’s hard to apply around the eyes.2) It is recommended to wash the 16 pads in the provided mesh bag in cold water and then to dry on a towel.  It took a few hours to dry them.  I will put them in a dryer from now on.  It is made of 70% bamboo and 30% cotton, so it shouldn’t shrink too much.It comes with a nice bamboo holder that looks minimalistic on my bathroom counter.  This product is a nice way to avoid using endless cotton pads which can reduce waste and help with expense.
I sure could have used this sound machine when my son was a baby.  The sound quality is clear and authentic.  The sounds are so soothing, gentle, and pleasant.  I don’t feel like the sounds are repetitive.  I am listening to the lullaby one while typing this review, and I am ready to nod off.  It is a compact sized at only 5 inches in diameter and 1.5 inches tall.  It is made of high grade plastic.  It is powered by an USB plug.  There is no option for batteries usage, though.  There are 8 sets of controls including the onoff switch, and they are located on the top of machine.  It is very easy to change the settings by using a light touch.A nifty feature is that the color of the machine changes with the touch of a button.  Very muted and relaxing.  There is an option for onoff light.  The timer can be set at 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes.  Everything gets shut off quietly when the time is up.  Although I pretty much have dozed off by then.  I would definitely recommend this sound machine.
As with the other reviewer, we also used the wrong length long screw for the attachment of the soap bar onto the seat.  We also ended up with a protruding screw in the middle of the seat.  We took the screw back out, and then used the shorter length screw.  Since we were left with protruding hard plastic in the middle of the seat, my husband pounded it down with a hammer to make it smooth.  The lesson of this story is make sure you are using the correct length screws.As far as the shower seat itself, it seems very sturdy.  I like the wide rubber feet. Each rubber foot is 3 inches in diameter.  Each leg has six adjustable heights to the height you desire.  The seat is 20 inches by 11 inches and has handles on the long ends to lift yourself up.  The soap dish is nice but sits too close to the seat.  When you raise your rightleft hand to grab the soap, the rightleft hand keeps hitting the soap dish.  Make sure you take extreme care.  A blue mesh bag hanger for other toiletries is also included.  It is a good shower seat except for the two negative things I mentioned.  I feel comfortable enough to allow my elderly father to use this shower seat.
Before you buy this, measure the diameter of your front carseat’s headrest pole.  The clamp’s maximum diameter is 0.5 inch.  If your headrest pole diameter is more than that, it won’t clamp properly.  My headrest pole diameter is slightly larger than 0.5 inch, so the clamp can’t completely encircle the pole.Other feature is that a tabletphone up to 7 inches (length or width) can fit.  The holder ratchets up and down to fit device.  A swing arm clamp allows for different rotational viewing.  It just didn’t work for my car.
Soak loofah in warm water; with scissors, snip loofah like carpet and bury beneath aquarium gravel or planter. Burrowing roots will anchor to loofah. It's an affordable alternative to lava rock or driftwood.
Great product. My family and I noticed less gas and bloating in just a couple of days after taking prebiotic.
Really was excited to get this product due to the practically of it. THEN I received the product.Pro -Very well made  qualityGreat designCons -PriceyVery heavyLarge deviceI rated this item three (3) stars for these reasons -the weight of this product limited me to carry my medications on me, which was the whole reason I purchased it and secondary the price of the product.UPDATE - I have received a personal phone call from the owner. We talked about her product line and during the conversation she really showed me her commitment to customers and designing great products.When ordering just make sure you get the appropriate size that is going to meet your needs. Also, if weight is going to be a  consideration than I would suggest ordering A device in titanium. I am awaiting a new titanium dual camber device. I will update after I compare the products side by side
I bought 2 in different colors.  One holds a nebulizer and all its parts in one place.  The other holds personal home medical equipment.  No more bulky boxes.  The different colors helps separate things.  And family members can easily find home medical supplies.
I needed something to keep my medical stuff in at home.  This is holding 2 BP machines, O2 meter, glucometer in the outer pockets plus a few other things.  I like to be organized and have "like" things together.  I'm happy that all my medical equipment is together in one bag.
This novelty eyeglass stand was heavier and more sturdy than I thought it would be.  It was adorable and was perfect for a family member who is a huge Westie fan.  I was quite pleased with the purchase and would recommend to others.
Great tree skirt here.  I've gone through several in the past few years that were flimsy and cheap.  This one is beautiful and fluffy and just isn't your normal red ugly tree skirt.  It's also a good size.  The velcro tabs underneath also help latch the skirt together and keep the skirt together making it look like it's one solid piece.  I highly recommend.
It's nice to soak but I don't think any type of home foot soaker will have the power of an actual foot massage.  But for soaking for spa purposes it worked great. My feet were soft and smooth after 20 minutes of soaking and the heat works great without getting too hot. The bubbles were stronger than other ones I have tried. There is a vibrating function which does feel nicer than I thought it would.  The rollers are a bit hard though after 20 minutes of soaking.
I like it! Usually I throw half a banana, ice, and some ovaltine with it, just depending on how hungry I am. I do two scoops, which I think comes to less than 2 dollars a meal. Use it for breakfast and sometimes dinner too.PRO TIP: Save the scoop from the previous purchase, because sometimes the measuring scoop gets buried at the bottom from shipping.
Seemed to really help my adrenal fatigue
Really sad this heating pad didn't heat. Very soft and packaged with it's own nylon sleeve, but that doesn't bring relief to achy muscles. Sadly had to return.
They hold up well
This is filled with rice, and is kind of heavy.  It is also a moist heat.  Disappointing part is that it should be discarded after 6 months because of the rice.  I might keep it in the freezer to keep it longer, I did not intend on using this for daily use.
This polish is so pretty!
Works well, sized appropriately according to the sizing guide listed. Definitely helps with mild knee pain.
Great to clean and sanitize wounds.
This thing is sized to fit a little tiny teenage girl or perhaps a child below the age of 15. Myself however, I am a 38 year old slightly overweight man. I started trying to put this thing on and felt my shoulder pop and then I had to literally cut this thing apart in order to remove it from around my shoulders. Description of the size is completely inaccurate. I will not be purchasing any products like this ever again. I will attempt to improve my posture some other way. If I need to get surgery on my shoulder again... ughhh no just no. Buyer beware.
Its simple but still holds everything. my bible and my notes. has many pockets too good for pens, papers and more.
It cleans
Done buying these, they are average to poor at best.  save your money.  More garbage sold on Amazon
Overpriced.
However, the labels are sub-par there are better ones available. Also, the purple foam backing would not stick. I eventually had to take a hot glue gun to this thing. I think the manufacturer should place it in permanently instead of giving us ineffective sticky tape pieces and asking us to do it ourselves.
my only regret is not buying more! (just need 4 more!)
Don't know how clean it makes my teeth, but I love the taste of the Splashin' Citrus. I could eat it. Actually why not; Bentonite is edible and so is citrus. I have tried various forms of the Redmond toothpastes, but I hate trying to get the last of the paste out of the plastic tube. It makes me nostalgic for the good old days of the metal tubes that stay rolled when you roll them. With the new plastic tubes, you probably lose about 14 of the toothpaste in the tube.
The old ViraStop is now renamed Enzyme Defense. Seems to be very effective in heading off a cold. I just ordered more. Last night woke in middle of night with stuffed nose that had already started to run. I went to the kitchen and popped one capsule of Enzyme Defense and woke up with nasal passages cleared. The last cold I had resolved with Enzyme Defense in 4 days which is very unusual. Without ED my colds typically turn into bronchitis. Two hours after breakfast (needs to be on empty stomach) I am going to pop another cap.
This allows you to gently touch your skin while not rubbing hard on it. This bottle should last a lifetime.
This is a well-made case that holds the essential oils that I like to carry.  There is a long strap to carry over the shoulder or two small straps to carry by hand.  The two zippered compartments make it conveniet to hold bottles of oil upright in the base or the roll-on bottles in the top.
I used to be a bug buffet, but no more. This stuff works! Nice fragrance and lightweight. Highly recommend!
Great product and delivered as promised.
Used these for multiple events during Covid to ensure no one touching cupcakes and offering contact free favors for a drive thru shower. I tried adding a cupcake topper in the container and it got a little squashed but make them smaller (topper) and it’s perfect. We put the topper on the top outside of the container and it was still so cute! All closed well and were sturdy. Very pleased with this purchase (we used Sam’s club cupcakes)
Great little things for small messes and small hands!
Before I had my daughter I went out on a limb and bought this as an in case for diaper blow outs and spit up stains. I couldn’t be happier. It works really well! I have found that sometimes I need to spray and soak for an hour or so and then do it again if needed. If it doesn’t come out after the first wash I end up filling my sink with hot hot water and dumping a little bit into the sink and letting it soak over night (if it’s a really bad stain) and it comes right out after that next wash! My daughter just started solids which is a completely different stain than spit up and diaper blow outs but this stain remover works just as well!
beautiful stone!! but it did not really work for me. I think I am better off buying these in person I have had better luck
Curls my eyelashes like never before. Most amazing one I've owned
This stuff is amazing! Really helps to clean my face
I love these!! They're great, i use it on sore muscles & onmmy face every day and night. Works very well & is very effective! I love that it has 2 to chose from
Great Product, thanks to smiley 360 I got to product test this and it works great, they sent me a full sized product to use and test for them.  I love how smooth my lips feels and how renewing they are.  I can put it on before I put on lipstick and it works great!
Returned, itchy material.
Like some other reviewers I don't like wearing a wrist watch. Especially in the summer. I often get out my phone to check the time, but this can sometimes be a problem at times. This solves that problem. I attached to my pants so that the face reaches in side the coin pocket so its easy to get to. Keeps accurate time and is easy to read.
The directions were confusing. The heating pad didn't heat and there no instructions on where to put it even IF it did work. Garbage.
Barely measured out to 16", nowhere near the 17" as advertised. Washing element has already starting separating. Cheap.
These are awesome for your throat.  They melt slowly and go down to your throat and the flavor of honey is the best part.  I've been using these for the past 50 years.  They are hard to find in a store so I buy them all the time from Amazon!
This swag is pretty but it is not as pictured. The picture is showing purple and some pink . What I received is nice and full, but it is all purple. I might get more silk flowers to add to it because the one color is boring to me. I put it on my front door..
Love how it long but not bulky when folded.
These don't work as well as I remember them working as a kid, but does the job. 12 even 14 tablet works just as well as a whole. Fun for the kids, but I won't order them again - not worth the price!
I cannot remember to take it as required so no results to report... but if this continues I will not re buy.  thanks!!!!!!!
Nice small massager.  Sometimes it hits a little too hard for my tastes, but I just adjust my body and it works well.  I like the option to have heat or not.  It also has a stretchy strap that can be added to your chair.  I have mine wrapped around a sturdy pillow and put it behind me on the sofa.
This review is based on my experience. So I've tried several silver lozenges and I believe the Manuka Honey from American Biotech is the best. I wish they made it with agave syrup for those watching their blood sugar. Just buy it already, lol.
Who doesn't like a back scratcher?
 I saw reviews that said the brushes were not turning. Mine didn't either but just as I was about to return them, I stuck them on again. They work perfect. Weird. They are just like the original.  Just stick them on again. They do work.
Sent back. Just did not need after all
Saw nicer ones at the dollar store
Very soft and holding up pretty well to washes.
 I saw reviews that said the brushes were not turning. Mine didn't either but just as I was about to return them, I stuck them on again. They work perfect. Weird. They are just like the original.  Just stick them on again. They do work.
Sent back. Just did not need after all
Saw nicer ones at the dollar store
just as shown and just as stated, the suction cups could be better but the price was right
I was looking a pair of Calf Compression Sleeves for my running sessions and these ones are great. I'd buy them again
Ok these are great so far. Takes forever to arrive or at least feels like when can't see.  Light and comfortable to wear for long periods
I got this free at CVS using extra bucks, but that price still seems too high. Mine had no mechanical problems, and the vibrations were pretty strong. It shook the entire table, which makes me wonder if it should be containing that vibration and channeling it into the jewelry more efficiently. It’s important to note that the cvs price was only 7.99, and I got it half off after Christmas for basically four bucks. I tried it first with just warm water. No change, my jewelry still had some grime. Then tried with a drop of Dawn, same result. The photo in my review is after two cycles, the debris in the lid is from dropping it while trying to open it, that wasn’t actually removed by the device. I also experienced difficulty removing the lid, but i was able to get it apart with just my hands. Save your money, don’t get it.
Yes. I really like this product.
These things are GREAT!  Just add a small amount of water and they open right up.  I keep these in the truck, in the first aid kid, in the soccer practice bag, kids back packs, literally everywhere I can think to put them.  The towel itself, once opened, is sturdier than a standard paper towel and work great.  I would and will buy these again.  To the folks that gave them poor reviews because they couldn't open them - Read the directions and add literally a few drops of water (maybe a couple drops of common sense too) and your product if fully functional.
These are really soft and easy to insert.  Much better than others I've used.  At this price, just buy em. . .
Blocks out all light but does not stop sounds completely.
product as stated.
Fits perfectly and I am a chunky gal. Holds the sensor in place. I thought the green would be more teal-ish, but it is a bright green. Not horrible though.
Cleans the air in my car beautifully. Leaves it freah.
My daughter loves it. She does not waste any makeup like with a sponge that it would soak into.
Wow no. First of all. First time I tried to use it I slid off my chair and hit the ground. Later when I kept trying to find a way to use it it left deep deep gouge marks in my skin. Def a waste. And painful. Bizarrely painful
Give or take a few that were messed up and stuck together, I'm very happy with the quality of the product. Though it would be nice to know what the blue thing is for.
not sure if this is working but it is plugged in next to the bed. I guess it is mental. The big one we got for the room works for sure.
I had high hopes for this. I have a similar shaver that's getting old, but this one — well, for whatever reason, the blades are at the wrong angle to actually shave. And boy did I try, but I couldn't get it to work. (I never had this problem with the other model.)Also, it has two Gillette-style blades separated by a half inch of space, so even if it did work, it would leave a stripe between the shaved areas. (And, sadly, although they are almost identical to Gillette blades, they have slightly different mounting doohickeys, so you have to buy the manufacturer's replacements.)
Great stuff! Works awesome on all baby, kid and adult stains. Formula, spit up, baby food and leaky diapers. Works better than any other stain remover I've tried!
This stuff works great for tough stains on baby, kids and adults clothes! It removes everything! Baby food, formula, spit up stains, even old spit up stains even (with little scrubbing) and even stains from blow out diapers!! I will never use another stain remover again, just this one!
My nephews love this game!
Helps with a bed ridden person and you can warm them in the microwave.  They are also thick and cushioned.
Works perfectly..we can't sleep without it!
This thing is amazing. I don't know what I was doing with my life before it came along! I use it for my shoulders and my neck mostly, but it also wraps around my waist and doubles as period-pain relief when needed!
Amazing product! I’m so happy I finally bought a tongue scraper! It really makes a difference!!! I felt like I was suffering from build up on my tongue it felt awful but this help a ton!!!
Trying to find an eyeglass holder for a man was unattainable until now.  Everywhere we looked, all the eyeglass holder were for women, dainty, beads, etc.  These are leather and high quality.  They were easy to attach to the glasses and were adjustable to the width of the frame.  Great product and you can't beat the price for three of these in one package.
Works great
Easy to install, does some filtering. Need to make a XL size.
I needed these to recycle shedded paper. Not a bad deal and the bags are well sealed and packaged to prevent tears and spills.
I like Ked this bottle but after using it on my glasses it seems to quit working. So I thought it was a glass cleaner. Never said that. So I cleaned my glasses first and spray lasted about 3-4 hours. Nice convienant bottle
This picture is deceving. The photo makes it look like it has a bend but it is straight.
This is what exactly I was looking. I started taking a little bit (approximately 400mg) by mixing with honey. I can eat this way, but my wife can not because of it;s bitter taste. so, bought some empty veggie capsules from Amazon and filled with this extract.I'll update if i notice any significant health benefits after using couple of months. As of now, I can give 5 stars for this product's quality.
*wifes review*This is a really amazing product. If you are concerned about saving money and hygiene this is the perfect item for you. The sponge is really durable and will last a long time and it also uses about half of the make-up product that a regular sponge would use. It is also super easy to clean and since it doesnt absorb water or make-up you dont have to worry about letting it dry completely to prevent mold. It does feel a little weird on your face and takes a little longer to blend out but I think it actually looks more natural and smooth once fully applied.I'm only giving it 4 stars because it is a little hard to blend into your hair line, around your eyes and the crease of your nose but other than that I think this sponge is awesome.
I make a Heavy Metal Detox Smoothie that includes fresh cilantro but I don't always have it and I also don't like the taste of fresh cilantro very much. This extract works perfectly and the taste is masked with the other smoothie ingredients.
I broke the first Aromyst I had by dropping it. I liked it so much I purchased another one instead of a different brand. I like the looks of the black diffuser as well as the options of a continuous mist or an on-off mist. I use it every other day or so.
I used it once, and it worked fine. I stored it outside in a storage bench, and the next time I pulled it out, the dustpan was completely warped and no longer usable. What a waste. It was brand new!!
Husband loves the tips.. Smooth. Papers are longer than average but work well, like the fact they're unbleached and &#34;raw&#34; too.Easier to use than expected and seem quailty made. Overall, no complaints - would recommend!
Product itself is very nice quality, one button for ease of use and comes with a drawstring  bag for long term storage.Has an array of vibration patterns..and is comfortable to use, soft and smooth.Perfect for the gspot, however if you require alot of stimulation in the front area the vibrations might not be strong enough for you there, however they are very strong in the top part! Had the vibrations been stronger in the lower half I would have given 5 stars.It requires 3 AAA batteries that aren't included.It is a welcomed addition and I will continue to use.. And would overall recommend the product.Great Quality!!!Item was received for free in exchange for an unbiased and honest review - that in no way affected my opinion
Vibrations definitely exceeded my expectations for the smaller size! I have another that is similar in size and appearance but its not as strong!!Product itself seems to be pretty well made and has a nice sleek look to it...And is comfortable to use. Buttons are easy to control and get to.Product packaging was also very well done. It comes in a box with the brands logo and then in a black velvet bag for more permanent storage.The bonus plug that is included is flexible and soft, but has a hard time staying in place.Overall, I am happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend. Would buy again.Item was received at a reduced price I'm exchange for an unbiased and honest review - that in no way affected my opinion
Which means if you are a back sleeper, you will wake up with a horrible headache.
Gets the job done, but you have to use two at once to get any meaningful coverage.  I rather the company just make half and give us bigger sizes.
Knocks out all my aches & pains
Does the job!
It didn't stop the hip pain that occurs when I drive.  I think the situation is just too bad for it to help.
MagSRT provides a higher dose than other available slow release formulas, and avoids the digestive distress that can be associated with regular release versions. However, given the cost, I would not recommend this as a first line magnesium supplement - try a regular release version, then a lower dose slow release if needed, and use this only if you require both the slow release and the higher dose.This version of MagSrt also provides B vitamin supplementation (B6, B12, Folate), which they say enhances absorption of the magnesium. The evidence for this is quite thin - some limited in vitro studies, but no in vivo human trials with positive results that I'm aware of. That said, there's no particular problem with the B vitamins being in the mix, except you may be taking something you don't need. Jigsaw does offer a B vitamin free version (MagSRT B Free), although the cost is the same.The pills are large, but not absurd (as some supplements can be), and have a uniquely smooth coating that makes them easy to get down. They have no particular odor or taste and no aftertaste. They can be split cleanly with a pill cutter, although I don't know what impact this has on absorption.Four stars for quality, one off because of the cost. A years worth, at the recommended dose (4 pillsday) is over $250.
Works great
My husband and I just got this model after trying a different brand that only allowed us 2 hours of heat. I was worried that I wouldn’t be happy with the size because the other one was larger, but this one is plenty big. We both like using it to keep our feet warm, and it certainly does that. Plus, I’m not waking up every few hours to turn it back on! I love how quickly it heats up and it’s also very soft. We think we’re going to forget the heated mattress pad this winter, and just go with this.
Awesome kit that I keep near me at all times. I keep one in my belt and one in my bag at all times. These things are literal lifesavers.
I really and truely believe this product helped me in my weight loss plan.  I began dieting and exercising while supplementing this product.  After about 8 weeks or so, I had lost 15lbs.  I don't think I would have lost that much without this product.  I am still working on losing 10 more pounds and continue to use this product.  It is hard for me to lose weight also, because I am not very much overweight, so it takes a lot more for me to lose weight, and this gives me that extra help.  I recommend this product as a supplement to dieting and exercising.
Ordered on Thursday received this morning. Screwed right on! Perfect fit. Very soft love it!
YES!!!! Such a great product. Works great for our Dilli Dalli frames. So glad we found these. Great quality, and have held up great.
They work, they will cut a penny and get you naked fast enough. The black paint will come off if scraped, but they were pretty affordable, look cool and they do what they are suppose to. I feel comfortable having these on the rig with me.
This thing has got some power!  It does a nice job gently removing callous.  I was even able to (carefully) remove a callous between my toes that has caused me pain for a long time.  Pain is gone!  I recommend it.  It's been worth every penny to me so far.
Best price I could find and arrived earlier than expected.
Does exactly what I bought it for. Works great, keeps the gin rummy mess in place and the ability to spin makes it easier for the whole table to reach.
I also purchased this with a Groupon and it's a piece of junk. It barely heats up at all and does very little to curl my lashes. Wish I hadn't thrown the packaging and stuff away bc I'd return it if I could. I like my Panasonic one much better, although you have to hold the switch down to get it to heat. I bought this one thinking it would heat while I was doing other things, which it does, it just doesn't curl very well.
Just as described. Holds to basics.
They fit on my stethoscope.
Horrible quality. It’s so cheaply made and flimsy. I would not pay $10 for this. Dollar store quality.
Decent brush - I use diesel to clean and gear oil to lube.  I had plans of using one brush for the cleaning and one for the lubing.  Then when I went to lube chain, I found I was too lazy to get up and grab the second brush...so I use the same brush for cleaning and lubing.  Holding up so far.
They are very sturdy and precise
Smell great and are very thick!
As expected, no concerns
Broke at the seam completely while putting it on once. Also, the &#34;heavy duty&#34; velcro flaps to hold the o-ring cracked. all this within 2 months. Very disappointed, especially since I bought it at a store and paid way too much for it. Granted, I don't use these things lightly, but it makes it sound like they are for real, hard, heavy use... It is not.Stick with the simpler harnesses. Go with what works.
These capsules work very well when taken at night and in the morning on an empty stomach.
Didn't find anything special about the product than others on the market, but does provide temp. relief
I would carry the flat piece in my purse to apply under my puffy eyes from allergies and when visiting family who live in a metropolis full of smog (car gets covered in filth from the residual smog). Really helped my fiance when he went through coffee withdrawals, too.
The body brush is indeed only for your body, unlike that from higher end models. I have not used this in the shower with batteries because I am not convinced the casing will not allow water into the battery compartment.
We buy a lot of supplements to aid in our immunity as a family because we have small children that attend school. The tincture prevents or halts the illness. I don’t know if it’s coincidence or because of this fantastic product. Daily, I have taken the recommended 15 to 60 drops (half the dropper). Days that I take the product I do not contract any illness and I feel great. Then, sometimes I forget and see that I’m getting sick like a scratchy throat or some congestion I start taking it and it halts the illness, And I was a 99% of the time the illness does not become worse after taking this product. All in all I would have to say this is a five star product and a fantastic supplement to have in your home if especially if you have family members that are immunocompromised.
very nice product ..works great ..made very sturdy...great price would recommend this product to any one looking for a foot spa
Incredible buy, very well made, lights and alarm work perfectly. I'm talking this on my Russian river cruise!!!!
When I read the review that said she was having trouble sleeping due to her psoriasis, I thought, this is something I have to try. I can't sleep either, but it's because of allergies, and my skin feels like it's on fire.I tried it as soon as the package arrived. Oh, baby, where have you been all my life? It's so cooling, which would have been enough, but it also leaves my face feeling baby smooth (at my age, that's a BIG plus). I just used a little bit, and it's made a huge difference.I believe I'll be using this cream for a very long time. Thanks!
Highly recommend! Works great. Quick and easy to use. Makes feet very soft. Would definitely buy again.
Junk. Didn't even last a year before it just randomly stopped workingwon't charge. Too bad, I actually liked it until this.
Very difficult to use. Very hard to get out of the tube. A caulking gun would have been easier!
It's exactly as pictured and described. I can't find any fault in the container.
Oh. My. On all things holy, GET THESEThese are AMAZING! I took a big whiff of the bag and it allowed me to breath better already... but once you put it in your shower 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 I swear it’s like Baby Jesus himself came to rid me of my allergies 🤧 I can breathe y’all!!! I can really breathe!
Broke faster than we could get them to work.
I recently purchased a model that looks identical to this one - I can't review that model because the page for it no longer exists ( just days after mine arrived ).  The product I received gave wildly inaccurate and highly different readings each time used.  Yes, we know how to use it, my better half is a trained EMT.  The readings were far off those from my doctor as well as being vastly different from each other.And guess what else? No way to send it back!  You get forced into a troubleshooting page or a page that tells you it cannot be returned!  Fortunately, the CS at big A are fantastic and fixed my issue, but seriously folks, you should not trust something as important as your health to any product from this company.
If you have a husband who snores and keeps you awake at night I would suggest you buy these. I don’t know how I have lived so long without these.
Sleep....too much noise around here!
I like that it doesn't bother my digestive track!
This really is an excellent toe nail clipper....much better than the typical style most people use, and easily the best I have tried. The long-handled small scissors-on-the-end type are hard to use and often do not cut cleanly and easily.For the average person, however, I'm not sure I would recommend it for fingernails, since it can leave a bit of a rough edge.
I own and have been using straight razors for years. I figured I would try a shavette for those times when I dont feel or have the time to strop or touch up the edge on the standard straight edge. I bought two of them to see which one I would like. Both are the &#34;push type.&#34;This one is all coated metal and is heavier than my standard straights. Even heavier than my Spartacus str8s. But the main reason I am writing this review is how even the blade sits in this unit. With this unit the blade fits perfectly even in the holder. The heavier metal really holds the blade in place beautifully tight and perfectly exposed. The other shavette I got was the cut throat with a multi colored wood handle from Ebay for $15.The handle was nice but the blade holder metal was quite a bit thinner and the edge of the blade was not evenly exposed. That is because the two metal edges where the blade comes through are not even. One edge is higher than the other and not parallel from one side to the other. As the metal is thin, I tried to bend the two edges so they would line up better. No luck. Once metal is bent, it is hardened. Summary, this Matte slide out is a higher quality unit with quality control that is necessary for the blade to be exposed evenly.  Fun to shave with and convenient.
It has an small buckle that sit in your ear when you sleep in your side.
These came beautifully packaged and would make a great gift (send me some- really).  They are surprisingly large bath bombs and my bath felt really luxurious when using these.  I have sensitive skin and had no issues- probably the only downside was smelling great and having moisturized skin attracted some chiggers to my bare legs at the fair.  Lol. Seriously.  They were jacuzzi safe (no issues) and I definitely plan to use more of these bath bombs in the future. Five stars all the way!  Treat yourself!!!
The fit is too tight and very thin material the friction alone will cause it to break it needs to be redesigned and thicker so it won't break easily.
Great product I had hand surgery and sometimes is weak these piece provides nice weight so you will know when it leaves your hand.
Well I can honestly say these band aids don't work but they are good if you want to prevent itching the bite. Other than that they don't do anything. They do stay stuck for a couple of days even after a couple showers. I don't know if I will buy again.
It is alright.
good product
This replacement brush is just like the real Clarisonic brushes. I was pleasantly surprised how well they worked and also the price..can’t be beat.You will not be disappointed.
Cleans out what you don’t even know is there! Love it!!
This is my second unit. My daughter took my first one. Fells great on sore muscles.
Too bulky, too heavy, too awkward for a normal  usage, and too expensive.
I use these in my Halo mask! They are comfy, I can breathe!
Can I go lower than one star?  I found these bars completely inedible.... and the taste vile. Usually, when I don’t like something, I put it out for the various critters in our area. I threw these away as I didn’t want to be accused of cruelty to animals. Yuck!
sticks even on greasy surface
I really appreciated these extra durable Magic Erasers. I am moving and found them very helpful at removing wall smudges that might otherwise have required me to paint. I tried one of the knockoff brands and found that they disintegrated quickly. My recommendation is to pay slightly more and go with the original. I am back for more.
I put this filter near a litter box, and it definitely took care of the odor. However, it was incredibly loud for its size. I have since unplugged it.
I have purchased many &#34;beet&#34; products and Wilson Naturals is by far, the very BEST tasting, easy to drink, bake  cook or mix in a smoothie. Wilson Natural Beet product is outstanding and would encourage all to try. I will say I would hope they would make others such as, carrot and other veggie and fruit selections. &#34;WN's&#34; service is tremendous along with customer service who exemplify the very best and most professional I have dealt with. Thanks so much!
Super cute bags! I bought them for my med school friends graduation party and they were a hit! They didn't lookfeel cheap or tacky and were the perfect size to fit some candies, band-aids, and bone shaped pens.
Using it in my car has helped tremendously with pain running up the backs of my legs! Thank you!
I bought this to help me sleep. It took 2 tablespoons to do it but it did help.
&quot;Seemed like a good idea at the time.&quot; The clipper part spins on the handleengage part.  Except how do you make it STOP spinning?  I end up having to hold the head with some part of my other hand.  Other than that...
I have been using this to make my own vape juice and my other half likes it better than the store bought version.
I like the idea of a finger brush to brush my dogs teeth but I think the bristles are too soft to clean anything.
I'm sure they're good, they were too big for me.  Thankfully someone at the gym bought them from me.
Cleaning myself
Quality for a decent price.
My favorite flavor in the nectars so far. I have to be careful or I'll drink this stuff all day. It's delicious.
Bought it for my father in law to help with the cancer and it irritated his skin. Must find right portion to use maybe?
So thick that it is unusable for me. Nothing like Muro 128
The padding is comfortable, almost like sitting on firm jelly. Very different from memory foam type pads. Good for desk work, would be too high for car seats though. We'll see about durability, as I wonder how long the viscoelastic material will hold up
These are inexpensive and a decent value for product. You get exactly what you pay for and what you expect.
Love this product!!
It's great
Adorable. Not absorbent at all. This product is an underwear for looks. Very cute on. And good for letting those areas down there breathe. If you dont want mess or leaks, put over diaper for cute look. Nice and big....my son is three, still potty training and its roomy on him. Hes around 35 pds
This contraption works.  I have a little tummy and some of my jeans fit fine in the hips but pinch at the waist.  I stretch them out using this device and wallah, they fit like they are custom made!
It's was ok. Wasn't thick enough and doesn't wrap all the way around table. I've had better ones.
I've purchased for international S. America and Vietnam travel.  When it pours the lotion separates from the insect oil and I have a tough time getting to two to meld.
Fit very well for my electric scooter 🛴
makes it so much easier to clean my water bottles, this is fabulous, great to have two, arrived well packaged.
I am very impressed by how light weight and extremely comfortable they are.
Makes nice curls and easy to use
We ordered a 3 pack of these glasses.  The first pair lasted a week, the 2nd pair lasted two weeks, and the 3rd pair lasted 2 minutes.  The arms easily unscrew and either we can’t find the parts or we would need to buy a repair kit.
My wife was advised by her doctor to buy Pedifix Toe Straightener as she has a bunion and hammer toe.  Her toe next to her big toe sticks up and goes over her big toe and it's impossible to wear shoes.  If she hadn't heard about Pedifix Toe Straightener she would have had to have an operation.  She is able to wear shoes as the Pedifix Toe Straightener keeps her smaller toe in place.
Not enough iron to keep up with anemia, even taking double during the one week a month.
These break all the time.  Not worth the money.  Going to buy Stixx now.
I was Snow White for Halloween and this mask was a perfect addition to the costume!  Thanks!
needed them for security system - works great
Bought for my dad who is wheelchair bound, and gets terrible sores. He's always complaining about the pain and we've tried at least 6 different foam and gel cushions. This is the first time he feels comfortable sitting! Very grateful for such a great product, reasonably priced.
Excellent space saving footrest for shaving! Our shower is small so this fit the bill! Highly recommended
I don't feel like they do much.. 😒
Not going to complain about toilet paper these days. Just glad I could find some. This marcal TP was not bad, I’ve gotten some weird commercial no name brands that was not so great. This was decent.
I was pleasantly surprised how these pads helped easy pain on the balls of my feet when wearing heels. I was skeptical, but now I’m not. Recommended!
I always have difficulty keeping heels from slipping when I walk.  These are the best product I have found, my high heels stay on great.
I listened to the audiobook (magnesium miracle) and read so many good reviews. I took this for anxiety, which I get very easily. 2 to 3 hours after I consumed this, I had very bad anxiety for no reason.  It is no fun feeling like you can’t get a good breath of air and your heart is beating so fast.  I will not take another drop.  As everything I purchase on Amazon, I always get to return if not satisfied.  But checking this better, I cannot return it. Therefore $29.99 plus tax of $2.72 and shipping cost of $6.94, $39.65 down the drain.
I ordered a few mini snaps by mistake and was going to return them but decided to maybe get something to go with them.  This bracelet is perfect!  I have the large snap necklace so I have started collecting mini and large snaps.
This is the first time I have purchased this brand.  I needed to find a vitamin C that was not made in a factory that processes tree nuts and this one fit the bill.  The taste is fine.  The shipping was quick.  Would buy again.
Bought for a xmas present and she loves them!
 Purchase this unit as an addition to the current unit we already have because everyone in my house is sick and I did not want to transfer germs.  It works great.  The water flosser is excellent, very powerful (can be a little messy because of the force of fluid coming out).  I love the volume that the reservoir holds (over 24oz) and has a lid, to allow you to keep water in between uses.  The toothbrush is a soft bristle brush (I prefer firm), but after brushing for just overa minute, it got rid of most of the debris on my teeth except for the rear molars on the lower right side of my mouth.  The toothbrush is also a good tongue cleaner.  I used it for about one minute and was able to get rid of the majority of the white film on my tongue.
Pros: Handy dandy pump prevents mess.  Takes up little space.Cons: Can be difficult to get to the bottom, as you need to aim down to get it into the fabric softener dispenser.
Not good quality.
I finally found the readers that do not look like readers!  I have been looking for this specific design for well over a year. The packing is lovely.  A glass zippered case with wipe cloth, looks exactly like in picture.  I love these and will order extra pair.
Like others, I was disappointed with this cushion and ended up returning it within 24 hrs. Cushy & soft-yet-firm? Check.  But not cool, and it actually hampered blood flow to my legs no matter how I sat on it or positioned myself. Too expensive to be so mediocre.
I love these!  After wearing 'dollar store' readers for the last 4 years I decided I really needed something I didn't have to take on and take off at church and at class.  These are perfect.  Clear vision in both the 'plain' glass and in the readers I ordered in 200.Style and classy............or so my grandchildren tell me!
This is more like rubber and not like a sponge at all. I didn’t really like it for doing dishes or much of anything really.
I purchased these to clean black marks off a brand new kitchen counter at my office. The counter became scratched up from tin foil catering trays and general use and regular soap wasn't doing the job. With a little arm power, I was able to get off most of the black marks using the magic eraser :)
Loved them!! Used them for a winter camping weekend to heat up the sleeping g bag and to stay warm during the night and they stayed warm all night! No leaks! Now my son uses one to warm up his bed, lol.. Sturdy and tough material. Definetly worth it!
Loved them!! Used them for a winter camping weekend to heat up the sleeping g bag and to stay warm during the night and they stayed warm all night! No leaks! Now my son uses one to warm up his bed, lol.. Sturdy and tough material. Definetly worth it!
Would recommend these mask over all others I have purchased over the past few years. I can chew gum and talk while wearing these mask with no problem.
Does what it's supposed to and how its supposed to.
These don't work at all. In fact, they seemed to amplify some of the sound by reverberating basslow frequency in my ears. They were comfortable and soft silicone, but that means nothing if they don't work for their intended purpose.
I specifically purchased this to wear over an N95 mask.  There is no way I would use this on its own. Its the same type of material as most of my T shirts. You can see through it if you hold it up to the light.I took a picture of this next to a standard disposable mask and a 3M N95 mask as well as a picture of it stretched over an N95.  It doesn't cover it completly and requires it to be stretched a bit but it works alright and the wrap over your ears is slightly more comfortable than elastic.The sowing of the seems is well done and the material is about the same as a good t shirt.  So far they are working ok. I would like them slightly bigger but they work and seem well made.
I actually use the 'leg thing' on my bicep when I have my infusion set attached to the back of my arm. I really like it as I'm able to coil my line and place it in the pouch with the pump.
There is hate but this is like the classic Mac and cheese but I liked it more. Just your basic tasting noodles and fake cheese powder. Give it a try.
For the price, these earplugs can't be beat.
This is really great stuff.  It is natural.  It works.  I learned about it years ago when I was going to fly.  Now I fly more often and am in a car traveling on all kinds of roads and in mountains at times and it is just really wonderful to help keep motion sickness away.  It even works on ships as well.  his is really a wonderful find.  it is simple, nothing I have to wear like a wrist thing, not a pill where I could have side effects just simply an oil I put behind my ears.  I make sure I am always stocked up on this wonderful stuff.  I suggest it to anyone who may have a need.
They work great with dress shoes.
We had a couples baby shower and this game was part of the fun! Both the boys and the girls wanted to try to get their sperm directly on the egg.
This was a really low quality toothbrush.  It is very cheaply made and felt like only a few bristles on the brush.  Really disappointed in the quality.
Ok for a temporary fix.  Buy a new chair.  Better yet, make your company buy one.  OSHA
These bags are so extremely thin theyare a complete waste! Five bags completely shredded as I was trying to open one!
It’s surprising what you learn when you take this test! Who knew a lot of what I don’t like I am intolerant to- new excuse!!
I got this to mix with water to put magnolia leaves in per things I read.  It worked and the magnolia leaves are not brittle and work and look good in an arrangement.
Glasses adhere for a few minutes but the eventually just get greasy and slide off more than usual.
Didn’t work.  I have a more textured curly hair type, and this did nothing for me. My regular flat iron does a better job at straightening and curling my ends. Maybe it’s more for naturally straight hair??????? Idk
I wanted to buy a good pair of ear plugs for attending concerts and live shows, which I do frequently. I was torn between these and the Etymotic Research ER20-SMC Plugs so I ordered both. They are very similar especially in terms of sound quality (most won't notice a difference, although I do believe I prefer the DownBeats sound-wise,)but the DBs are far more comfortable in the ear. I recently went on a trip and couldn't find my DBs, so I took the Etys and also realized that they are even more uncomfortable when laying, unless you sleep on your back. I prefer the case on the Etys as it opens and closes quietly, but performance and comfort are the most important qualities in ear plugs. My friend also tried both and prefers the Etys, but only because he fears the short DownBeats will get stuck somehow. Ha.
As described. You can’t beat the price. I’ve used the big name brand ones and this brand does the job well.
Poor quality - has small holes and the rice began leaking out the first day I opened it
These are essential for a permanent bandage need I have, that needs to be changed before showering.  I found them by searching for the product number. I'm glad to have found them. They are sterile and easy to use.
I've used it for many years, but a few years ago it disappeared from the drug store & grocery shelves.  I don't know why, but Amazon continued to carry it.  This last shipment came from India. The cardboard boxes were all crushed, but the tubes were just fine.
... does exactly what it’s supposed to do.
Does the job, removes the lint
Great purchase! One of my favorite pre-workouts.
I used to drink those ICE smoothies at Target, as a kid. Taste brings back memories! Quality is decent for getting a pump.
It does the job
PERFECT FOR THE BARBER SHOP !!!!!!
Excellent blood pressure monitor. No more spending money on batteries.  Charges quickly. Accurate like the battery operated monitors. Great price too. Very pleased.
Cute and nice bargain.
I like the fact this product came very fast.Also seems to be a good product.No problems at all.
Works fine.
I have had problems with nerve irritation in my legs from pressure. I don't have enough fat in those areas. Helps cut down on sciatic like pain. Good product exactly as described. Fast shipping.This is an edit to above. I gave the product the benefit of the doubt. It was not like the  ad photo. It was flimsy plastic with blue water and some little soft plastic beads inside. Where pressure was applied, all liquid shifted to another section. Like sitting on a balloon half full of water. It also started to leak after the first week and I only weigh 190 lbs. Flimsy and not gel filled.
2 soft, when I placed it in my office chair it just goes down 😑
When I first got this gel, I thought that there was no way it was going to work but it does AND it is a large tube so you get your moneys worth. I have spinal stenosis and the weather is changing which means that I have more pain than normal but this gel has eased my joint pain. I recommend to everyone who suffers from arthritis, joint pain, stenosis, or even fibromyalgia.  I received this item either free or greatly discounted since I am a nation wide product tester and my testimony is true and unbiased
I was not a fan of this oil set. I use Doterra Oils but bought a blend set to use at work however all of these smell terrible and I can tell the quality is not great, probably because I am used to using Doterra.
Cannot adjust steam flow. Steam stops coming out even at high water level. Arm of steam not adjustablemoveable. Only the whole thing raises and lowers. The magnifying mirror is useless in its position and not very magnified.Update: It has now stopped working! After only 4 uses! Now it just spits out water rather than blowing out steam.
My hair is mainly straight but gets waived sometimes. The brush did not work well. I had difficulty in holding the brush and the hair at the same time. I would say it straightened my hair only 30%. I decided to return and invest on a better one. although I loved the color.
This is perfect for travel or home use. I am able to fit 4 pillsvitamins in each daily compartment. If I needed more, I would have to use two. I have considered using two anyway, one for am and one for pm. This has definitely helped my forgetful brain to know whether I have already taken my pills or not. I would absolutely purchase again! Good packaging and quick shipping.
The quality is nice and pattern is pretty.
These are so pretty and wash up great - hand wash. Would surely recommend.
Irritating to the skin
delivered as expected and container didn't have a large air gap.
Took first one felt good. After a week started getting super dry skin and thyroid actually swelled up. The only one seems to work for me was vita-Strength.I tried this because of the great reviews. Since back on Vita thyroid not swollen and dry skin,weight getting better. I can't recommend this in good faith.
Finish is now wrapped in some form of cover that is very hard to take off.  I am concerned that we eventually drink whatever we put into our water.So, I changed to Cascade powder since I love to measure my product and am not so lazy that I need a pod.Imagine my surprise when I could use the Normal cycle on my dishwasher with Cascade since I had to use Heavy Duty wash when using Finish.
This review process with Amazon has changed, you read reviews to a product that has nothing to do with the product your looking at
This is a perfect addition to some walkers.  Comes with liner that can easily be cleaned up without having to remove the tray from the walker.  However, pay close attention to the product images . . . this will not work on all walkers.  There must be a crossbar atnear the top of the walker for this to rest on when in service.  There is a different version of this tray for those walker without the upper crossbar.  This one won't work on most &#34;Drive&#34; brand walkers, but the other one (called the &#34;Pivot&#34;) probably will.
Is what was suspected
The bristles on mine are too flimsy to clean a tire and can barely agitate grime when applying a product like Griot's, but they do work ok for cleaning wheels. A decent option, but there are better products out there.
It works great. I thought it would be horrible quality bc it’s so cheap but it’s actually great. Not too rough on the skin, and very smallcompact. Make sure to charge before you use
This nose clip is useless.  It doesn't stay on.
I use this to brushclean my cat's teeth and they work better than I expected, I can use the same sponge 5 to 7 times without having it break, considering how sharp cat's teeth are, my cat does not resist, so is an easy process, I don't need to maneuver the sponge in a forceful way at all, when it breaks, just cracks, so far I haven't had a sponge breaking into pieces, I use it moist with the teeth cleaning spray they sell for pets, I have never used it dry.
These loofahs are quite soft and durable bath sponge. Material feels luxury and soft to the touch yet still foams and cleans well, not itchy or scratchy. I noticed that these do not become loose with just after one wash like others which I bought from my local stores. I dont like that there Is just one color to choose. this sponge won't expand or torn apart so quickly after few washes. I like that they came packed in such a lovely way - a set of three in a zipper pouch ... good gift idea 🤔Hmmm may be next time for someone.. they also come with a suction holder which is great to hang these loofah after wash..The only thing I wish it is the colors - they could have add multiple colors instead of just one. they have nice exfoliating material  and produces good amounts of lather as well and holds too. These are not too dense or thick as to take for ever as most loofahs do to rinse off the left lather after washing...
Lovely scent. Soft, silky, powder. Terrific quality, as Avon products always seem to have.
I am a massage therapist and I use the Jeannie rub in my work.  My customers love it.It does a fab job relaxing tense back muscles effortlessly.
Love the colors.  Using for make tissue paper carnations.
Its really hard to get the lid on right and it leaks out the top.
Don’t waste money on buying these I got them today and try to use them what a waste of time and money they have done nothing for my pain. No heat no relief just a waste of money. Stick with salon pas
I like that these don't dissolve with essential oils in them.
Along with elbow grease, they polish off the nasty residue on cookware and kill soap scum in the shower, including the once impossible bumpy ridges on the floor of our fiberglass bathtub. These also work great to remove the sticky palm marks on the banister that seemed endless and almost impossible to get off. Nothing is impossible with these dynamos! They wear through quickly when you really need to scrub, but they are still the best thing I have found to do almost any task. Thankful.
Good quality. This was recommended by my chiropractor. It definately helps to get to those hard to reach spots plus does a better job than just using your hands. I did travel with this and it came apart and clipped together easily.
Wouldn’t Spend more the. $10 on this. Malfunctions after first use.
Nice and small
I love this thing.,  It is easy to peddle and  you can set it up anywhere in the house.  You can watch tv or read a book while you peddle.  It is quiet and does not squeak.  It is not real heavy so you can quickly and easily move it to clean around it.  I put it on a rubber back rug so that it would not move on the hardwood floor while I peddled and I would suggest the same.  It will move away from you while you peddle, if it is on hardwood,
I have no idea if this works or not so I don't know how to rate it.
While I really like this product, this is the second time I got only 6 pieces in a box.  The boxes are not sealed so who knows where the seventh piece is!
One pair actually went too far into my ear, was able to get it out with tweezer. The bigger set does not block out most noise.
I can't remember the last time a purchase made me THIS happy! Doesn't matter what season it is, my feet develop thick calluses and crack open and bleed (not just on the heels).  I have used all manner of graters (sponges, files, microplanes, etc.) and while they make my feet smoother, I can't get rid of the calluses.  The Emjoi did what all of those other methods could never accomplish.  My feet are indeed smooth and SOFT after using it just a couple of times.  And oddly enough, even though it took the calluses down more completely than the other methods, it seemed to be gentler on my skin than the other tools, which often left me with sore or bleeding feet.  I will sing Emjoi's praises from the rooftops, LOL.
This filter has about 12 the pleats of prior filters I've used.  With fewer pleats there is less surface area for filtering so I suspect it will get dirtier sooner and I will have to change filters more frequently. Also, I have no idea how that affects performance. Maybe I should have looked at the picture more carefully because it is an adequate reflection of number of pleats though spacing it not as uniform. This filter was in a nondescript box with the filter itself covered in plain plastic.  There wasn't any info on manufacturer or Merv rating. Maybe contractors are their most likely consumer?  I would feel more comfortable being able to read about the product.
How did this get such a high review here?!... not for this tough,  scratchy, khaki colored denim fabric.  It is stiff with absolutely ZERO airflow.  I literally could feel the air being pushed out and sucked in from the sides.  And the handle around the ears is very uncomfortable as well.  I am so confused as to how and why this has such high ratings.  If I hadn't washed it b4 wearing,  I would have sent this piece of crap back.  What a waste of hard earned money. If only I could give it no stars
They would be more comfortable if they were the full length of the shoe.
This product really works to clean your windows outside in one easy step.  No prep cleaning needed.  Just Put the Renz EZ in the canister, attach it to a hose, put your finger over the little hole to let the soap dispense in a strong spay from the dispenser then lift your finger to rinse with a strong spray of clear water.  Expect to get a little wet.
Game was just okay. Some of the things (like putting your cell phone down your partners pants) were tasteless. Other things were alright, but I can't say I'd recommend this for anyone who has been in a long relationship. Mine is going on 7 years. I can see how it may be a decent bedroom icebreaker for newer relationships possibly. The game was in great condition and arrived on time.
After shaking the can as instructed and several minutes of trying to make it spray, it only sprays out half inch sized spot of powder.  Really worthless can.
Helped greatly. He refuses to get a hearing aid but this has enabled us to quit screaming all the time. I can also have the TV at an acceptable level before I go deaf.
This product is not for consumption and this information was not indicated in the description. I will never purchase from this company because I may get another product that I can’t use. The fact that you are unable to return products is another reason I am an unsatisfied customer.
Great product and good price.
This is a nice denture bath.  Good quality and comes in three pieces - the lid, the inside basket and the outer bin.  The lid comes off easy so it's easy to access the basket - it just lifts out of the bin.  I ordered the standard size and I was a little concerned it would be too small but nope - both my upper and lower dentures fit nicely.
Cute set, exactly as pictured. We actually left them outside after the party since I wasn't planning on saving them and they held up great. They made a nice addition to the decorations in the backyard!
We use this in a 10 x 12 bedroom that once had fire damage from a chimney fire. Even after killz paint,new hardwood, new fixtures, central air running, we could still smell it a little in one corner of the room. We recently had a baby and the newborn being in the room with us made me finally try this,  and it worked! At first I was a little uneasy about having something plugged in and running 247, but it only works well if running at all times.  It does put off a little bit of light and it sounds like a small fan.  So it's not super quiet, but the white noise is good for the baby anyway so I enjoy it. Overall I'm very very happy with this!
Plastic was thin,  to able to give as a gift as I had hoped.
Nice to have to store batteries but wish it was not all these little parts.  Maybe combine two together.
I love these gummies and they are yummy
Love these but the only problem is I got two silver ones and it said I would get one yellow gold and one silver so I'm not happy I got two silver ones so I will order more but other than that they are perfect and fit exactly the way I want especially since the other ones I ordered were too big.
This is a very good product.
Seems to be working....thus far, 4 weeks, my fruit and berries are not getting ucky!
VERY CHEAP, does not give correct weight. Total waist of money....
Lots of dental floss so I won't have to order it again in the near future. Also Prime free two day shipping to my front door, what more could you ask for? The floss is fairly thin which I wanted so I could floss in between a  couple really tight teeth I have. The flavor is subtle mint and at 55 yards one container has plenty of floss to last two months. By those calculations this order should cover one person for an entire year of daily flossing using just under 3 feet of floss each time.
I thought these caps would be a soft silicone that would stretch to fit over the heel but they're hard plastic and were WAY too big for my stiletto on my wedding day. My bridesmaids had to wrap my heels in toilet paper to wedge these caps onto the shoe! They might fit a thicker pump style heel but they are far from a universal fit.
This is my second basket to try with my knee scooter and I wished I had bought it first. It attaches easy and holds things I need freeing up my hands. I left the handle off mine and keep it attached to the scooter. I easily lift the basket off for loading it into the car and just as easily reattach.
This is 3 ounces, NOT 3 pounds!  But came on time and its great for travel.
This is a good solid wedge. It is durable and wipes clean. It is higher than most which is what I needed. Great prodigy. Really helps my circulation when I sleep.
Used in the shower over my cast without getting a bit wet. It is made of very sturdy material. I highly recommend!
The picture is not what I got. I got the short ones with the pointed end which are much poorer quality than the ones in the photo with the squared end.
African American hair don't know my curl pattern. My hair is thin in comparison to other black women hair. Straightens nicely. The heat is not so direct which makes it great for healthy hair. Not good for styling I had to use my flat iron (direct heat) but I didn't have to use my flat iron as much which helps to decrease the amount of heat on my hair. The Apalus brush is difficult to clean.
These were not cut out, took us a long time. Looks so home made.Poor quality
useless, really does not do anything. You could put a deodorant stick instead and it feels the same..
This number four was a perfect option for my grandsons 4th bday party. The color was perfect for his dinosaur theme. I will definitely purchase more numbers and letters in all the colors. Thank you!!
It’s ok. It’s a little rough for my scalp
Perfect for travel, and high-quality. I could do without the travel brush.
No flavor. Easy to use and store. Easy to digestHonestly, I feel stronger. Belly flat..Hopefully this is a great long time but.
I use this frequently.
Wonderful product!
I use this product for diabetis problems and it works very well as expected. The delivery was pretty quick as well. Will definitely order from this seller again.
Have used for years.  Now I have a convenient case to carry in my purse.
THE BRISTLES ARE SO SOFT!!! Great for a gentle exfoliation!
I do not like nuts, so hard to find a protien bar wo them. These taste good and are very filling....surprising for how tiny they are. Company stuck some extra samples in the box which was nice (hubby had to eat the nut one). The lemon was great and I will order it next.
Excellent buy, good product.
I've been wearing contact lenses since 1973.  This product works better than anything I've ever tried, particularly when your lenses are grimy from pollution and irritants.  The generics are fine, but the Alcon brand is really the best.
This is the best product in the market. I swear by it. Just like the people on the 'my big fat greek wedding', i always say &#34;did you put some glycerin on it?&#34; my pimple.... put some at night - over night it reduces the swelling and makes it ready to &#34;pop&#34; in the morning. i don't even dilute it with anything...
These are a GREAT option if you're a Paleo fan and trying to eat only whole and natural foods. Are they like a candy bar like most &#34;healthy&#34; protein bars-no, definitely not and this wouldn't be for you. I find the flavor good, they satisfy my hunger for a few hours, and they are great to have on hand for when you need a high protein snack and need something quick. As they suggest, you really should put them in the microwave for 10 secs before eating. That makes all the difference. They are a bit greasy when you first open the package which is a little odd to me but I just overlook it and dig in. The texture is pretty hard unless you heat them up a bit. The chocolate was my favorite but all 3 flavors are good. The mint is pretty minty so if you're not a fan you likely won't enjoy it.
For the price, these will work.
These make my mouthteeth feel like I just left the dentist. No pain, don’t need to do cartwheels (floss) the cleaning is thorough and the price is right for 4 in the package.I highly recommend. As matter of fact, I’m back to get a couple more packs!
I am very pleased with the results I have seen using this product. My skin looks younger and more healthy. I will order this product again.
Loved the balloons, but the tassel banner was horrible. While trying to put it together, it kept tearing and breaking. Really upsetting. Just purchase a banner already put together. I didn't realize that it wasn't already in one piece. Horrible quality.
The gel freezes as hard as a rock. This is not a real high quality ice pack. It'll do, but make sure you pull it out of the freezer after a little bit of time.
These are my favorite tissues. The cube box is always better than the rectangle! These are soft and have a simple box that's not too distracting.
I bought these based on the reviews, but they are not wet enough. My optician said that the wetter the better when it comes to cleansing your glasses. In fact, he recommended a spray and cloth better than any lens wipes, but I'm too lazy to be carrying that in the car, in the house, etc., while wipes can be stored anywhere. This means, I'll have to look for a better product, perhaps paying a little more money. If it's not wet enough, it will scratch your glasses and you will lose that investment.
Helps tremendously.
A friend recommended this product for bruises. It works! I sprayed the bruised area and rubbed it in, then sprayed a bandage and placed it on my arm overnight. I did that 3 nights in a row and the bruising was GONE! My bruises usually take over 2 WEEKS to finally fade away. This stuff really does the trick! I’m thrilled cuz I hate those “Old Lady Bruises”! They look awful. Now when I bang my arm or hand I’ll just use this stuff. HIGHLY recommend! 😀
love the product works great love the different vibrations that you can do
The item was used one time and then it stopped working.  It would not turn on, so in the trash it went!
The scale is inconsistant and does not correctly measure weight. It has also weighed me as a &#34;guest&#34; on several occassions.
i like it. only support you can truly boost back up when it lessens to resupport you. hand pump worked for about a yr and a half and then went. but I like it
It's like washing your hair with conditioner instead of shampoo.  I haven't noticed any huge difference, but I'm a senior and really can't expect miracles.  The fragrance is VERY LIGHT.  I have a lot of sinus problems, but this doesn't bother me at all.
Sorry, not as presented.
This works if you can't button your jeans after you have been to an all you can eat restaurant, honest.
Have 5 tanks, so it holds up well to a lot of use.  Works well in both sand and gravel.
Love this heated eyelash curler, has 3 heat settings. It does get hot. It’s chargeable which is great and comes with extra styling tools. With it hade a case or pouch to carry it all.
If you have leaky gut issues, you most likely Don’t have enough Buteric acid and your intestines. I did a lot of research, I’m not a doctor. But doctors weren’t healing me just giving me Band-Aid prescriptions to help alleviate the pain. I started this product after much research and within two weeks, my stabbing stomach pain that was going on for two years stopped. 30 days later I was having healthy BM’s (sorry, but true). I suggest adding fiber “Metamucil” A couple times a day with it and glutamine at night. As well as a good probiotic. 60 days later, I haven’t had any stomach issues and still “regular”. The Key to cure leaky gut issues is to make sure that you’re having bowel movements every day. If you can only get your sugars in your veggies for the first 30 days (no maple or honey either), it’s a great kick off to getting your gut back to normal. Sidenote two, I don’t have sinus allergies anymore due to a bay fever. Getting your gut fixed, fixes so much more. Good luck and I support this supplement.
I think that it helps my sleep and cools my body temperature down.
Not worth to send back. Just bought by mistake wrong model.
I love this product.  As long as you clean them properly will last about two months (wish is was longer).  They work great as long as you are not extreamly engorged.
The bottle said the color was grey and it turned out to be navy blue color. It peels off fairly easy also. I just wasn't very satisfied with this product.
I had previously bought Wet Stop 3 and had to return it because it would go off on random times when it wasn't even wet. And that was just a month after using it. This one we liked so much better.Pros:Easy to clip on underwearAlarm loud enough to wake up but not scare the living daylights of our sondidn't go off at random timesreally liked that all you had to do to get it to stop beeping was un-clip it from the wet clothing. (Note: some people like when there's more steps to get it to stop because then it's not super easy for the child to just un-clip it and go back to sleep but we didn't have this problem)Prefer the arm band to the chest clipCons:arm band can get a little loose and hard to tightenall in all it worked great for our son. He kept wearing it well after he stopped peeing in bed (they recommend that) It just became part of bed time routine. Just recently started sleeping without it, and he's doing great. If he does start to relapse, we'll start using it again.the armband
I bought this shower bench to be able to shave my legs or sit to take a shower when sick. It looks great in my shower, is the correct height for shaving legs and very sturdy.
Works better than anything
This was bought for Easter Baskets since I had to do all my shopping online due to COVID-19.  Well, I suppose I didn't HAVE to, but I did choose to.  There was very little options for basket grass, and at least this was pretty cheap, but it left bits of pink EVERYWHERE and was a huge mess.  I threw it away the second the baskets were rolled out, and won't be buying it again.  But Easter was saved.  So 2 stars.
Soap did not perform as expected and did not last as long as soaps used in relation to size. Scent was mild and not aromatic as I was hoping it to be.
This is now part of my gift stock. What a nice way to dress up a book or small gift. Lovely & easy.
This handy little hair remover works just as well as the more expensive one out there. It leaves the skin smooth and hair free with no stubble. Makeup goes on so much better. It's quick and easy to use. Great purchase!
Great roller bottles to use for essential oil blends!
Works just as expected! Perfect size and very cute!
The replacement toothbrushes for Philip's Sonic was excellent price & quality & compatible with the toothbrush.  I would definitely buy again when I need them!
Works well as a trimmer but is not a razor for close shave.  I recommend it for trimming beard lines.
I just needed a replacement part for my broken trimmer and the image and description of this product matched. But the item I recieved was not the same as marketed. It is a brand called Kemel, it is a trimmer that I thought I might as well keep because it seemed to be more expensive than what I payed for. But as I opened the box I quickly realized it was used, with hair trimming still on it. Not only that but the charger cannot even be used in American outlets. This thing is being returned immediately!
Spent a week in India. Was concerned about you know what. Didn't have any problems
I was more hopeful to have a disposable cup that was better quality.  It is ok, nice black color BUT more "flimsy". I would not order again.
The wife loves it. No complaints at this time and will update accordingly.
I found this mouth guard several years ago and have been a fan ever since.  I hated the expensive ones the dentist made as well as the boil and fit ones in the drug store.  This mouth guard is comfortable, you hardly know it is there.  It does the job.  I highly recommend it.  Mine last about a year.
The scrubby side is so soft, my cats love this all over their tender faces and necks.  esp my older cat!
So far I haven't noticed a HUGE difference, but this thing has reduced some of the stank in my car. Recommend for high activitymilitarygymmartial arts types.
I did not believe all the hype but my DIL kept promoting this product to me so I finally decided to give it a try. It lives up to all the reviews. I have gotten out old set-in stains. The other day it beautifully removed a blood stain from a bed sheet that I had been unable to get out for months. Was ready to just buy a new bottom sheet. After one washing with the dreft stdin remiver, I put the sheet on the bed. The stain was near a corner pocket. I searched and searched for the stain but found nothing - not even the tell-tale shadow ring that blood usually leaves. It is an expensive product but I will not hesitate to buy more BC it works better than anything I have ever used.
Nice tight fit and good optical clarity. Perfect for motorcycle riding as they offer complete sealing all around my eyes and the built in readers are a nice convenience.
Even though it smells like old cheese it provides the essential butyric acid that becomes deficient in older people.
Love this stuff
My doctor says SAM-e deteriorates rapidly from humidity.  He says must buy the kind in individual foil protection.  Too bad, cause these are cheaper but this form too fragile he says.
Really terrible product.  Has no power at all.  Waste of money.
This scale works quite well and I'm very pleased with it.
This does not get warm enough. Despite following package instructions and only hearing in microwave for one min the clay beads started to spill out only 2 days after use. Unfortunately not happy with this item at all.
It seemed like it made it harder to breathe not easier.  I returned
Stopped working after 1 month.
Provides a stream of natural like light where you need it for reading or other tasks that require good lighting.
I love the product and wish I could buy more.
Not a single strawberry to be had. My youngest loves the strawberry straws & they have become increasingly hard to find in my area so when I saw the chance to get not just that flavor but other we hadn’t tried yet I thought why not give it a try.  I was under the impression after reading the product description & reviews that I would get a variety of flavors. I got 4, only one of which I can’t get in my local stores. Of those 4 flavors, an overwhelming majority is (what I’m assuming to be) vanilla milkshake. I’m incredibly disappointed.
I had attach these to two pieces of wood as we had several storms with pretty high winds that blew them off the house. With on the wood I could keep them attached better
Came fast, good enough quality!
Good product.
This is the best one I've tried so far that doesn't cost $100+. You might need to adapt it to your tens unit but it was a 5 min job for me.
I was very disappointed because site states they are cotton. They are not!! They are microfiber!!!
I bought this because I have arthritis and my tailbone hurts after a short time in any chair. I was hoping for pressure relief, but this is so hard my backside hurts just the same. Also, it's very large. I was hoping that a pillow large enough to cover any chair would be a plus, but it has hard square sides that dig into my legs. And, it's too high. I find I can't sit all the way back in the chair and don't get any back support because of the size of this pillow.I'm glad I tried out the pillow so now I can stop thinking about buying the bed. Now, I have to figure out how to return this because it wasn't shipped from Amazon and I didn't keep the outer box.
Scraped my shin down to the bone.  I use these daily to protect my shin.  So easy to use
They do the job at a great price
They should just take them off the shelf as they do nothing for you
I first discovered a hot water bottle while in Kenya on Safari. They put them under your sheets during turn down service, so by the time you get into bed, it is toasty and comfy. This is the first and only time I've experienced this and u knee
This vitamin product works great, and I would purchase this item again
We used the bags for seed samples with wire tags for ID.  As such, we don't need drawstrings.  Would be nice to have a plain top bag option.
i feel like they aren't as good now as they were when the magic eraser first came out?  anyone else feeling that? or is it that i've just come to expect miracles from them? because the magic eraser is the best cleaning product i've ever owned!!!!!!!  everyone should have them in their kitchen!
Its a little stiff.
I'm wearing a cast for 8 weeks post op for ankle surgery and using a knee walker. These are terrific for not having to leave the bed during the night time. The top seal works well. Recommend getting your preferred aromatic spray cleaner in a bottle so you can rinse with something to get rid of the urine aroma when not in use during the day.
functions well.
Awesome comfort!
This was more like a cream in a tub instead of like a vaseline ointment.  I found it hard to use.
Works fine
One of the best protein flavors I had! The other ones are better but this one is still pretty good!👍🏽
Best tasting protein I have ever had! Hands down!!!👍🏽 Must try at least once! Couldn't say the same about any other protein.
These are a great solution for life's little inconsistencies.  Very comfortable and discreet. I would recommend this product.
Horrible...left my hair too puffy.
Took some use getting use to the routine of taking every night, but now that I have it down I will always take it. Definitely regulated my system!
My Ulla worked 2-3 times correctly when I first tried it. Now a bottle of water can sit for two hours and nothing. I just received it yesterday. Very disappointing. I don’t have time to find packaging and mail it back to amazon. It won’t allow me to leave “0” stars, so I’ll give it “1” for the cute pink hearts on it. Functionality “0”.
I returned the item.  It may  have worked for just teeth whitening however as a toothbrush it was absolutely horrible.  It was like putting my retainer in my mouth with some toothpaste on it and expecting a result.  Not worth the money! Go with a traditional electric toothbrush.
They are bigger than I realized ! But will make do !
Elevated toilets are very expensive and hard to find. This innovative product solved my problem and you cannot even notice it's there! My handyman installed it in 30 minutes and I am much the better for it as the old hips ain't what they used to be!
Label was different than picture, but I guess it is the same stuff.  Seems to be the same as what I had before.
Great for packing light
I have sensitive skin and this keeps my hair healthy with NO irritation.
I used these once, just to serve spaghetti.  The sauce left a bad stain that I couldn't remove, even after washing  three times.  See the photos.  The plates are very light weight, but they are not rigid.  They are sturdy enough, but you should be aware that the plates are flexible and can bend a bit, so stuff can spill over the edges if the plate is too full.  At $2 a plate, that makes these pretty pricey disposable plates.
Good replacement for my Waterpik Model 660.  Easy to install.  The shape is slightly different than the original so it doesn't fit perfectly in the holder but it stays in place just fine.  The handle holds the tip perfectly.  As others have noted, there appears to be a slight decrease in pressure but in my opinion not enough to prevent effective water flossing.  Given the price and free 2 day shipping, I think that it is still worth 4.5 stars.  I haven't had it long enough to comment on durability.
I have a Medium size and love it on the plane.  My husband isn't as fond of it -- but then he doesn't like neck ties either!  I think it beats any pillow that wraps around your neck.
seems to work great. Have only had it a month now so I will see how it endures.....
need to put liquid in a squeeze bottle or supply a eye drop to apply.
Good Product!
Since our 5 month old daughter was born she has had sensitive skin and we are very cautious about the products we use. With our previous 2 children we did not have this issue so we never bought Dreft products before. I purchased the newborn laundry soap for her clothes and noticed she was getting milk stains on her burp cloths, and bibs. Without hesitation we purchased this stain remover since the laundry soap works so good and does not break her out. This spray is amazing! It will get ANYTHING out of clothes. We stock this spray like its going out of style and I now use it on my 2 and 10 year olds cloths also! The smell is good, and its perfect for anyone with skin sensitivity or allergies. We also use the dreft stain remover pens when we are on the go! They fit perfectly in diaper bags, purses, etc! Definitely recommend this product to anyone with children or frequent stains as it is the best on the market! Now only if there was a fabric softener from Dreft (if there is i have yet to find it!) we would be 100% Dreft users. For now we will just use the free & clear from Downy!!!
When I ordered these and got them at first I saw hazelnut and thought YUK!  But when I ate them they were decent!  Being gluten free nothing is "delicious" but we deal.  So I ordered again and got bars that were stale!  I think I will try something else.
These work great for me. I have tried so many I wont buy anything else ever again.
Perfect for my husband with 17" calves! The size is probably true to chart. My experience was to order larger so they wouldn't be too short, like other brands have been. Just too wide for my calves 14"  but definitely tall enough! I just ordered a sm to try and another pack of lxl for my husband.  Not too thick. Have been washed a few times and air dried... no wear at all.
The quality of the bags is very poor. the seams rip open the second you put anything in them.If they were sturdier they would get 5 stars for their overall holiday charm.
cant feel pain on bum
Started having frequent nosebleeds and I keep one in my car, in my purse by the bed! Hospital charged my Dad 79$ for one of these so this is a deal!
These are well-made; however, they did not work for my problem of heel spurs.  well, I gave them 3 stars but changed it to 4 because they are better than i thought, at first--need to use them with boots, like Keens or some other boot--not sneakers or tennis shoes and not wear thick socks because these take up room in your boot.  I always buy my boots a half size bigger than i wear because I put inserts in them.  I have been using another inserts but i developed heel spurs so I tried other inserts out.  At first, I thought these would not work for me, but low and behold, once I placed them in boots with thinner socks, I have had nothing but foot joy and knee joy and hip joy while walking.  I would have given them a 5 star but they squeak a bit--hoping that goes away as they wear in.  Recommended!
I bought mine at Walgreens last night. For 9.99 this product is more than a good value. Spins great. Brushes have not fallen off. I have used it 4 times and perfect each time. My face feels so smooth and so clean! I would buy again, and def plan to when needed!
It works well, and its aroma is, for me, quite pleasant. Follow the directions and your shoes will revive (at least mine did).
I experienced a noticeable improvement in memory recall.
The Innate Vitality Krill Oil looks like a good replacement for another company's Krill Oil that was costing me almost double. I have been taking the product for almost 3 weeks now, 2 capsules daily, one in the morning and the other after dinner which is late, usually about 8 or 8:30. In that time I have not experienced any aftertaste, nor have I detected any scent except for a very slight one which is too be expected as all health supplements have their own unique fragrance.The jury is still out if this will help my irregular high blood pressure but I know it will take some time for my body to see the overall benefits but it seems from the research I have done that Krill oil has been proven, scientifically, to benefit your cardiovascular system. I will be ordering my next bottle shortly as they are out of stock right now and possibly go on a subscription basis, if one is offered.
I bought this as we are contemplating on switching trees next year.  It made our 2 yr old tree look a bit better.  It was worth the money.
Magically delicious
Great taste...good value. Powder goes a long way...a little provides a lot of benefit.  Mixes well into plain yogurt.  The tiny spoon in the bag is difficult to use and becomes near useless as the contents diminish part half empty.  Need to have long handle tea spoon handy to make your life easier and far less messy.  Blueberry powder stains for life!
I gave this a five star for easy to inflate because I had a special pump from a previous purchase that made this easy.  Without a pump, it would not be easy.  This was a great affordable 2020 decorations.
Meh.. I have a respiratory disease and this mask is no more or less breathable than the rest.. the plus side is it won’t fall off
This flavor is great, and it mixes up really well. If you are sick of too sweet protein supplements this one is a great option.
This is used by my wife to make her E Juice for her electric cigarette(she vapes).  It works just like it is supposed to.  She always uses &#34;food grade&#34; and this brand is that so all is well.  She stopped smoking over a  year ago after 40 years of smoking and I (a non-smoker) am as happy as she is about the change.
I can’t believe they worked! I was at my wits end with drain flies ....., Which has only become an issue in my area in the past 2 year’s and I have tried everything.... For sure buying again
I really love this product and I'm glad I bought it.  It makes your eyelashes look so good.
It’s light is very bright.  Came very fast and packaged securely.
Missing 1 and 3 clips are broken...
This is my favorite go-to wild rice mix.One time, I couldn't find this brand in stock, so I got the 'Rice Select Rice Blend' instead.  Big mistake and big disappointment, as the first ingredient in the Rice Select blend was ....Texmati WHITE rice.
It works great wish I could see the graduation a little bit more.
Makes mask wearing much more comfortable for me. Wore on a plane for several hours and practically forgot I had it on! You need to pull the mask down well over your chin, then it doesn't move when you breathe or talk.There are better ones, though. These don't "clip onto" the mask, you just shove them under it. The clip-ons are more convenient, especially if you take your mask on and off a lot.
It wasn't for me - the balls were to hard and wasn't relaxing at all. If you like a rough massage then this one is for you. You need some meat on your bones though...
My husband likes the zippered compression socks.  They are comfortable and easy to put on and off with the zipper.
This is phenomenal.  It works so well to relieve pain across your back and shoulders and actually your neck.  I love this heat wrap.
Love this stuff.  It's great for a quick spritz of moisture.  Nice smell, not too overpowering.  Solid pump too.
I have a larger than average size face with a little facial hair. This mask fits and covers very well. My only complaint is that it forces my ears down. I would prefer a mask that does not rely on my ears to stay on. That seems to be impossible to find, at least on Amazon.
Just what I needed for my sanding disk adaptation to my drill chuck.
Perfect replacement part For my waterpik. Couldn’t live without this essential teeth cleaner.
Capsule was deflated. I brought the capsule to my Physical Therapist who recommended the device. The PT said the capsule was deflated meaning there was not enough gelatin inside it for the device to perform what it was meant for.
 I debated giving this 3 stars because of its big flaw.  I have another derma-needling  device (made in Czechoslovakia) that has the pen attached to the motor via a cord that fully retracts the needles. That one I am comfortable with doing the swiping motions. I do like that this one goes to 2.5 depth. My other goes to 1.75mm depth only. I got this one because it was on vine and all of these devices are expensive. My other device that I paid full price for now has a 2.5 needle depth but that one is $200.00.Derma-needling is really great for collagen induction and I long ago gave up the derma rollers. Those hurt a lot more and typically take longer than a really good dermapen. This pen might take longer than my older device though because I don’t feel comfortable sliding it over my skin.Let’s start with the pros:Rechargeable batteryCordless or wires operationLightEasy to holdI actually like the twist for depth needle depth selectionMultiple speedsIf you use it as a stamp you might be able to get away with less or no serum for the “slip”. Can just put serum on afterwards.Cons:The big one: needles don’t fully retract so better to use this as a stamp turning it on and off again.It also seemed like it wasn’t a full up and down motion each time (you know, like a jack hammer) but more of a vibrate up and down a little and then up and down a bit more. See my slowed down video with needles set at 2.5mm and speed 1.
If you want a nose hair trimmer with zero power this is the one for you!
first container contained black small particlesa like it was previously opened.
nice to have a combination pack
NO! Do Not use Magic Erasers on anything! I can't believe they are even still selling any of these things. They serve no purpose and will damage anything they touch. If you care about the surface you are about to clean, keep these things away or the surface WILL be damaged.
Love it, works perfectly.
Best tongue scraper I have found, and the company is super nice!!  Would definitely purchase it again!
The fact that I can still wear the majority of my shoes with these orthotics is great but they also do the job of supporting my arches.  Highly recommend.
This protective placard holder is a very well made and thick plastic holder. Unfortunately the new North Carolina placards do not fit this well. The top of the new placards extend higher than the holders hook portion. You can still use it but it is a little more difficult to hang. This is not the fault of the manufacturer rather the fault of the state in its design! It does its job but if you have a new North Carolina placard be aware this will be a problem!
Excellent for sensitive skin. Strong but pliable, very comfortable.
Product is above average but all kits should include a "includes checklist".  Meaning that there's an inventory of things and an easy way to check off what has been used.
This works good. Usually have to buy just the eyebrow shaver for more and I have to worry about finding a battery. This has more attachments and a USB charger. Glad I got it!
Handles are too flimsy and bend too much to exert the amount of pressure to cut toe nails.You get what you pay for.
I searched for the best fish oil that was easy enough to use. I actually put it into my morning smoothly.  As I really dont see any difference. I am hoping behind the scenes its working.
got it yesterday, I am so delighted with this product. I have kind of fine hair. After my hair was washed and dried. Within minutes as a first time user, My hair looked professionally done. Totally excellent, certainly worth the money. I am usually not handy with my kinky curly hair. And I dread washing as I will have to fix it again. (to look presentable) I would give this a 10 star if I could
Forget about this if you have trouble with big pills. It's shorter but almost round and the gelcap is sticky. It got stuck and I was choking. I just ordered the liquid. I hadn't been taking omega 3's and my husband kinda pushed it on me. So yes, I should take it, but forget trying to swallow something like this. Mini? nope.
Footstool was a great purchase and has been very helpful to me.  It is very steadystable and I feel safe using it.
They work great I had trouble before I ordered these strips my mask would not stay n my head. I ordered these connecting strips and I'm. Very happy .
Fast shipping and great product.
After installing this to my Waterpik and trying it out for the first time there is a slight leak that drips from the handle down the hose.  It’s only a few drops each use but there shouldn’t be any.  Also, I can’t explain why the pressure doesn’t seem to be as strong as the original.
Got these socks for my mom for Christmas as a stocking stuffer and it’s been almost 6 months she’s had them and she still wears them all the time around the house. They’re still soft and cute even after being washed quite a lot.
just what I needed
Absolutely love them !
Washes great
Completely Satisfied, 5-Star Seller.
Lots of Horse sized pills, but really good product.
Most compression socks are plain hose or black. These are just plain fun as well as fashionable. I get many complements.
Don't know yet just got it.
Actually a 4XL and it fits comfortably, and being adjustable my ears are pleased. The design is awesome and very functional and roomy in front of your face. Stretch materials are thick, soft and easy to adjust but not loosen as you wear unless you decide to adjust it yourself. Covers nose bridge, cheeks, and under chin. I doubt I will add a nose thing since it's design and adjust ability make for a good face fit with little to no gaps in the nose area or under eyes.
I prefer these containers over the resealable bags that sometimes will not reseal. Also easier to spoon out of this and comes with a measuring spoon. Good quality powder with that Irish Mossy taste yumm LOL. Wish it came in a larger size or maybe it does and I have not seen it yet?
not the same as the picture
good taste, no problems with it
For the price, Ok
Nice and soft
if you wear contacts very often and you change them more than once during the day, this system it is very useful, it does clean them well, I do feel the difference once I put my contacts on, just as a side note, I have used it for also hard contacts and it did work good too.
This basket fit right on my dads walker, he has one that has curved supports in the fromt. This hit right on , I don't think it would fit walkers with straight supports.
These are great for keeping the mask straps from bending your ears.
Just what I ordered
I've purchased PillowPaws skid resistant socks before, in XXL (grey) and was very pleased.I decided to order a smaller size for my grandson but they didn't offer them in grey.I was disappointed in the quality of this order, though they are still comfy.I wear the 3 pair of irregular sizes and gave him the better 3 pairs.I won't order from this vendor again.
I actually bought this just for the blades. I have a callus shaver, but to buy the blades by themselves cost more than this set. I gave the shaver to a friend with a blade installed, she is pleased with it.
Product as described & very fast shipping.
My 7 yr old granddaughter wears the masks every night, and she loves them.  She used to wear a plain black mask, but no more,  Sometimes during the day, I see her with the mask on top of her head!
This is a great little straightener if you understand that it is not intended to be your everyday straightener. I bought it for camping. I charged it in Texas, and I used it 7 days later in a Colorado national park. It still had a full charge, but after using it for 15 minutes it was at 50% charge. It says it heats up to 205C, but it definitely does not get that hot. I have fine, straight hair already and this does the job for me, but it will take at least twice the time as my regular Babyliss. I think someone with coarse, curly, or super long hair would be frustrated. The plates are only two inches long. I also plan to put it in my car for those times I want to freshen my hair after work or after working out. It comes with a USB charging cord so I can charge it in my car. Overall it is a very good purchase if you use it for traveling or small touch ups.
I was very pleased with my order.  I ordered this for a friend.  My friend really liked the poster.  My order arrived in a timely manner.
Didn’t work, don’t waste your money.I should’ve read the other reviews 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Works great holds well
i only use a few times
Great brush!  I love dry brushing it is great for circulation and for cellulite.  This brush has a long detachable handle.  The handle is great for reaching your back or getting all the way down your legs with out bending over of picking up your legs.  It just makes the process easier.  The quality of the brush as a whole is great and I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a dry brush.Sample provided for testing and review
Very practical. Helps relieve backache! Really works :)
Lovely one.  Convenient, comfortable and easy to use. Love it.
Love that this filament has a cover, and little bumps on the foot to show you were to use the filament. Great Value.
These compression socks are comfortable.  I have worn 3 so far in 3 days.  Because of their comfortable softness and easily stretched, I am hoping they will last a satisfactory length of time.
Why would  they ask if toilet drop is were warm or thick for that matter. How about turn the water blue, slightly. How about do they clean well, no. How about do they last as long as they claim, No. does it have a pleasant fragrance, no. Just not worth it
This works very well.
I should have read the measurements of the product. The width of this is very wide and would work well for a big mouth. But if anyone tries to clean their tongue, once you stick it out, it creates a concave and I could not reach all the yucky in the middle, back. I ended up pinching the metal at 1 inch below with pliers so it's very narrow now at the tip to get to the small back and in the middle. This now works to get in the middle section and sides without a problem. However the metal is not forgiving so you have to go in easy. I have made my tongue bleed a few times with too much pressure. If this was in a rubber material, it could be better so I don't damage my tongue. Still looking around.
Anything with Gerry in it gets 5 stars automatically. :D It arrived quickly and in good condition, which is always a concern with printed materials.
I used to love this alpiste milk but for some reason they added guar gum and now it’s too thick, i liked the previous one, it was a much lighter version, so much better, I hope they can bring it back!For those who do enjoy thicker milks, this is great for liver cleanse, loosing, and keeping extra weight off.
I mostly got this because I wanted to remove the fuzz from my cheap (but sturdy) fleece leggings, and none of the attachments did the trick.  It worked well on my wool sweaters, though, so I'll keep it, but it's not a miracle cure for every fuzz or pill.
These are good cotton gloves. I use them to moisturize my dry hands while I sleep. My only real complaint is that they’re a little long in the fingers.
I found the liquid foundation I use didn't really blend in using the silicone sponge. It just kinda sat there on my face. Not like the brush. Luckily it wasn't too expensive. Lord knows I've spent more on products I've used once and threw into a drawer.
Great Around The House!!!
Good product.  Just need to be careful to line the battery with the charger &#34;prongs&#34;  or will not charge correctly.  Exactly what we needed for our phone!
These were terrible. Neither my husband or myself could wear them they were so uncomfortable.  Could not be adjusted in any way to be comfortable.
This PERFECT! My eyeglasses my earrings, pills and loose chains.
will not work. Do not buy.
Glucosamine from Viva Labs is an excellent product with triple strength, I am so happy I got this product at an excellent price of 2.99 and free shipping, it is unbeatable. Try it and you will experience the difference.
Exactly like the kind I buy in the store for a fraction of the cost. They're also easy to cut down to size to fit different sized soles or heels.
Nice pipe, works fine. The bowl is a bit tricky as it tapers to a sharp point in the base. This makes the  screenhard to keep in place, but it isn't a big issue. It is fairly deep as well.I think the only fault is the weight and how it is unbalanced. It is naturally very heavy at the bowl end. Hardly a deal breaker, especially as it is so pretty.
Great for picnics. Arrived quickly
Works well.
Very good quality and very buitiful.
Water is so important for much health reasons. The flavor is very concentrated, so only 12 of dropper is needed in 8-10 ox of water.This brand of flavors is delicious and pure. My favorite is the coconut flavor and the pineapplecoconut.
What we liked most was that it does an excellent job of cleaning your eyeglasses, better than anything we have used, BUT it is a two part system. First you use the wet one, then the dry one.  The wipes are very small and unless you have very small glasses, you cannot do both sides at the same time. So you have to decide if super clean glasses is your goal or a convenient one part glasses wipes are more important to you.
Does not work as advertised.  We had two and sent them both back.  We would not recommend
Good product but the mattress is a bit hard for my liking so I am returning it.
Husband swears by this stuff!
As expected
A little rough on edges
Love this product, full of protein and fiber and taste great..my daughter even loves it!  I add bananas, blueberries all kinds of fruitsand it fills me up as well.
heavy duty, caps fit tight, could be larger.
It makes for a happy hermit crab!
A bit greasy but works well.
It was disgusting. I've tried a bunch of different pre-workouts and this is by far the worst o have ever had.
These inserts will stick to sandals!  Sandals need support for anyone.
Leaked all over and stained bed sheets
I love this soundmaker. I've ordered a couple of them. Some as gifts. It allows me to watch TV after my husband goes to bed...because he is such a light sleeper. He complained at first that it was too loud. If he would use his eyes and not his mouth and read the directions he would have seen it has a volume control on it. I didn't say anything..he hee, so I can hear the TV in the den when he goes to bed YEA!!!
I've been using these earplugs for about 4 nights now. The first night I used them, they fell out of my ears. So I woke up, in the middle of the night, to reinstall them. Maybe this happened because I didn't install them correctly, I don't know. The following night I tried them again, and I'd manged to keep them in all night. These are the first earplugs I've tried, and  they seem to work very well. So far, I've slept great!!! I wish I could stay in my bed longer, lol! They block snoring pretty well and the television  ( at a low to medium volume), and faint noises (people talking far away, passing cars, etc).I am a light sleeper any noise wakes me. Again I've used them only for a few nights. I'll update my review should my experience change. Now the design of the earplugs, they just look like regular earplugs. They are much thicker and shorter in length compared to other brands (I've shopped around before I made a final choice).  You do have to get use to having something in your ear, and a small amount of pressure; but as the night goes on, the pressure lets up or I get use to it. I lay on my stomach, and I don't feel them in my ear when I'm laying on either ear. The length of the earplugs are decent,  there's about a cm that hangs out of my ear. Someone with an longer ear canal may not have any part of the earplugs exposed. I will continue using the brand.
This product actually worked!  I could tell the difference when I took these before bed.  I have IBS and this dealt with the pain and gas.
I have to say, I was skeptical when I ordered this product, but did so because it received great reviews.  And I am here to give another one.  My teeth do not whiten easily due to meds taken as a toddler. Nothing has worked.  I have been using DReow for about 5 days and my granddaughter said, &#34;You're teeth look so much whiter&#34; one day when I picked her up!  Thanks again.  I love it!
I am not sure that it keeps the bugs away as much I want it to. My almost 5 year old  son is very prone to get bitten by mosquitoes and being a boy he also likes to play closer to fence in the yard; as a result he gets real close to where most of mosquitoes are. I don't think this lotion is effective on such kids. Also, it does not exactly work like a guard as in shield (none of the ones I have used so far work that way). If I miss a spot, my son gets bites there.I would recommend it for summer outdoor use (not for activities like trails in a state park or evening soccer practice)Other thing I would comment is, it does not have strong smell like some of the others do.
I really like this brand of contact lens cleaner. Works the best for me.
Came as expected
Does a fair job whoever  iif you are supposed to prick your finger, you need lancelets
I have short, curly, thick hair this brush works perfectly to help keep it under control. Love it
I did so much research on this and I am so so happy with my purchase and I check and recheck everything and this being organic was the key!
This stuff WORKS!!!! Anytime someone is sick in my house I go straight to the nauzene.
I've tried all flavors and lemonade is best. Peach is probably the worst. Does a great job of keeping you hydrated.
These are so tiny you can do absolutely nothing with them. SO GARISH they look tacky.
It works, just not like the videos in my opinion.
None of them were bent and it’s still hanging. I’ll be able to reuse.
Gets the job done and the spray smells wonderful! Nice microfiber towel too!  You'll definitely want this product to keep your yoga mat clean!
Nice small round tablets that are smooth, and go down really easily.  I have bought these repeatedly because they suit my need perfectly.  And the price is great, to boot!!
More than likely if you are using this you are under the care of a doctor.  It is a fabulous dressing although admittedly expensive.  I wish mine lasted several days but a day is all I see to be able to get out of them before they need to be changed.It is GOOD that there is no adhesive border.  Wounds are typically irregular in shape and the entire area most be covered.  If you can not find one large enough you can use two together.  If there was an adhesive border it would then stick to the wound which would be harmful.  It is much easier to use your own adhesive which you know will not irritate your skin.  As my skin is easily irritated it is necessary I use an adhesive for fragile skin and many of the adhesive borders already in place end up damageing my skin
I  have ordered this product a few times.  A must have! Great product. Great price.
Item arrived very promptly, and as described by seller.
I bought these to help decorate for the Easter Season. The colors are extremely pleasant and come with ribbons to hang. The do require some time to open up. It was somewhat difficult to keep the middle of the pom at exactly the halfway mark while opening the pom. One of my poms turned out a little lop-sided because I was not exactly centered while opening it. But, once opened and fluffed they are quite pretty.
they work
Looking forward to using these with our cloth diapers.  Durable and waterproof!**Revised review: we have been using these for awhile and they are wonderful. The drawstrings aren’t super helpful but we don’t need to use them that way. Amazing quality and great use! We are nearly a year in!
Warning, this particular flavor does not taste anywhere NEAR as good as the wild cherry and in fact can cause major nausea and the need to strangle a cat. Of course, that's not scientific proof, it's just my opinion. Please by the wild cherry flavor ( Link below) as this flavor is inhumane.
Accurate and idiot-proof.  We’d been trying to be able to weigh my quadriplegic husband—short of taking him and his wheelchair to our veterinarian and weighing him on THEIR scale—and this is the perfect and simple solution.
One thing about, senna gon make you GO! It gets the job done. I mixed it with honey and lemon.
We've already happily gone through two sets of these. Great simple teether. We tend to keep one in every baby bag to have on hand.
Not what I expected beard to pump up. I am returning it
I have reviewed dish fish in the past. They are absolutely the best sponge scrubby combo on the market. They last a very long time, do not hold odors, and overall have a great scrub part for any tough cleaning! I love my dish fish and buy them for everyone LOL! For real!
Made my work shoes feel brand new again.
One tabet is supposed to last 30 days not true 1 tab lasts 2 weeks I live alone and have marked the calendar to make sure I was correct, disappointing.
These chill very fast and are comfortable
These are so easy to open and close and stay closed too!  They are so cute and convenient for carrying pills in my purse.  I couldn't ask for a better product.  Price is great too!
I don’t recommend this product at all.
These are awesome. It really keeps my bubbler clean. Thanks!
the grapefruit scent is nothing like the description - just smells like cleaner.
They are super absorbent and can be washed and rinsed. I like how soft they are for cleaning delicate surfaces that might otherwise scratch.
They come with additional tips, and a cute little storage bag.  Not the best in noise canceling but they are fair.
Magic Erasers really are magical. I don't know how they do it but these sponges can clean up anything. To make them last longer I've cut the sponges in quarters which helps a lot.
Have bought the brush picks before and used them for many years.  The holder is great to use when traveling.
Hubby swears by this.  I’ve been buying this for years for him. He loves it. The only thing I don’t like is the strong eucalyptus smell.  I have never used it though. Hubby likes the scent... as do our dogs : D
Small. Did not use for crafting..
Helps with a callus that I have. Cushion works well. Doesn't slip around either,  easy to clean and very durable.
Good Quality
Works fine. Easy to apply, easy to wash off.
Mistakenly I gave this item a 3 starIt doesn't deserve 1 star..!!!No matter what guard I put on the blade it doesn't give an even cut ...You can actually see the uneveness of the blade ..It Only served it's purpose during an emergency with the Pandemic Virus we are all under Because my girl was getting matted however a groomer told me when he saw it :" It's the worse Razor to use on pets !!! Redirecting me to different ones !!!
Mint flavor is nice and not overpowering. I love the toothbrush that comes with it. Great buy!
While the patterns are a cute option and I like that it's washable, I suck this in when I breathe and find it very annoying a pretty much useless if you exert yourself at all.
Evaluated these versus a blend from Dr. Jockers and the blend Digest Gold.  This one wins.  Been using it for about a year now, very happy.  Note that if one has issues with fat digestion or dairy digestion, you may well have to augment with another enzyme blend (such as Lypo Gold for fat digestion).For a broad-spectrum enzyme blend, this is perfect.
Delicious and good for you!
This is one long-lasting unit!  It has taken on some small room issues - VOCs, other odors - and puts out a very, very insignificant green light.  I've used it in powder rooms and, most recently, a college student's bedroom that has accumulated dirty laundry.  Very pleased with this purchase and am about to buy another one.I've tried several negative-ion generators, some with  without fans, some ozone generators, etc., for several years and have found that those with filtersfans tend to die after a few years of constant use, even with filter maintenance.  The fans of these units (not the GermGuardian) tend to finally die.  The smaller ozone generators are wonderful, but I've found that some of the brands are all but impossible to clean and, thusly, lose their effectiveness after a year or so.  (The one of these small units I'm still crazy about isn't being sold by Amazon at this time.  :( )
Very handy for getting to those areas old age makes it hard to reach.
A lot of ribbon.
It works great on my mat. Love the smell and the easiness of use. Put it in a spray bottle and bam! Clean and smelling great. The clean relaxing smell of Lavender! Still smelt great a week later! I will continue to use this!
No breaking here, this scale is the way to go. A family on the go uses it all the time. Accurate readings, fun to use.
Indispensable when u have real pain. Caution using this, I would suggest wearing gloves if ur putting it on someone else definitely. On urself only if u have a large area because u'll only be using a few drops at a time & wash hands immediately after application to avoid the burning side effects. Definitely Recommend it!!
Bought this for my husband who has a lot of neck problems from wearing heavy flight helmets. This works great. It lifts his neck gently and relieves the pressure causing the pain.I 've had 3 neck surgeries and am loaded in metal so it's definitely not for me but perfect on husband who won't have surgery.
The other brands, especially the "menthol ones", are like hydrochloric acid up your nose with a pinch of eucalyptus. They burn. They don't work as well, for me. 4-Way is the best, fastest acting and has the least amount of rebound. Superior to the oxymetazaline HCL that the more popular brand uses. Read your labels!
Fits great
as expected
We live in Savannah Georgia. This is the only thing that keeps the bugs sand gnats away. It is little oily but it works.
I like that I can pick up the soap and pump it into the dishpan.
What else can you say, it's cleaning solution.  It does exactly what it is supposed to and does a good job at it.
Will not cut a small pill without really having to hold it watch it and move it around
When it's working right ...WOW but tends to cut in and out with movement.
Bought as a gift for my brother who rolls his own bagged tobacco. He was only able to use it for 3 months before it broke.
Years of athletics have done a number on my joints.  I started taking tart cherry to help alleviate the soreness I experience every day, and much to my surprise, it actually WORKS.  I still have joint pain, but the day-to-day aches are almost completely a thing of the past when I take my tart cherry consistently.  If I miss a day or two, however, I definitely start feeling more achy again, so this is a supplement you need to take properly to see full benefits.  It is NOT a cure, but definitely offers heavy benefits for someone dealing with overuse joint pain.  Since I've been taking tart cherry, I've been able to increase my weekly mileage as a recreational runner without suffering additional aches; I highly recommend giving tart cherry a try if you're an achy athlete!
Beware these don't just fit any eyelash curler.
Love the fit and style
I bought these to surprise my coworkers with treats on Halloween. They were super easy to put together and the candy and brownies fit nicely in them.
The none fishy taste of this .
It is what it is.
Hated these
Perfect for I cold cups
They work well.  The only tiny problem is the adhesive doesn't go all the way at the wider end, and since I'm using them for someone else, that end sometimes curls up and might be a little uncomfortable.  I've never seen anything similar, and for an Alzheimer patient they really help.  Less clothes changing.
It worked great
These work very well. A lot of power in a a small package. I use floor models in other rooms, these in the bathrooms. They are an excellent product.
The PA is a game changer with the MFLB. I've had no problems thus far, and keep the PA plugged in at all times. The temperature options blow the glyph batteries out of the water, and really makes a difference in your experience with the box.
Its alright. Didnt notice anything but tingling. I got this stuff "The Bust-Boosting Solution", and so far Ive seen awesome results. Thought I'd share! :)[...]
the hotcold therapy pack is great, I mainly use it as an ice pack.  Just strap it on and sit back and relax!
I thought these were an amazing idea, but awful in practice. They’re a mess to use (stuff splatters when you start to get to a high enough speed to actually clean something). I have better luck with a handheld cleaning brush.
Keep these in my tool box, around the shop & even in my truck.  Handy for an assortment of uses.  Hold a good edge & can cut through webbing, fabrics, jeans, thin metals and even wire in a pinch.
so pretty easy to use and interesting to see
THis is just a flat iron with teeth.  If you roll it on your hair it pulls and burns the hair that gets stuck.  I do not recommend.  It's a waste of money.  I am asking for my money back.
Purchased this product a second time,does work and open skin pores
Purchased this product, it works great with clients that are under a infrared body session,it helps eliminate swear from running in eyes. It help some clients with dark circles around the eyes or imflammation problems.
Perfect for lighting candles - produces a large frame. The flame does recede down the matchstick quite quickly
Love this sound machine, the noise options are really good and there is no noticeable looping.  The only issue is the light- I wish there was a real button instead of the “touch feature”. The touch feature really does not work and I have to play with it every night when I try to turn the light off.  Also the musical sound it makes when you turn the machine on and off can be annoying.
3 years later, there is a leak.
I do not see the point of these brush straighteners. They do not do the job like a proper flat one.
This product is not cheap but when shipped in a proper spray bottle it does the trick. Smells fresh and smooth. I should have returned it but wasn’t worth the time when I considered all of the other things I had to accomplish, such as coming up with a minimum 100 words to leave this comment. Based on my experience, buy the travel size bottle if you’re female and under the age of 15 and over 50. Otherwise it’s a frustrating loosing battle.
Grand daughter loves this watch.  Bought one for her 6th birthday.  The first one only lasted a month and broke.  I cannot complain because I could see the scratch on the side and knew she had to have banged it badly.  So inexpensive I just bought a second one.  It goes on and off easily with the stretch band and she loves the colors.  The face is easy to read.  I did not want digital.  Want her to learn to read a clock.  Very happy with this watch for her.
Nice to have lotion that can be put on right in the shower when done.
Great fit for my aging stove. Better quality than the original.DISCLOSURE:I received this product at the REGULAR price (no special discount). No payment was received to give a rating or to write a review. My ratings are purely based on my perception of how good the quality and features of a product are. I do not consider the usefulness of a product, as a customer would only buy an item which is usefulneeded for them. I am an avid online shopper and realize the importance of reviews from other users. Thus, I take extreme care in offering the most fair review and rating possible.If you found this review helpful, please give a Helpful Vote! If you have any questions about the product's quality, looks, features or anything else, simply make a comment and I will promptly respond. If you need pictures or videos of the product, I will be happy to provide them as well.
I love most all the julian bars but this bar was so awful. Way too sweet, made me feel absolutely nauseous after one bite. Terrible....
This is not noisy at all, another person stated it was "very noisy". It makes a little hum, soothing really my baby falls fast asleep while it's on. I have this in our bed room, and I enjoy it. The air smells cleaner and our house is brand new and very clean but it just seems fresher. I am buying another for my other child's room I love it so much. We own a rental and I even put them in the home to rid the other people's smell of dog and so on. The bulb last 4000 hours and should be replaced if not out by then to insure it's doing its job. If I was rich I would buy for every room at once, but I'm not so I buy one at a time.Side note***this is awesome next to a diaper pale or trash can!
Very easy to use perfect for curls with short hair
I live in s La where we just had catastrophic flooding and developed eczema due to the use of concentrated chemicals to kill mold. I used several natural things-Oregon grape(worked ok) , coconut oil, Msm cream w tea tree( Sunfood product-worked incredible for the itch!) But..skin would not heal and became worse to major blistersbleeding -tears to my eyes at time. I started using this 2 days ago-applying 5 times a day and it has cleared up almost completely. Wished I would've known this 5 weeks ago. But truly was the only thing that healed my hands (dry skin, peeling, blisters, itch, inflammation) hands are 80% well after a few days. I do recommend Msm cream (tea tree) for itch ! Worked fabulously! But Swedish bitters is the only thing that wiped the dry skin, inflammation, bleeding, cracking & itching too!
Really makes a difference with how my joints feel- and helps me to maintain a positive mood.Quality is great
I have been purchasing and using EO Lavender Hand Cleansing Wipes for years.  EO products are the very best quality in overall product generation.  The lavender fragrance with essential oils is beyond amazing!  Can't say enough about how much I truly love and enjoy!
Expensive and did not work to remove the adhesive waterproof tape on my RV.Soent hours and the entire bottle & a razor blade but the adhesive was not budging from anything this product did. Subsequently bought goo gone and it was better in assisting in removal.very disappointed in this product.
Easy to apply and remove. They can get slick if your face gets sweaty or oily. They are nice and thin so they don’t affect the way your glasses fit tremendously other than to give them a little more stability.
Do help with heel support and comfort, but they work best if you're doing other things to help relieve your heel pain, such as some nice calf stretches
Study, perfect for any first aid kit
I have a smaller mouth and these are actually a good fit.  At first I could only chew on them for a short time, but slowly I have been able to build up my time with them.  I like them lots better than the $25 one out there.
No relief from pain this local medication
It's really soft and easy to use. Also works right away and effectively.
Due to extreme Lymphedema I need to almost constantly have my legs ankles and feet wrapped. But the ace bandages would bother my skin, especially since its dry and the warmer weather was coming and we had days that I was sweating so much. It was suggested to me to purchase these and we would use them as a barrier between my skin and the ace bandages,. Well it worked quite well. I would have the nurse or the aide depending on who’s day it was here to wrap as suggested and sure enough it not only stopped that feeling of sweating, but also the little breaks in skin i had got a chance to heal and by using lotion first and then sealing it in with the clean wraps it helped my skin to absorb and become softer, smoother and healthier. I highly recommend these.
Great product.  I've ordered this product several times for my great uncle who brushes his teeth too hard.
Bought these for my son who loves them.
I suffered severe, chronic, constipation for 8 years going from Dr. to Dr..., was diagnosed with "Lazy Bowel Disease..." and tried everything imaginable to find relief, but found no cure. After having read about it from this link:[...]and tried it, I have not been constipated since. It took about a week of gradually increasing the dosage to take full effect, but to me, using this supplement has been like a medical miracle and I am very grateful &lt;3
Amazing leaves , Great service , Thank you .Will tell friends and buy again. A++
Beautiful print, comfortable.  However, they're muncher thinner and shorter than expected.
Could not get either size to stay in ear. Go with high quality foam instead. Threw these away immediately.
I love this product as a night moisturizer. Takes a jiffy to get the amount right but it is so absorbable it’s really not an issue. Think you will love it.
I like vegetables but sometimes need to fix things quick with less mess and these steamer bags are great.  The food tastes real and not like cooked in a microwave.  No mess.  Just toss the bag when done.  Great.
So I have these flats that are just a little too big, my heels always come out everytime I take a step. I put the black pads on first and my heel came out as soon as I took my first step but then didn't the rest of the time I walked. They still felt a little loose so I doubled up and this time I put the nude one on over the black Incase you'd see a gap and I tell you what, they fit perfectly now! I gave 4 stars because I feel If they were a little thicker they'd be perfect. It's a great deal and I'm so happy I came across these! I definitely recommend them.
I forgot i had it. But, mut say. Fewer lasting odors now. Plugged in all the time.
Happy with product.
They strained stuff.
Great for wedding favors! We used these to put together s'more wedding favors and they turned out very well!
Great for scrubbing and feels soft to the touch! I'm not worried about bacteria growing even with it sitting in the shower all the time! Much better than a regular wash cloth.
I like how easy it is to use and how quick I got relief after using it for a few days.  This is my second one in 8 years, not built to last long but good results for the price.
They work like they have for years!
Putting a black mark with a sharpie to cover up the $7.99 price... Not GoodHaving the feeling like you have been ripped off even for a little is... Not Good.
Horrible burning feeling. Feel like my skin is falling off from being burnt from it. Do not use. Makes you feel 10x worse
Battery connection is.....delicate. Be gentle
work really well.  They reduce volume but music still sounds great.  be very careful when inserting.  I accidentally put one in too deep and it was really difficult to remove, I was almost afraid I might have to get it medically removed.  Got it out with a pointy set of forceps that I managed to get one end in the ear plug hole and get enough grip to pull the plug out. Having a case is also a really nice bonus.
I have purchased this product more than once because it works for me. It brought my pressure down 10 - 15 points and now I am on just one medication rather than two. I was able to get of my beta blocker. This might not work for everyone and for 30 bucks, it's worth a try to see if it is right for you.  Note: The tablets are quite large and might be difficult for some to swallow. Dose is 3 per day (each bottle has 90 tablets)  MSRP is $39.95
Can’t believe I didn’t buy these YEARS ago...I have wasted so much money on the name brand allergy pill. This generic version works just as well and is a fraction of the cost!
My girlfriend loves this
Not as good as an alcohol based cleaner. 420 cleaner better 10x
Very high quality, easy to use.
My husband likes to stay stocked up on things like this. Our grandkids like to play doctor and he goes through stuff like this a lot. They are great and I would buy them again.
This is awesome for older people who take lots of medication
I was really hoping to like this, especially because the dimensions were perfect for what I needed. Unfortunately, this item just fell short. It feels and looks cheap in person. And it's not sturdy. I ended up returning mine.
Too soon to tell that it's whitening BUT I find that it's really great on killing the morning breath and great for use after meals especially LUNCH TIME at the office for those of you who do that sorta thing.
My son and daugther love them!!! We had a variety of flavors, but not all. Chocolate, Strawberry, Cookies n Cream, Strawberry Banana, Orange Cream, Vanilla Milkshake. They enjoyed them all
It is on of the best Organic oil in Amazon. I am using it since my diagnose and I am very happy with that :) I am adding half coconut oil so it is better for my skin. And I am breathing in with steam in the shower every day.
My son`s skin is sensitive and having rash if we would use other than Sebamed kids shampoo :) We love this product :)
The o-rings won't stay on my glasses which defeats the purpose of using them. Tossed them out.
These are super cheap plastic! The head doesn't even move just the handle! NOT WORTH IT!
Too powerful; must use in shower; otherwise, you will make a mess in the sink & mirror.  The periodontal tip is too flimsy and that’s the only reason I bought this.  It bends before getting between teeth.
As owners of a new puppy, we were looking for an effective pet stain cleaner and odor deterrent.  This product does both.  We have very light beige wool carpet, and so far, using this product, you would not know there is a pupoy in the house!  Good product.  Up date....I cannot say enough about this product.  It exceeds all expectations!  We &#34;missed&#34; a couple of &#34;accidents&#34; only to discover them after they had dried and set.  This product eliminated the stains and the carpet smells fresh.  Just follow the directions, and it should work for you too.
I have been using Silk Biotin for just about five days, and can already see results! Having taken Day 1 and Day 5 pictures, I can easily see that my hair has grown at least half an inch, probably more.  A huge improvement from 4 inches in 6 months.
I personally do not like this product. It contains caffeine, I took two pills and I could not sleep for an entire night.The concentration of Vitamin B12 is too high. It doesn't make any sense to take all that Vitamin B12 every day. Your body will discard the rest with urine and you will have a peak of Vitamin B12 in the blood. Despite B12 does not induce cytotoxicity, why wasting money in something you don't need.Additionally, they put in Optimind L-GABA to compensate the effect of Caffeine. So why putting caffeine in the first place?This is an extremely expensive item.PLEASE be careful because they are very sneaky if you cancel the free trial subscription period on line on their website. In fact, you click cancer and you see a message You are almost done. However, you have to wait a few secondsminutes to display the final please cancer now. Only then you will receive an email confirming your cancellation. This is a very sneaky way to induce people to forget to wait and continue with cancellation and charge them with an additional charge.Alpha Brain is, for example, a superior product. More cost efficient and with no caffeine. If people want caffeine they can drink a coffee.
I love this straightener because it's small - small enough I could throw it in my purse or laptop case. And because it charges using my laptop, I can use it anywhere - in the car, in a hotel, or in my office. It's the perfect travel solution. It charges quickly, holds a charge well, and heats up in seconds. Perfect gift idea for the traveler in your life.
also I like that the days can be separated.
Good suction. Not super long. With the thickness, not so much for beginners. Good buy, though.
My toothbrush wasn't listed as one that is compatible but the others cost a fortune and this one looks identical so I took a leap of faith. It worked! I'm so glad the gamble paid off and it saved me a few bucks.
I bought the cleats mainly because it came with the tool, but the tool is too small and not sturdy enough to remove cleats from a golf.  At first, I used pliers to get some torque on the cleat, but it didn't work.  I ended up buying a Softspikes Cleat Kaddy, which was very easy.If you want great cleats, buy this item, but not for the tool.
Quality was good. Thanks
It did not get rid of the eats!
These are the best nail files and buffers to use. I am a nail tech and I always use these files since I can clean them after I am done using them and put them in my clients individual tool containers. Love them. A must buy. Make sure you prep the edges of the files before using them on your clients or on your self since you can cause cuts since they are sharp.
To be fair, I just bought a bag at local hipster quickie mart in East Austin, not on Amazon. They are kinda what I expected, mildly tasteless, but a good crunch to go with a lunch salad. Unfortunately, the smell had me throw out the bag after about 3-4 chips. It smells like industrial glue. Whether that's from the bag or the chips, I don't know and I don't care. Don't waste your money.
Great texture and flavor for vape.
"easy to use", "easy to remove" and "adhesion"  Removal of pet hair
use this for nail art!
These backnobbers were given as gifts to several family members.  I have had one for years!  They are amazing!!  I use it almost daily and I can travel with it!  I HIGHLY recommend getting one so you can give yourself a back rub whenever you need or want for as long as you like instead of having to wait on someone else to do it for 30 seconds!  Buy one for anyone who has stress in their life!
Easy to use.Sturdy, easy to hold.
Cute, but going to be switching to ceramic ones and a little mold started growing on one after about 3 weeks of having.  Can't return, but not buying again.
Unfortunately these super comfortable ear plus fall out during the night while sleeping.  I would have too much of an issue with that since I use them to fall asleep but since they are pretty $$ I’m just gonna loose one pretty soon so I am returning.  Amazon offered convenient paid return through UPS.  Wanted to like these!! Love the idea of not adding 100 pairs to the dump but..... they just won’t stay in.  If you are looking for ear protection that doesn’t include sleeping then I would recommend.
The product description makes it look like it will fit any cane.  Not the case - it's a replacement tip for canes that already have this type of &#34;hook style&#34; tip on it.  I was able to &#34;take apart&#34; my wife's cane and make it work.  Her cane had an extra loop of elastic at the handle end (she uses it to hang her can or loop around her wrist), so I removed the cap on the handle, untied the knot and slipped it through the cap. I attached a long piece of sturdy wire to this end of the elastic and let it slide down the cane - this allowed the elastic to freely fall to the end of the cane where I looped the elastic that came with the roller tip onto the cane elastic - then hooked it onto the roller-tip.  pushed the roller tip into place - pulled the wire and elastic back through the handle end.  The challenging part was getting it back into the handle cap hole. I hade to use a screwdriver (or a ruler will work) to hold the second loop of elastic on top of the handle .  I pulled the elastic up through the handle and where the loop for the handle and the loop for the first section connected - I put the screwdriver through it and let it sit on tip of the handle (it will make a t-shape). I ended up using electrical tape to tape the top loop together so it was smaller and stiff to fit through the hole.  Once that was through - I pulled up on it until everything was tight - released the screwdriver - do not let go of that loop you put through the cap  - I then put a knot in place like it was before I disassembled. Replaced the cap and folded and unfolded the cane to ensure everything worked - had my wife try it to make sure the roller tip didn't flop off.  All checked out and the wife is happy! Success!
As soon as we opened this product we realized just how cheaply it was made. We did however attempted to use it for a week. At the end of that we week we through all three of the items in the trash.
I wear this ever night. I was taking 5 or more sleeping pills with no luck. By leaving this on, I feel well rested. There are nights I am awake while it is on but you will go in and out of conscienceness without recognizing. The night goes by in minutes but this is due to restlessness.
Not good nail cutters.
I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it. It works great!
Saves my back.
Excellent product, did exactly as advertised. Was a little difficult to set up, but once I understood the instructions it took no time to install. I use it everyday and I find it very useful. “
Too small and they fall over.
This scale connects via your WiFi home network and updates your weight daily.  Really helpful when merged with FitBit tracker and everything you can enter into an account relative to food eaten and water intake.  Helps in weight loss or maintenance once you are at a target weight.
I find this cushion really works well when I can keep it in place. It is a little heavier than similar ones since it is made out of that gel kind of stuff the seat cushion is made of,  and comes with a nice cover. So with my particular chair it kept slipping a little lower than I wanted it. Has a Very Nice Adjustable strap with a nice plastic clip. I imagine on many chairs it might work better. I could not sit up straight comfortably in this chair until I had this back cushion and since I can place it where I want, it works great! I simply put a strap vertically from the top down and around the strap so it stays at the right height for me now! Very Nice Product. I enjoy that it is no hard and there is a little Give to it.
This oil was recommended by a teacher who carries their products on his site. He spent 8 years recovering his health and investigated the heck out of hundreds and hundreds of products and only recommends the ones he feels are absolutely the best. I do suggest to Remember to Shake Well as the instructions tell you to do. It does make a difference. I was afraid it would taste horrible, however, I love the taste, take it right from the spoon and will use in salads. I can feel the &#34;energy&#34; of things since I was young and friends often ask me to &#34;test things&#34; for them. When I first tested this oil it was off the charts! I am not exaggerating. I have never tasted this quality of oil before. I purchased it on Amazon ready to return it if I was not satisfied. I agree with other reviewers, for me, this is absolutely like no other oil I have ever, ever tested! I ordered two other kinds and I am on a budget. They are worth the price. I am interested in my health first off and expect wonderful changes. I have not taken it long and already my foggy thinking is clearing. I will give an update later if things improve more.
It is hard to do a review without doing a chemical analysis test. I trust what it says on the label and the price was decent.
Very comfortable and has made my longer driving trips( longer than 45 minutes) much more tolerable!! Arrived quickly! This device really works!
This product out performs RX medications
Couldnt take this not sure why but did not agree wme
What a great idea!  You can determine the right length for your bodypendant. Nice quality, too.
Arthritis of the shoulder
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this hat, I was not sure if I would as I am generally not a hat person. I have very fare skin however and wanted to see if a hat would work to protect me from the sun this year while working in the garden and this hat is going to be perfect and for an added bonus my hubby actually likes it on me. I think it will also look super cute with a little sun dress to go out ( I am only in my early 30s) so its still fashionable not something for just your grandma but something you can add to your closet for summer days anywhereI received the Vefra Summer Large Brim Straw hat for women for free in order to conduct this review and provide my honest option of this item
Misleading! Natural Armor essential oils do not have organic certification. Simply saying they are organic does not make it so. The company response to my query was, "if you don’t feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." Buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
Misleading! Natural Armor essential oils do not have organic certification. Simply saying they are organic does not make it so. The company response to my query was, "if you don’t feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." Buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
Very soft. Works great
No more problems with hats being a little too tight. Fixed 3 ball caps so far. Love it!
This foot rocker was received today.  It came with no written material...as in instructions for proper use.  I assume they feel it's very straightforward.  Insert foot and rock back and forth.I guess my foot is too small. I tried it several times and found it useless.  It's just too big for my foot.  I'm in my 70s and disabled so thought this might be good exercise. Guess not. It's being returned.  I will say that returns are effortless.
I was surprised by how thin these were.  Not really sure what they were intended for but I guess it's up to the user to decide how many to use at a time.  I suppose you could use them for touch ups on makeup up but so far haven't had occasion to use them for much.  They are silky and smooth as opposed to fluffy, if that's any help to making a decision to buy them.  If someone figures' it out, I'd like to know.
Smaller and less sturdy than I had anticipated.
Great product, takes a bit of using to get it tuned in and train yourself to take full advantage of it.
I bought these for our church...I like them a lot but they should come with more than one key.
These were recommended by my podiatrist, and I purchased three pair from Amazon. They have really helped my foot problems.
Works great and holds tight
These are exactly as described and what I expected (herb combo, size, heat delivery). so if the description suits what you think your after then don't hesitate. Arrived quickly and well packaged. I appreciate the inclusion of paper shields for ifwhen desired or needed. I thought it was a decent price too.  If you are not experienced with this sort of thing you should do some web searching for videos on moxibustion treatment (or have your acupuncturist show you) ...there's a lot of good info available. These light very easily - just as expected.
Very pleased. Seems to me to be the real deal. Used it for years a long time ago. There was a little mix up on my order and they took care of it, so I would buy from this source again.
Timely shipped. Like the boot compared to other expensive ones that turn on the foot in the night. I'm healing from an injury.
I take a liquid vitamin, but this product made me very ill! I took it with a meal, and about 5 min after ingestion, I became sweaty and vomited. I took it 3 other different times, per instructions and each time I became violently ill, throwing up. Does Youngevity have a money back guarantee?
After only one night of two doses, this product has helped me with my asthma, coughing and excess mucus.  I was also able to fall back to sleep immediately. I will be ordering another one very soon! I am shocked  and thrilled that I found something that actually works,  has no flavor and no horrible side effects!Ingredients: Active Ingredients HPUS:Eriodictyon californicum 8X (Yerba santa)Ipecacuanha 8X (Ipecac)Lobelia inflata 8X (Indian tobacco)Chamomilla 8X (German chamomile)Belladonna 8X (Deadly nightshade)Coffea cruda 8X (Coffee)Solidago virgaurea 8X (Goldenrod)Sambucus nigra 8X (European elder)Crataegus 8X (Hawthorn)
Very good for muscle relief of neck, back, arms, and legs.
I have utilized this in physical therapy and was extremely excited to find it on Amazon. I will continue to use it on a daily basis to help strengthen my wrist and forearm. It has been a great addition to my  work out routine, but anyone considering purchasing this should check with their physical therapist or doctor first.
Works well and price is good
I suffer from a chronic pain condition and sadly have found it necessary to buy a seat for my shower because I can no longer stand up long enough to shower without intense pain. I am on the younger side and the idea of having a medical supplies looking seat in my shower embarrassed me so much (well having a seat at all embarrasses me but we do what we have to right?) So i was thrilled to find these cute little bath stools. I was worried it wouldn't hold up as well but so far it's really perfect! It's comfortable, doesn't take up much room in my shower and it's cute! People think I bought it to get a spa like experience in my shower which works for me! Ha ha. :) The legs look thin in there photo but it has zero issues holding me up and it's perfectly sturdy. Claims to hold up to 300lbs and I feel safe using it. Thanks to the company who makes these, giving us more stylish choices for products we really wish we didn't need.
Loved this! I wondered how I would like it, my hair was dry in less than 15 minutes, I wasn’t sure how long to wear it so I probably wore it much longer than necessary. It doesn’t have instructions but everything is self explanatory. There’s a snaps so it stays on, and a travel pouch it comes in
this thing is a godsend. i was spending $100 on acupressure spa visits to lessen the pain in my neck. Using this the first time, brought tears to me eyes because it was so damn good. i was able to target the abd spot right where i needed it the most, plus the heat helps, wish it was more heat. i also wish the handles were loops because its a tad awkward to readjust from neck to upper or lower back as you have to remove from from inside the cuffs, minor thing really. but being able to hang arms inside the cuffs means you get to control how mnuch pressure is applied which is the key to delviering the massage. i was impressed at how well made this thing is, very good stitiching and love the red glow you get from the item. For the price I paid, its amazing value and really does work, it has helped to reduce my neck pains. I use it before going to bed and wake up with much lesser pains in my neck, I only wish I had bought this item sooner. I wish the nodes could be spaced further apart, its fixed position. this thing is really meant to be used mostly on the neck but since you can move it around you can target those sore spots any where. also works wonders on the lower calf!. not so great on lower back for me, nodes too close but again simply move it around to target the spot. I also wish the power cord were longer, you almost need a extension cord if you want to use it where ever, so keep that in mind, you'll need a power outlet where ever you plan to sit for the next hour!
We have been using Happy Bowls for the last couple of years and we wouldn't go camping without them.  These are the best invention since sliced cheese!
These actually do work. You DO have to wear them for a bit to let your eyesadjust it seems, but I noticed a huge difference (I could look down at my phone for two seconds to read an address without feeling like I was going to vomit). I don’t know how effective they’d be if you have mild motion sickness, but for people with really severe debilitating motion sickness I was so happy. Only gave 4 stars because they’re kind of cheaper feeling than they appeared in the picture, and plastic is super bendy so mine came bent kind of crooked but they still work. Look like a total idiot in the car but who cares!
simply the best, the size is huge, does not slide around and has a cutter.
This little broom and dust pan is perfect for cleaning up my bearded dragons cage. It gets 4 stars instead of 5 because sometimes the debris falls through the hole in the dust pan. Also, I only received one but the description said it was a set of two.
I've had my Waterpik for several years.  The hose finally tore.  I was worried I had to replace the whole thing and was so glad to have found this.  This replacement hose and handle was easy to install and worked fine.  Seems to work exactly like the original.
This pack was totally sweet! I hate shopping for supplements in those lame mall-supplement stores (cough, cough GNC). They're really not oriented at all towards the endurance athlete. I got a good mix of stuff I've used before and new items to try out. YOLO!
I'm very glad I came across this little device. I used to be a competitive rower, and during one summer of training I threw my back out. A physical therapist did some massage and manipulation on me, and I heard my sacro-illiac joint pop back into place. My back pain was gone for the rest of the summer. Since then I've been shocked to find that most physical therapists and chiropractors don't know about the SI joint issue, how common it is, and how greatly relieving pressure there can relieve pain in the entire lower back area. This device should be a standard part of every physical therapist's office.It also helped relieve my back pain on a recent long road trip. I highly recommend it after travel.Note that women over 5'10" especially who haven't had children, should get the 'male' version.
Uncomfortable but better hold than pro version
right on!
They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too small for me to even get them on.
They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too tight and uncomfortable for a man to wear.
I bought these for my daughters first birthday and aesthetically, they fit perfect. None of them were broken, cracked or damaged when I opened the box. Though they looked great and everyone thought they were cute, they didn’t taste good at all. I only subtracted one star for taste because that was not important to me, I solely bought this for decoration. If taste is a huge concern for you than I would say maybe these wouldn’t be your first choice. If you want something that looks cute on desert tables, center pieces, etc. and need animal themed candy these are perfect. I think for the price and the fact you get 12 suckers with 3 different animals, it is a steal and totally worth it .
I do like this product but it only has one hot temperature and although it has buttons to adjust the temperature of the brush, they don't do anything.
Flimsy fabrication. Very cheap feel. Returned.
This little water bottle is the right size for me. I bought it for use at the office. Its small size makes storing it easy since I have limited space at my cubicle. Its small size makes it more discreet than a full-size water bottle. The bottle is also small enough that I can slip my shirt over it for even more discreetness. And it's small enough to easily be filled up using the hot water dispenser at my offices' coffee maker. I only need a little bit of warmth in small areas, for example, the small of my back. It seems to hold heat longer than a fabric tube with dried rice inside it and once you have it positioned nicely it isn't a struggle to keep it in place.I also use the hot water dispenser at my work's coffee maker to fill it up. So it only takes 30 seconds to fill up my mini water bottle, instead of three minutes heating up a tube full of rice in the microwave.
A quiet hum so I know it's working. Not sure that it is really making a difference, but I like to think I breathe easier when this is plugged in.
Perfect for me as it can be easily adjusted and provides a great light source for close work. Easy on the eyes for extended computer work also. Stable base make it well balanced. However, you can still move it if necessary without much effort. Base fits under my sofa so I can get it nice and close to my work area.
The three cuts start to tear away from each other after around 100-200 swings. Additionally there isn’t enough weight to properly keep the mat in place.Next time I’m just going to spend the money on a larger, heavier duty practice mat.
Excellent organic essential oil at a very good price.
My only complaint with these molds is the size. Two millimeters is too small for an effective dose -- the 2 trays should come in a 5ml & 10ml size. Other than that, these are spot-on! I'd never made suppositories before & was afraid the caps on the bottom would be hard to remove from the directions they came with. But the caps pull off easily, no twisting needed. The pipettes make it easy to fill the molds without any overflow (use the pipettes once then toss them). And the individual molds & caps are easy to clean with a Q-tip dipped in alcohol. Definitely store your supps in the fridge once you make them & stick them in the freezer for 10 min. right before using them to prolong the melting time. This kit costs more than a 10-pk. of natural, plant-based supps that you'll find online, but it lets you make as many as you need, based on whatever formula suits your ailment. GOOD STUFF!
Works great next to our kitty litter box! Quiet and efficient. Highly recommend!
Used these last night they worked really well. I love that they are homeopathic and can be taken with other medications without worry of interaction.
Perfect size and works well
My dog takes heart meds every 6 hours and this is a great tracking method. Plus very solid even snaps shut for safety. You can grab one or more to take out for a day or two if you’d prefer.
These Reliable 1 Laboratories crumble in your mouth before you can get a glass of water to your lips.  It took 3 swallows to get the grit washed down.  I detect no taste at all, which helps, but I wonder if there is actually any omeprazole in them,
had some trouble at first because it didn't actually work with my water line in the 10 gallon tank. I adjusted and now it works fine. Really like the product!
I purchased this scale on April 10, 2016. Today is May 16, 2017 and my scale no longer works. I changed the batteries when they died and now when you stand on the scale it says scanning, step off, thinking and then err. Like many others I reset the scale, reset it up, left batteries out etc. I sought out the help page on Fitbit. 5 pages of people with the same problem. No response from Fitbit. I am very angry that my 13 month old $123 scale no longer works. I just bought a $17 digital scale to replace this. Bad show Fitbit.6117 Update: Fitbit reached out to me and sent me a replacement scale no charge after we tried a few things to reboot my original scale. Their customer service has been fantastic and was wonderful to work with. I really appreciate the good faith and of course the new scale. I will gladly purchase their products again.
Well made, sturdy and easy to use. The doors open in the same direction making it easier to get out pills.  The boxes are the largest I’ve seen.  Only problem is that the pills can get stuck in groove between am and pm boxes, but each row can be lifted out easily to get the pills out of the groove.
My husband tried these in his puma sneakers and the inserts are top thick for those sneakers. It ends up squeezing his feet. He did say that the insoles themselves were very comfortable.
For the price, this is fine. My problem was, I was having problems with my phone and had to take the back off ot get the battery out to reset. It is next to impossible to get the thing off without breaking it or knocking the diamonds off...
has a pleasant smell without being overwhelming. took care of the odor in the shoes.
I have heart issues-early, extra beats which to me, feel like the cold finger of death in my chest when they happen. They started becoming more regular and although the doctor said not to worry-pfft!, I did and still do. I began taking Coq10 3 months ago and was thinking today that I hadn't felt an early beat in some time now. I considered the stomach pain worth it, relatively. I received this bottle at a discount in exchange for my honest opinionreview and unlike the other brand I've been taking, this does NOT upset my stomach in any way, shape or form. I am thrilled! Coq10 does indeed help with 'brain fog', but, for me, the benefits to my heart are the be all & end all. If Coq10 upsets your tummy, do yourself a favor and try this brand!
great stuff , love this stuff
===== RE: the Orange "Permanent Deaf-Maker" Ear Plugs AKA "Let's go to the ER at 5am" Plugs =====I put the orange plugs in and went to sleep.At 4am I woke up with pain in my left ear. I remove the right plug and try to remove the left plug, but the clear plastic nib comes out and leaves the plug in my ear.For the next hour I try to pull the plug out but I can't. It's painful and I'm worried I need to go to an emergency room. Without the clear plastic nib it's impossible to grab onto. I try tweezers, but I can't get a grip.At 5am, I wake up my neighbor and ask them for help. He tries the tweezers but it doesn't work. We decide to gently insert a wooden toothpick into the hole where the clear plastic nib used to be, and after about 30 minutes of very careful jiggling, we get it out.I cry.My neighbor consoles me. We go to bed. I can't sleep, my adrenaline has been activated. I normally wake up at 9am, so I lost 5 hours of sleep that night.This is DANGEROUS and should never be sold to consumers.===== RE: The Gummy Silicone Earplugs =====These are the most usable, but they worry me. They aren't effective unless the gummy part extends into the ear canal, which you're not supposed to do based on the directions, but if you do this it forms a vacuum seal and does pretty good at keeping sound out.The issue is that if you so much as tap your ear, you'll feel it on your ear drums because of the seal. You have to be VERY VERY VERY careful when you pull these out or you'll rupture your eardrums.If you put them in like you're supposed to, just covering the outside of the ear canal, they let almost all of the sound in still. They can't be used safely, in my opinion, and I recommend NOT using them in an unsafe way just to get them to work. I was desperate and so I did it the unsafe way, but don't do what I did.===== RE: The other earplugs =====The grey bomb-shaped ear plugs were not effective at all for me, they sat in my ear and let all the sound in still. They have clear plastic fins on them to pull them out, and although mine didn't break like the orange earplugs did, I would still be afraid of them being a safety hazard if they did break.The blue christmas-tree shaped earplugs seem the safest, they are all one piece of rubber and so it seems like a very low risk of breaking, and you can safely insert them and they seem to work. The only issue is they're not really meant to block sound so much as reduce volume, so I can still hear snoring, construction work, etc. Plus, they have a long piece that sticks out and prevents you from putting your ears on your pillow comfortably. If you sleep on your back, or you don't use them for sleeping, they would be fine. I'd recommend this pair to you if you just need to reduce noise and not block it out completely and don't sleep on your side.===== Quick Summary =====Except for the blue christmas tree shaped earplugs, I would recommend you just throw these ear plugs in the trash so you don't hurt yourself.
Your glasses may not slip as easily, but everyone will know you are wearing these as they as super thick and if your glasses are black they just stick out like a sore thumb. When I peeled them off they left a sticky residue that worked better than the pads themselves, but the residue wore off in a couple days.
Bought this to put in a small empty bedroom where I keep a litter box, it does a good job keeping the air clean. It is a bit noisy, but I don't mind that since it's in an empty room.
Color is nice and pattern is esthetic, but the paper stock is thinner than other brands and feels a little cheap. You get what you pay for (at least in this case).
There’s no hole in the applicator tip. Useless.
Doesn’t get hot enough & I’m a wimp with heat.
Love this product it really works
This lamp is very nice quality.  All the bulbs worked upon first charge.  Had purchased another version twice from another seller and both had arrived with some bulbs not working.  This is almost identical except it charges with included USC cord and has a 60 second button and a 90 second button.  Much better quality.  So far so good!
This item was a huge disappointment.  It is so thin and flimsy that you can hardly get a grip on it and it is very slippery and uncontrollable when trying to use it.  I bought it because you got 2 and they cost less than just 1 from Sephora.  But this is just one of those times you get what you pay for. I love the one I got from Sephora.  It is basically the same size but Sephoras silicone is thicker, therefore firmer and much easier to control when using.  The nubs and little soft brush scrubbers seemed to be the same but the Sephora one is just better quality.  The kicker was that I used this brand only 1 time, with makeup remover in place of a washcloth, and the foundation that was being removed actually stained the little brush like nubs!  So this is some very cheap quality, porous silicone material.  I have very sensitive skin so I like using these little gadgets as they are much less rough on my skin than a washcloth.  I only use this item for my makeup removal and find it is gentle enough to even do my eyes, with appropriate cleanser of course.  I have had mine from Sephora for a couple years and it is still like brand new.  I wanted a couple more for my travel bag.  I will be heading back to Sephora to stock up on a few more of theirs.  These two are going straight in the garbage.  The poor quality concerned me also as to a possible health risk.  No way of knowing the standards, chemicals and materials that were used as these were made in another country.  Not worth returning them.  The packaging was completely in Asian character print.
Easy to use and it feels like the best disinfectant job with no chance of eye irritation since only saline is left after six hours. That's the only rub though, if you want to put your contacts back in earlier, there's not way to rush the six hour disinfection and peroxide destruction time. You could flush them out and be OK, but you'd be interrupting the procedure. Should extend the life of RGP lenses since you won't scratch them with this approach where as digital cleaning can.
These hair cutting shears work wonderfully.  They're very sharp and cut with precision.  The price was extremely reasonable.  I would recommend buying these if you cut hair.  They're great to have around the house if you want to trim your bangs in between hair cuts.
Had one of these as a teenager my kids use them when they were growing up. Turned my roommate in the service on to then because we slept in the noisy barracks next to the day room. The better than a fan in the winter months inconvenient for traveling which is why I bought this one. If there is reliable as the ones in the past you're good for another 20 years.
Very good. Easy to apply.
I can't say if this really works for bugs because we were using every bug repellent there is but I can say there isn't a bug spray stench to it, which is nice.
So far it doesn't seem to live up to expectations. Supports libido? Not that I know what that means, but nothing's changed in that area. Boost energy and vitality? No... I even feel sleepier and I've had the same sleep pattern before and after taking this. I don't get pimples often so I can't answer for that. I will continue to use and see how it goes. I take it with water every morning, 4 drops, on empty stomach as advised on the info attached to this bottle.
I consume this in smoothies and it is easily blendable. 1 serving is a small scoop, around a tsp size, so it really lasts. That said, in that small amount you are getting a supplement highly enriched in the daily value of Vitamin A and B. It is a cracked cell wall form, so the nutrients are bioavailable. I didn't expect it to taste very good, so I try to hide the flavor with fruits for example, but it still kind of tastes like I am drinking a vitamin.
The taste is awful!  And you can’t return them.
the best. the only thing that can come close is the tea tree oil.
I love this corn and callus shaver ... very easy to use and does the job well.  My feet haven't been this pain free in a long time.
For the past 10 years, this is the easiest way I've found to give calcium to my 30 lb dog to supplement her home made diet. I use it with an "oral syringe": . I load it up every 10 days, squirt 1 ml into her dinner every night, that's it, no fuss no muss.  No refrigeration needed. Best of all, her bloodwork is always just about perfect. Being a product for humans, I can worry less about impurities that eggshells or pet-only products might have.I had a whole lot of trouble finding this for a while. My local pharmacy stopped carrying it because they couldn't get it. I couldn't find it anywhere online. In the meantime I tried a different calcium solution. It didn't have nearly the concentration and was very sticky. It meant giving my dog even more sorbate. That's not nearly as bad for them as xylitol, but it's always wise to keep artificial sweeteners to an absolute minimum for dogs. I ended up throwing it all out the minute I could restock on the Roxane version. Seems that Roxane had to recertify it or something? Anyway, it's still hard to find and I am very glad to have found it here.
the plastic ones were sticky on feet bc I used them with sandals maybe they would be fine with shoes with socks
Just what I expected.  Good price and great convenience to receive at home.
Product as described and fast shipping. Works great
zip lock works well - will buy more
Did not Fixed my unit .Would not shut off stuck on open when turned on sprayed continuously.Returned for a Refund.
Bulk Supplements are the best I've found! I have been doing ALOT of research on supplements and I love this company for a few reasons, mostly the purity of the products, no fillers on what I have gotten, and the price is affordable so I am more happy to try new items. I started researching these items for my cats. Glucosamine helps cats bladder tissue rebuild. The Chondrotin helps prevent damage to the bladder lining.  I only use this company for my cats because their systems are so delicate and having the supplements in powder form helps with dosing and the purity is a great bonus! Now I am trying new supplements for myself and I have this company to thank! I will be a life time buyer!
No complaints and no smell
This is EXACTLY what I was looking for for my vape "waxshatter" now I just need to figure out who to buy the dual coil dabber!
I love that it has a strap (I use it to sling it over my shoulder. It's also about half the size of the original purple cushion and therefore MUCH lighter and easier to carry. I use it at concert band rehearsal where usually I have terrible back pain but I had my first rehearsal Tuesday and I just had normal back pain,  not &#34;tear my spinal cord out by the root&#34; kind of pain.
I am very pleased with this sponge. The price is excellent. The only issue I have is that it doesn't seem to lay the makeup into my skin as well as brushes or fingers. I do not contour, I just wanted something that would apply foundation faster than a brush. It's really easy to keep it clean and sanitary. I would do 4.5 stars if I could. I gave one to a friend and they are pleased.
This is very similar to every other collagen powder I have tried, but it does have a hard time mixing in.
I was so excited to try these. I love coffee and tea, so that's what I mixed them with, as per the packet recommendations. The flavors were...interesting and different than I expected. Not bad! but not exactly yummy either. I think I would have to experiment to dial in what works best with which packet to really enjoy them, and the price is too high for me to justify chugging them like a vitamin shot. If you enjoy earthy tones in your coffee or teas, then you will probably like them more than me; I will fully admit I am picky. I also didn't notice any immediate benefits after just 2 packages, so I probably won't be buying them again.
I'm not thrilled with this, and I'm honestly thinking about returning it. This is a very comfortable &#34;brace&#34; that is floppy and fabric with little bulk so you could wear it under clothing almost all day. However, you can still slouch with it on, easily, and it slips on my shoulders so I'm constantly having to readjust it. I've done research though, and I don't think there is another kind of brace LIKE THIS that won't do that, so I've kept it and am struggling with it. I know it would be less comfortable, but I really think they need solid metal pieces in these for serious posture correction...So, I say it's great for what it is, It might be great for someone else. But I don't think this is what I need.
I'm really surprised these work. I wear them when I go out with friends and have found it much easier to hear them over the music, besides the music being much more tolerable. My ears aren't ringing when I leave and take them out, so my migraines aren't triggered as easily. Very happy with this purchase, I just wish they were a tiny bit more effective with the music.
I've noticed a reduction in appetite some days, which is good when I don't have time to eat lunch until 2 or 3. It doesn't make me nauseous or give me the jitters like some other products. I haven't notice too much of a change in body composition yet, but it has only been a few weeks.
I miss this flavor. Glad I found it. Works great for breakfast on the go
As described and a standard gel compress.  Price was very good and super quick delivery.  I don't use these very often, but when they are needed it's good to have a couple of them in the freezer.
Rotation sounded like a great idea, but I was cleaning overhead on a front porch and it was hard to control the direction.  If you are using it as intended and cleaning a deck floor you should be fine.
These dry sheets of laundry soap are great for travel.  I travel with carry-on luggage ONLY, even if I'm going for two weeks.  These dry sheets are very good for doing laundry along the way, and they meet carry-on regulations because they aren't in liquid form.  I've been using these on trips for three or four years.
Not good for thick hair! Takes a long time doing small sections at a time! However curls come out very nice if you have the time!
I like the creamy one better than the 'gel' one..  But - DMSO use has kept me knee bracesupport free every day (except for extreme hiking days) for the past close to 2 months!!!
Wow! I can tell my hair and nails are growing out thicker and stronger and I've only been using this for about 2 weeks. It might take you a while to take these if you have trouble taking pills because the serving size is 6 pills. I can take 10 pills at once so it's no issue for me. I understand that this supplement is made from whole foods, so it makes sense the serving size is more that one pill. You want to make sure it works and it does!
These are terrible quality and broke within a couple of days.  Do not waster your $
I wish I had started wearing ear protection to raves sooner! These are great, discreet, and comfortable. They block out the crappy noise and I can hear.my boyfriend talk without him having to scream in my ear. The first time I was the only one wearing them, I could hear him but he couldn't hear me. I let him try them and he was impressed. We bought him his own pair.
I’ve used this twice. The stability is awful! This has completely fallen apart. No longer glued together to even use. Do not recommend
This is a great flat iron! It has some weight so it feels great pulling hair through it. It heats up quickly and the end  has rubber to protect your fingertips! Leaves hair nice and silky!! So glad I hought this!!
There's nothing premium about this paper, unfortunately. It arrived folded multiple times to fit the envelope! Unusable at this point.
Good quality flights and good thickness.  Wife wanted them and she really likes the way they look.
Do not bother. The idea is not a bad idea but this is so tiny, it is a joke. I can't be any more honest that that.
My perfume did not transfer into the bottle, instead all over me.... Ive used products similar to this before and this just did not work at all!
Yosemite are high quality, and have reinforcement rings for holding them against the brick pillars on our four porch.
Returned it.  didn't work for me
Adhered well and are staying in place after 2 wears.  Unknown how product will reduce slipping after many wears.
Worked great at first then stopped working right after return window was closed !
Both my bags busted when I tried to use them and I had to reinforce that with tape and they look awful If you feel like this was helpful to you in anyway please click the button below :)
I make miniature Barbie doll accessories.  I use these bags to put my product in. They are a great size and protect my pieces when shipping to customers. This size is perfect for holding my handmade miniature wedding cakes and baskets.
It either flat out doesn’t work or the hairs that stick out of my nose aren’t long enough for the blades to reach.... might work for others but not for me
Not completely sure it works but I leave it plugged in my kitchen going 247. Looks nice and has an ambient light.
Work great for my husband.  Very well made.
Second time ordering and they are fresh . Not dried out or stale like others selling the same product.
It is more on the sweet side than salty. In my opinion, it cannot replace regular soy sauce in recipe. But it makes a great table condiment on rice or meat dishes. And it is gluten free. Will definitely buy again! Thank you Bragg!
These are a lot higher than I had hoped.  In order to get them to stay on they have to be above the cups.....if they had a longer attachment they would fit me properly.  They are ok.
Can’t hear at all with these.
I'm not big on air fresheners but I really like this one.  It's not a heavy perfumy smell, it's more of a natural pine scent.
I bought this because it claimed to be organic and contain organic ingredients, but absolutely NOTHING on the bottle label supports those claims. The labeling shown in the ad that references organic is not any part of the product label. The narrative calls this organic bubble bath. Sadly, it doesn’t appear to be. Either the product descriptions need to be corrected or the product label does. This was a lot to pay for non organic bubble bath.
Nobody to blame but myself, you get what you pay for.  I used this thing for just a few minutes before it had to come off and hasn't been used since.  Save your money & get something that is fully functional.
Gf loves it.
Happy with how affordable this is and that it’s wireless
Helps organize and keeps me on track with my medication.  In a few moments I am set for the next week.
I love these exfoliating face sponges. The texture is perfect for the face. Once it gets wet the sponge expands a little bit which gives you more of the material to use. The 2 features for me that make this stand out from the others is 1) the back has a small pocket for you to slide your fingers in and you can use as much or as little pressure as you choose with 2 fingertips. 2) it has a sturdy string type material firmly attached at the end which is nice so you can hang it after using it and it dries quickly and evenly. Very convenient!Packs a big punch for a little item!
Cheap & thin.  Nothing like the original cover
Cools drys quickly and relieves pain as stated. I had foot surgery 3 years ago and still am tortured from pain day to day and this has seriously helped to soothe the pain away.
Works good not to strong but strong enough
You may think this cost too much, but it is worth the money. Work your way up take one tab to the 4 a day and you will feel much better. Me & hubby is taking this.
Just dont mistake this for regular solution or you will have red eyes for days.. OWWWW!!!
I think my machine was too far gone for this to work. :
This is a really good wrap and the price is right.  The length is perfect so you can comfortably sit or lie down while wearing it and the material is soft.  The emerald color is nice and I find the velcro is more comfortable against the skin than on other wraps.  Also with microfiber the velcro doesn't pull the threads like with cotton. I don't dry off with it but I use it as a bathrobe and often wear it around the house in the morning or before bed at night.  You could probably sleep in this very comfortably and I'll try it on cold nights this winter.  I own a couple of the shorter cotton wraps and this one is longer so I don't feel uneasy about being seen wearing it and I have worn them to sit outside on my deck so I don't feel like I'm wearing a towel.  I also like it because I sunbathe nude and I can lie down on it and wrap up quick if necessary.  I know most people buy these as a &#34;utility&#34; garment, but I recommend it for lounging around in.
I order this tissue paper often and find it very useful for wrapping packages and using as a pretty filler for mailing small packages.
All three of these broke with minimal ease of use within minutes.  DO NOT BUY!!! I paid $10 for pure trash!
I bought these eyeglass cases to replace an identical, old case. My original case lasted 10 years. Glad to find this value pack. Love the magnetic closure. They were well package that arrived on time.
Best facial tissue manufactured EVER in the course of human history! Yes! I have tried them all, even those ones that leave wooden splinters embedded in one's eye and nose. Ouch! That was THE MOMENT when I decided to buy Puffs Plus With Lotion exclusively. I have accidentally washed & dry them & they never fall apart and ruin the wash load, as others do. Fabulous tissue quality. Will never use any other tissue. I love this tissue so much I subscribe. It was exceedingly well packaged and arrived on time.
This is the best kava capsule out there. I have made kava the traditional way for years and have recently quit due to the ease of just taking a capsule. I have tried other capsules and have had little to no luck getting any results. This takes my anxiety away, calms me down and just makes me feel super shnazzy!!
I don't taste it - add it to my smoothie daily - but I wouldn't mind the taste if I did taste it - I like mushrooms. This is keeping my brain happy during this awful year (2020). I recommend it!
I'd have to say it's the first time I've reviewed a product works as advertised but still only gets 1 star. The manufacturer doesn't try to hide the fact that it will keep your bong cleaner, but not clean. Honesty is refreshing.However, I have a triple honeycomb disk ice bong and RezBlock seems to create a film of its own above the uppermost disk where it only receives liquid during a hit. When not being hit for a while, that section sits and dries, leaving a pink tinge to the resin buildup in that area. Being that it's an ice bong, I can't access that area from above to clean it separately. To be honest, it's pricey considering I still have to break out the RezCaps, pickling salt, and isopropyl every three days anyway.No one shows off a new, state of the art bong that's NEARLY clean.
I bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend.  She loves it.  It's tracking her, her young son and myself now and we have it tied into each of our Fitbit accounts.  I also tricked my mother and sister into buying one for each other for xmas.  Hopefully this will inspire them to take charge of their fitness moving forward.
They work wonderfully while I workout at the gym
They are life savers for my feet
My husband & I have both broke our placards and these covers have enabled us to still hang the card.Well worth the money!
Very well made, and give just enough extra room to be able to wear pants that were getting too tight.
Im loving this stuff, even though it has Splenda in it. It tastes great. And I can tell it’s real because when i add it to my water, just like actual tea, it makes me have to pee!Update: Jan2019; i notice this helps me to drink much more water. Plain water just doesn’t always appeal to me, i have never drank enough. This is kind of a life saver in that way!
Purchased this chair from the buyer and after a few months, it began fading to now a  year later the chair has completely lost its color.  Upon further research and seeing other sellers offer warranties for the chair, I contacted this seller only to send a very rude email stating for me to " WASH CHAIR WITH SOAP AND WATER".  The chair is not worth what you are paying,  especially when other sellers offer warranties - please do yourself a favor and don't purchase this chair from this seller - find another who will back up there product with warranty.
Keeps my house smelling wonderful. Lasts a long while.
This may get the water out of your ears, but it really burns. Got this for the kids and tried it on myself first and it wasn’t pleasant. Won’t be using it again
These protein bars are my new favorite.  I have tried the chocolate creme and the cookie dough.  Chocolate creme is just ok but the cookie dough is outstanding.  I have eaten bars for almost 15 years and these are one of the best ones I have ever had.  The triple layer is very unique.
Awesome is my first reaction. I love it. It is light weight and works great for my needs.
Couldn't be happier with this purchase!  Colonics have literally saved my life! I was diagnosed with a Pelvic Floor Dysfunction which led me to the inability to have a bowel movement on my own. And that, undoubtily,  led to all sorts of problems, health issues and diseases:- Auto-immune- Lupus- Chronic Fatigue- Epstein Barr- Hypo Thyroid Hatchimotos (sp?)- Fibermyelgia  ... prior to this, I was extremely healthy!  My career was in fitness. But after years of major constipation (at least 30 yrs), my &#34;then&#34; healthy body couldn't fight off the toxins anymore.  I became so toxic and sick.  There were days I could hardly get out of bed, but when I did - all I could think about was when I could lay back down and take a nap again.I'm a mom of a young family.  This unhealthiness was unacceptable, buy I was clueless regarding what I could do about it.  So I decided to doctor at the world famous Mayo Clinic, with the best docs in the world!!  After months and months of tests, the ONLY thing they could come up with was to remove my colon and live with a colostomy bag the rest of my life!!!  I was so depressed, but didn't believe I had any other choice.  Right before my surgery, my husband suggested I go see a Naturalpathic doctor to see if they could help me in any way. They chose to take me on as their most challenging, constipated patient client.  A BiG part of regaining my health was getting professional colonics. Do you know how expensive those things are? Between $60-$100!!!  I was getting one a week for 18 months (yes, that's how impacted I was). I knew this couldn't continue doing this as who can afford a life-style of this? I sure couldn't on my income. My extended family felt so badly for me, they would gift me with a colonic a month, just to help me out , when they could.  But I was still paying thousands out of my own pocket to continue this major cleanse I needed.  I thought I'd eventually have to just give in and use the &#34;bag&#34; as it was more &#34;affordable&#34;!  That's when I found out about this colonic board! Best info I've ever received!!  Changed my life!!  I ordered it immediately, it came in the mail that week, and I set it up (very simple) and went right to work.  During my first colonic, while using it - I had tears in my eyes.  It worked!!! What an answer to prayer.  No more having to pay for all those professional colonics.  On a side note, I just finished a radical 8-day detox cleanse, and using my colonic board daily was a big part of that .  I now feel better than I have in years! I'm not kidding.  I lost my bloated weight, I've got never ending energy,, my body nor my joints hurt anymore, I cant wait to get out of bed in the mornings, I'm happier ... no longer depressed, etc.  I am forever grateful to my new colonic board that has given me back not only my health, but my life!PS - Just to warn you, I've never met a 'Western' medical doctor who has approved of this practice, so don't expect them to be jumping up and down on your new-found discovery with you. But at the same time, I've never met a doctor - nor any person, who had as bad of a Chronic Constipation problem as I had.
Good product, well made.
Got this for photo and video shoots where &#34;wardrobe malfunctions&#34; can't happen without requiring re-shooting.  The only thing that will hold outfits in place tighter (and not take skin off) is double-sided wig tape, but it is tough to conceal the tape outline if the fabric is thin.  This is in the middle of the spectrum between heavy duty &#34;Stickum&#34; sprays and the wig tape.Four stars instead of 5 because the applicator tip is less than ideal.  This product used to come packaged like a &#34;glue stick&#34; which seemed to be less messy than the applicator tip that come on this one.
As expected, but can't hang on the side of a wheelchair because it's too long and rubs against the wheel.
Fit a little small, but very pretty
Reviews are correct the floss function is messy. Works well though.
I like to walk around the neighborhood and pick up trash, and this thing is Great!  I can walk with a bag, and a grabber hand, and easily keep the bag open to put stuff in it.  Then it collapses on itself when you let it drop back down like a briefcase, so trash doesn't blow out.
I have plantar fasciitis and these do help some. I should say, I have a serious 7 year problem in both feet so it could be more helpful to someone with a lesser issue.
Did not fit the Pedegg model I have. The value and quality was great, but sadly I had to return them.
Excellent product that is precise and doesn't pull skin with the hair.
Nice Fabric made to last years. Wood scratches easy. The heat works very well
Overall, this is an okay toothpaste. Not the best. Not the worst, and overpriced for what it claims (and fails) to do. I've been using it for several weeks and haven't noticed any significant improvement in my oral health, tartar levels, or whiteness. It's minty and on the thinner side. It's not meant to foam, but I feel I need more than average amounts to properly brush my teeth. My teeth feel clean, but not moreso than they do with other toothpastes. I'll stick with the Periogen mouth rinse.
Pretty rough and started to unravel on second use. Pretty color but that's about it 😣
Mixes very easy, tastes great, I mix it with almond milk.  I’m going to make some popsicles and see how that works as a treat.
This fwidget is just way bigger than I anticipated.  I was thinking it would be the size of a pink eraser and it's almost as big as my iPhone4s.  I will be surprised if it fits in his pocket.  I don't see how my son is supposed to inconspicuously use this in class, but will update if I change my mind on it due to his experience.
The glue tabs are not going to hold this.  I used pins eventually after having it fall down several times.  It does require some slight assembly as the letters are not all connected like it appears in the picture and do not come on the ribbon.  Not really a big deal though.
If I could give this 10 Stars I would! This is the second product I purchased to clean our Napoleon wood burning fireplace glass doors. The first product required harsh scrubbing and many reapplications to get the soot off. With this product the soot practically falls off, no scrubbing, absolutely effortless. Amazing product.
I will buy this product again.  Very high quality oil.
These have have been a lifesaver throughout COVID. My kids don’t give any pushback using these. Easily attach to the ear straps on the mask and are perfect length for kiddos! They last and are extremely durable with all the wear and use we’ve gotten out of them. They do wash well too which is a plus!
Can't taste this at all. I put it in my coffee in the morning when I remember 😂 but I do like the fact that you can mix it with anything, stir and you're done. No after taste, isn't in the bottom of your cup. Would recommend..
Product didn't work for me.  I require a high temp to style my hair.  It really doesn't get hot enough . May be fine for others but not for me.
AMAZING product!!! After years or battling with one toenail this was recommend by a doctor. Used several times daily and all clear!!!!!
The sugar in this mix is "enzymatically modified stevia" That does not occur in nature, so in my opinion is not "naturally sweetened" as stated on the package (that is why I took off two stars). Initially I was not crazy about the flavor, you can easily taste an after taste. But this stuff really grows on you and I actually started craving it. It is now my favorite protein powder mix. I want to buy other flavors from this company. This review was written because they offered me a free container.
Delicious! I must be the only person who likes the taste of this stuff!
Great quality and price
I have the original tush cush which looked a little big for my car seat so I thought I would give this compact one a try.  This one does indeed look better in the seat but it is smaller, and taller than the original.  I am not a big guy but this cushion is too small and thus provides less support.  As a result it is less comfortable than the original.  So after giving it a try,  I am returning it and am back to using the original.
I use this to teach patients how to do self mobs and send it home with them. Works great. Wide band and string claspe.
Too hot - despite what ad says - burned eye lids - did not curl or straighten lashes
I love it its perfect
In theory I love this product however it really didn't work that well maybe it's cuz I wear makeup but I feel like half the world words make up
some of the capsules were clumped together... too many of them actually
Love the flavor.
Informative, lightweight & sturdy
I will not go back to bio freeze. This product is amazing,  heat comes on slowly. They can be difficult to remove especially in humid weather. Just remove in the shower. I took these on a yoga retreat and shared it with my companions and everyone was in awe!!!!  like the nice ginseng smell
They cut very well and are as advetised.
These are not really cheap, but they do last a long time.  The scent is gentle, but it drifts through a large space.  We love them!
These were great tissues. Good for dry noses as well.
Just as described
Just as described. Would buy from this seller again
Ordered the plus size for my sister. It was tight on my and I am a 34 in bra sizes.
You will need to buy a rubber insert or gaskit because it does not fit any scooter post no matter how much you tighten it, it’s too big. I had two different scooter brands and birthed fit it without the rubber gasket I bought at a hardware store. So your basket twirls and eventually starts to scoot down on your scooter. Otherwise I love it. I can’t carry my cell, purse, TV clicker anything!!
I got this to replace a plastic Sterilite stool I used to get into my very high bed.  The plastic stool had cracked and was unsafe. This stool is heavy duty, sturdy and stable. It came fully assembled in an extra thick cardboard box. It has crossbars between the legs to give more strength. It has a non-slip surface on the step and does not slide on the floor.  I'm glad I spent the extra money and got this stool that I expect will last a lifetime.
I purchased this toner a few weeks ago. I was looking for something that hydrated my skin. Some toners dry your face out. Not this one! My face felt moist and clean. Dreamy!!!!
I tried first day! Super cute and really comfortable!
I love this brush.  My roommate bought a different one that was less expensive and didn't leave your hair as nice.  From root to tip my hair really looks nice.  I have curly hair and blow my hair straight.  I use the brush for maintenance at the root or when I wake up and the bottom of my hair is a little curly again.  I definitely recommend.
I feel like i look silly wearing it. But totally love this head wrap. Very soothing
Works great - and I think it's good for your gums too!
My kids have always been scared of bandages - they worry the bandage will hurt more than the cut.With these, it was "fun" to put one on.  They work as good as any brand name bandaid - they stick well, but come off easy enough when needed.  Some bandaids stick to the point of hurting when they come off, these don't.The only downside - my kids wanted to put these on all the time, so ended up wasting them for fun, rather than using for real cuts :)Good stocking stuffer.
Scent is much better than other pet mess sprays but it isn't the cure-all for cat pee. I caught the accident moments after it happened and followed all instructions. I followed up with a second application and thought the urine smell was gone! It lingers when humid or the AC is on.Much better than others though, including nature's miracle.
These are just like the ones they put in your car at the carwash and the smell lasts a long time.
My.club won't let me tan unless I have eyewear..I put these on my keychain with my.computer.pass and bingo. Never without
Great product a bit pricy which is,why I didn't notice this was 30 caps not 60. There is also 500mg and 300 MG sizes. Shop smart!
Have bought this many times- this time- they have changed the formulaflavortexture- it is HORRIBLE!! Will not buy again, This happened with the MRM protein powder as well, why the change??
Waste of money
Delicious and excellent quality!
This is the worst tooth floss I have ever used.  You will be able to clean between two teeth before it breaks ........Even if you double it up it still breaks. Very very thin.  It would be good for hanging Christmas decorations.  It would be impossible to floss your whole mouth with one strand without it breaking.
Great PRODUCT FAST SHIPPING
Love this product!!! It really works!  And tastes delicious!!
yum!!  smells really good!  very subtle
My honey's 40th birthday is coming up and I can't wait to put this on the roller for his birthday.  The images on it are vibrant and easily visible just like pictured here.  It's going to be great and a funny start to his day.
use them all the time
Dull after a shorter period of time than another brand, plus there is no inner nail cleaner part.
Don't waste your money, no difference between this one and the cheaper version. This one is extremely loud and vibrates so hard on high that the attachments actually vibrates off. The intensity is nothing to write home about. Save your money and purchase the Wahl therapeutic model
Love these!
I purchased this wrap for after the shower while I'm getting ready for work. It's thin, but still absorbent, and the color is a pretty blue. The velcro is easy to attachdetach when putting on the wrap. The length could be shorter for me to love it, but it still serves the purpose, and well!
These scales are accurate and hold up well with 4 women using them on a daily basis. They are a breeze to move around and super easy to read, even in the dark. They're black and sleek, which adds to their appeal. This was a good purchase.
Works just as described and as a little side effect, sometimes young people (teens) say it emits a very high pitched whistle which we old people can't hear. I tested by turning it off and on and asking them when they heard the noise. Maybe a dog whistle, a lighter and a bottle opener?
The only bag out of the three that has any major decoration is the red one in the center, which has the more &#34;3D&#34; stockings. The other two are simple and have no &#34;pop out&#34; decorating. They are simple and boring and would cost $2 at any store. This is not worth the $12 I paid.
Just started using it, but I can say last night was the first night my feet didn't hurtburn all night! :-) excited to see what it brings in the near future!
This product was amazing I took as instructed and my cardiologist said my cholesterol did lower. While I can't say it was solely this product I have to say it had to have been part of the reason. It was easy to take and there was no reaction to the supplement. I am definitely keeping this in my daily routine.
Got this for my 13yr. old grandson-he carries it with him always.
Highly recommend this product.  I take it instead of blood pressure medicine!
It’s great for carrying aspirin and way more attractive.
Great for anyone with jaw issues lol
Yummmmyyy scents!!!! I could smell the delicious smelling scents even before I opened the box!!!! These bombs dissolve beautifully and  leave the room smelling great! Warning, I used one that had glitter and it was a bit messy... :).  I store them in a drawer until I go to use one so they can double as a sachet!!
This stuff is amazing. Leaves your face very clean and yet not over stripped. Nice scent not strong. Will buy it again.
Awesome product really works & works really well on Glass shower doors.
Wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
The product is just as described. Fresh, raw and organic. Great! It's convenient that the container has a zip closure that actually works well and provides a moisture-proof seal. I read that sesame seeds are beneficial for osteoarthritis in the knees. I'm trying to include 2 Tday in my diet. This product works well for me.
Seems to do what it is supposed to do.
They fell off the same day I put them on. Waste of money. I tried 4 different pairs.
This mask is comfortable enough, but is not opaque. The fabric blocks maybe 80% of the light in a sunlit room, which is not enough for me to sleep well in a brightly lit space.
Really effective and gentle.  Two of us take these every day... and have been &#34;happy&#34; for the past 10 years on this product.  Dr. Christopher is a good line.
Super thick layers that really don't lie flat against your face. Found this mask to be fairly uncomfortable and always choose another over it.
GREAT STUFF....The only fish oil that significantly lowered my cholesteroltrig levels within a couple of months!!  ALSO.....no nasty FISH burping taste!!!  The ONLY way to go!
Looks great on my desk at my car dealership!
Sorry to give this only a 2 star review, but my biggest issue is the steam. The steam button is supposed to be automatically pressed when the 2 plates touch, but I tried several times & with several settings and NO STREAM IS COMING OUT. The steam was the main reason I bought this, but now it's just a regular iron. If you work for this company, please let me know what to do to get the steam out automatically. This is not convenient at all, and I'm very disappointed.
Very disappointed.The temperature on the screen was wrong, and the brush just made my hair frizzy and unmanageable. I would like a refund.
I was a bit disappointed in the size of the product. It really is a sample size item. It didn't contain enough product for me to say if it really works or not. For the price I would shop another product over this one.
Got the layers of grease off the cabinets from the place I rent. Couldn't stop touching the cabinets because they felt like new! Careful though, on certain surfaces it can abrasive.
Doesn't that picture look tall, firm, and sturdy????  It's not.  And it moves around all over the place. Whoever designed it never sat on it every day  -  couldn't have.
Husband loves this warm and cozy item.  Should have had one in the beginning.
I am really excited to find a non-fish source of omega 3s! And in a gelatin-free gummy too! As a vegetarian, this is a huge discovery. I am bewildered at the reviewers who mention anything about a fishy taste or smell. This is an entirely plant-based product. It tastes like a fruity gummy vitamin. The only thing I would change is the quantity in the bottle. This may not make a difference to many consumers, but I bought this in conjunction with another WOW supplement. This bottle contains 30 servings, while the other product contains 50 servings. It would be far more convenient if the products contained the same number of servings so they are on the same refill schedule. Otherwise, I'm very enthusiastic about this new supplement discovery. I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
My hubby said new shaver heads fit perfectly and shave nicely. I returned to buy a spare set, however, the price had doubled...No thanks!
great replacement for my favorite running shoes
The other reviews about a medicinal, metallic smell were right, I should have listened.  I''m not a fan of this one.  Would NOT put in my drink.  It's okay for defusing.  Just doesn't smell right.
I am surprised at how heavy and well made they are.  They really do what they state.  It is very easy now to lay in bed and watch tv without causing pain in my neck.  I didn't really like reading with them, because I need reading glasses, so trying to wear two pair of glasses at the same time is just not comfortable for me.  My husband liked them so much, that even though he doesn't have a neck injury, he wants a pair, just because he said it was so comfortable watching tv laying flat on your back.
These compression socks are super comfortable, easy to get on and easy to get off. The wide calf design makes these super comfortable for long term wearing. To me they felt like I was wearing socks but still provided me with the supportcompression I need. The price for this pair is still less than I paid for one compression sock from the drug store and isn't nowhere near as comfortable as these. Will purchase more even though I only need one compression sock.
The best beard trimmer I have ever owned.  Long battery life! Easy to change and control trimmer depth.
Great Workout Capris.  There are a little thicker than expected and the material dries a little slower than other pairs I have in different brands but great for running.  Easy to move in these capris breathable material.  There is a lot of stretch to these.  If anyone is trying to figure out there proper size I am 5'10&#34; 162 lbs Waist: 32&#34; Hip: 39&#34;
Light flavor, everyone in my family do not mind taking this supplement.  Even better if you wash down with some juice!
This has a very weird taste I like the chocolate and vanilla. The company itself was great
So useful!!  Very sturdy.
I have insanely high arches and size 14 feet. The size was great. The arch was as high as I was reasonably expecting, which should be fine for most people that just want some support. Really look for a shoe with support as a long-term solution, but these are good for short term.
Love this. It’s awesome not to have the heating pad fall off all the time and the cover is very plush and comfortable.
I have not used these yet but they seem good, heavy quality at a great price
I bought this to make homemade macaroni and cheese. It was perfect the first time. Cheese is basically a suspension of water, milk, milk fats, and other stuff turned solid. When you melt it, all that stuff separates and becomes gross. Sodium citrate stops that from happening, keeping cheese's ingredients mixed together. This is the same reason why Kraft Singles, Velveeta, and nacho cheese don't get all gross when melted. Why not use the same ingredient in your home kitchen?Cook one pound of elbow macaroni and drain. In the stockpot, mix about a pint of milk, half a stick of butter, and a teaspoon of this stuff. Let it get nice and hot, stirring constantly to mix it all together well.Now dump in four cups of whatever shredded cheese you want, a little bit at a time, stirring until melted. Once all that is all added and melted, mix in the elbow macaroni.Simple, and it works great. You can vary the amount of sodium citrate as well as milk to get different consistencies.
This stuff does exactly what it says it will do. Relieve pain and make you feel better.  Happy!
This file gives my nail edge a very smooth finish, unlike an emery board file.
These were nice enough, but I did notice some cosmetic defects in the surface on 2 of the 3.  Disappointed with that.
A great concept - used these on a trip to Singapore (TSA compliant). I found I had to use more than one sheet - a single sheet didn't seem to create any cleaning atoms in the sink. Once I got 2-3 sheets per sink, I was satisfied with the result.
We keep these around for the trades working through the punch list through out our house.  They like them because they easily fit over their boots.
I'm pregnant with twins and have been getting a lot of back pain and abdominal strain which I know will just keep getting more pronounced as I get bigger so I have been looking for a support garment.  I borrowed one of the single-strap type supports you can get at Motherhood and I found that to be really uncomfortable - it was uncomfortable while I was sitting down, it didn't stay in place very well and rather than help with the pressure on my bladder, it made it feel worse. Clearly I needed something better.I ordered this prenatal cradle and had a lot of relief immediately.  It has seriously improved my lower and upper back pain and abdominal strain.  I find it easier to lift and carry things and just getting up off the couch is easier.The "adjustablility" of this model was one of the reasons I bought it and I have to say, its nothing to write home about (3 sets of hooks that are pretty widely spaced) but better than nothing.  The company says this will fit 150 - 220 lbs.  I am 156 lbs and found I have to wear it on the middle set of hooks to avoid uncomfortable compression but maybe thats just how I'm carrying.All in all, I would say if you are getting big and don't have super-strong core muscles, this support can really help improve your pregnancy experience.  I wish I hadn't waited to buy this - get it before you HAVE to have it and save yourself some pain.
Taste is okay but it doesn't mix at all like to the point that you drink immediately after stirring and it's still grainy. I saw other reviews that said the same thing but I thought it couldn't be that bad so I ordered and it was worse than I was expecting aww
Great product, it worked great and was an easy fix. I would purchase again!
They last forever just sitting in a drawer.  The battery itself is a 2000 MAH unit and goes forever once put in use.  It recharges and repeats this hundreds of times and yet appears like new.
hard to mouse, write and if tight will cut off circulation.  It does stabilize your thumb but does get warm, I am looking for a lighter and less bulky model
WORKED WELL-- DO NOT USE NEAR EYES--as they say.
What a relief! I broke my tailbone 3 times when I was younger & I believe I have arthritis so this a great help thank you
The socks began shredding the first time wearing.They worked as described but fell apart doing the job!
It could be a little stronger?
This eye mask is great! The package comes ready to be given as a nice gift with the box and paper. The mask itself blocks out any and all light. The plush cushion provides enough room for you to be able to open your eyes even without being squished. The strap is what makes it for me, it’s adjustable and flush so it’s not being tangled up in your hair or pulling it out.
I was expecting more .. In my opinion there wasn't enough especially for the size of the package..
Holds both of my EpiPens.  Seems pretty sturdy.  I added a carabiner so I could attach it to my backpack.  I like that the color stands out.Edit: I've had my original for 6 years now and it's just now starting to show wear.  It's held up really well.  I'm ordering a new one to replace it and hopefully it lasts just as long.  Very happy with this product!
Bought this to make homemade fog fluid for my fog machine.  Mixed it with distilled water and couldn't tell the difference between the homemade solution and the store bought brand.  Also works well with potassium permanganate as a quick fire starter for all of you science enthusiasts.
These are my favorite pill containers for the bathroom. I have about 3 pills I take at night. Also perfect for fitting in my bag I take on trips. Love the bright colors!
Item was not what I expected. The pill compartments were to small for what I needed. Not fond of the design. Meaning how you got the pills out.
This product does curb appetite.  It allows me to not eat midlessly but make the right choices.  I do also notice an improvement in my energy levels.I have not been excercising since I started taking this product.  I will update the review once I start working out.  So I feel that this product is worth some attention.
It works as described. I recommend this product.
This chair is not intended for all day use.  This far after only 4 mos is it loose where the seat meets the base. The cushions are now flat and it now requires a pillow on the back and the seat.  Save your money and biy a real chair
I love them! Very decent amount and size. Very good for energy healing work.
A little in my morning coffee does the trick!
Love this product. It was inexpensive and was delivered quickly. I love all the cute patterns on the wrap. Worked well for my dog’s foot. I love that you get two different sizes as well. Great product!
glad to finally find one that actually counts while safely in a pocket after having had so many get lost clipped at waist or to shoes etc.  I dont' need absolute accuracy but it seems about right. :)  Resets itself daily too, so I'm pretty much unable to mess myself up!
Love this shoe deodorizer.... it was just what I was looking for and it has a nice Pine scent to it and is not overbearing!  I recommend it for everyone!
These were great support for my daughter recovering from weakness and pain in her knees from running.Good product and prompt delivery.
It's a straw and as long as liquid comes up it's good! Color is pretty too!
So happy with these napkins. A bit pricey, so I only use for company. People definitely notice that these aren't ordinary napkins.
waste of money. doesnt clean anything
This nail file is small enough to carry in your purse. It is a little thicker than some other crystal nail files, which also makes it more sturdy. I prefer the thinner crystal nail files generally, but this does a good job as files go.
Works well. Does not leave a residue on your facenose.
If you don't mind 12 grams of fat in your cookie then these are great.  Excellent flavor.  The chocolate is dark and in small chunks, probably from the bars they make.  Pretty wrapper if you were handing them out as a reward.
It's taffy-like.  The flavor is just okay for me.  I prefer their Espresso bar (which has to be heated).
Love the slide cutting device on this plastic wrap.Great product!
Do the job very nicely..great cushionHave purchased before
The magnisoles seem to be helping my husband more than any other insole.
Will buy these again and again.
This product I take at night to help me relax and get a good night sleep. It has also helped with leg cramps. I love this product.
Used it for several weeks.  Went by directions not sure if it worked at all. But left a bad taste in the mouth daily.
quit working after a few months. waste of money.
Lovely aroma, it smells also like cologne? It's really strong but I got used to it after one day. Many happy compliments from anyone that has gotten into my car.
Overall a great product. Good for your nails, hair,skin.
I like that the straws come individually wrapped (since I probably won't be drinking boba tea on a daily basis and these will end up getting thrown and knocked around in a kitchen drawer). Perfect size for bubble tea pearls.
This was ordered as a replacement for ours that had cracked. It fit perfectly and works perfectly.
Won’t but again … teeth on flat iron  get caught in my hair . I had clip them off this wire cutters
Nothing special. The pennant flag banner is see-through plastic and doesn’t look as nice as what’s in the picture.
Seems to be well made and fits as expected, my daughter is very happy with it!
Great quality and lovely colors.  Better than I expected for the price!  Does a great job on my nails and doesn't cause splitting like emery boards.
This stuff is like a miracle. I use it for all kinds of things, burns, cuts, blemishes.. Heals fast
It is awesome they came with cases for storage.I have very sensitive ears that hurt with the expanding kind. I have worn the swimmer wax ones but hated how they caught in my hair or dislodged over night. I work night shift so sleep in the day and cannot sleep through anything. Now I can.These are perfectly flexible and nice soft feel. Definitely reccomend!
My optometrist gave me a sample size of this a year ago and I haven't been able to go back to anything else for my overnight contact soak.If I'm taking a nap I'll soak them in something else but this solution seems to clean and sanitize them so well. I would definitely recommend this to anyone else who wears contacts
This slip resistant tray worked wonders while my boyfriend had knee surgery. Now my Dad uses it as a lap tray.
The raspberry flavor is nice. These vitamins have been improving my mood and energy levels. I’m feeling great!
They fizz and smell really nice but the bomb is too small for a regular bathtub, you barely can tell it mixed with the water, if you drop two it's good, if you are willing to mix the bombs of the box or get two boxes.
6 year old didn't like them at first I think she was confused about the tightness and fit. Tried again a week or so later and she really likes them now! Cute and keeps her knees safe from falls!
Good value and super soft cotton balls.
Liked everything but the chain seems cheap.
I don't even have babies anymore, but I will always use this as our go-to stain remover. Works great!
Very moisturizing. Even better if someone will give you a foot rub! I would buy it again.
This smells SO good and really does help detangle and defrizz my toddler's hair.  We like it!
Couldn't do without it.  It covers and protects the skin under Leuko tape.  Works great!!  Used in physical therapy.
Used them as cake dowels as recommended by Sharon Zambito. They are so much easier to cut than wooden ones.
This is great solution.  I use it every day and my eyes always feel great.
I sent them back
I should have read more reviews. They don't come with instructions or ingredients or anything, and look like someone took a larger pack and separated it into smaller ones manually. Previously we'd gotten some from our dentist, and the instructions were to chew one tablet. She did - and it was terrible. The taste almost made her throw up, and then it stained her lips, teeth, tongue and our sink. COPIOUS amounts of dye. I did wash out the sink with soap eventually, but I had to brush her teeth quite a bit to get the purple off, and her tongue is still purple and she has purple spots on her face. I'm now worried about an allergic reaction after reading the review where the child had breathing problems. I'll be watching her carefully tonight. They did disclose plaque, but for our needs, they won't work. $7 wasted. Very disappointed.
This is my first electric toothbrush, and so far I’m very happy with it. I like the way it feels on my teeth, and I like that it has different settings. I am skeptical of the tooth whitening setting, I’ll update in a few weeks on that. It comes in a handy travel case, two heads and with a cord but no plug. I saw you can buy additional heads on amazon. I think the pack had 4 for $10.99. It’s a good starter electric toothbrush if you’re looking to try one out.
Loved these. I searched everywhere for birthday decorations that were fun and modern, and I bought several things from Ling' s. Everything arrived in great condition and quality. I would definitely use this manufacturer again
I have thick frizzy curly hair. This brush didn't work at all for me.  I wouldn't recommend this. Takes more work then a curling iron or straightener.
Seems to be legit.  I get a little nervous buying from 3rd parties due to possible knock offs.
Just as described very pleased
I love Sweetsation Therapy products and this one is no exception! Usually, I order directly from their site, but this go it was cheaper on Amazon. Go figure? I purchased this after trying the Honest brand sunscreen, which I bought from Costco. That was &#34;honestly&#34; the worst sunscreen I have ever purchased. It was so greasy and oily and never absorbed in their skin. They were walking oil slicks for the day, and even with it slathered on, they still got sunburned. Not good!! Needless to say, I returned that product, and do not recommend it at all. Horrible! So, in my quest to find a new sunscreen, I decided to bite the price bullet and purchase this Sunscreen from Sweetsation Therapy. I am SOOO happy I did. It is a wonderful sunscreen, not greasy or oily at all. More like a cream that goes on and absorbs wonderfully. It also is great at protecting them from the sun, especially now that summer has arrived. No burns yet. Very happy with this purchase. I will be buying again. Oh, and it doesn't cause any allergy issues with either children, especially my daughter who has very sensitiveallergyhive prone skin issues. And, it smells like chocolate. How can you beat that! A little bit goes a long way, so the heftier price tag is worth the money, in my opinion.
Working great
Cramp reliever is great. Husband swears by it. Taste horrific though. Have something handy. Works very fast and comes jjkvr@hotmail.com st as quickly in the mail.
The first time I ordered these I fell in love with them because they where perfect for work but this second time around I found it be a different type of glove as if they changed the product .it felted and a different color
Buy it! Great natural energy!
Works well
It's smells alright . I don't think you would want pheromones in something you would slather all over yourself -like lotion. Now that I know more about pheromones, lotion in general is not a good thing to add pheromones to.Reason being that applying too much of any pheromone can actually cause the opposite effect . It does have a nice sparkle in it but, the pheromone Andronone has a sweat-like smell that I noticed in this lotion.
This is such a great scale. It is very light weight and the numbers are easy to read.
Perfect for the gym! Going to purchase more!
Beautiful and fun balloons but this should not be called a “Kit”. It’s balloons. No strings and no sticks. I had to go out at the last minute to purchase the string.
I was excited to receive this product but once I had one it left a funny aftertaste in my mouth which made me not want to have any more.
This item is much nicer than the picture. It's very soft and looks great. The stitching is well done. I'm very happy with this.
Most of us know that Maca is a superfood, well this is amped up superfood from Peru that aids the body in healing, boosting the immune system and filled with amino acids that are fuel for out bodies. There is no taste to it, so I put a tsp in my smoothies along with Maca and a Warrior blend plant based protein powder that I know will give me all I need as I can't eat due to dental surgery.
Very effective in doing its job. Virtually no smoke comes out! Works even better with a dryer sheet inside of it, but not necessary. Great quality for the price, too.
Super great taste and results are amazing.
It feeds your body what it might be lacking. Its overall something should be apart of your daily routine. I would get it again
Didn't work.  Maybe my butt is hopeless
Not as tough or as strong as the original as seen on tv product. Goes flat faster. Good price. The originals last forever. These will last a while. They still help with plantar fasciitis. Will opt for originals from now on. If you find the originals have too much height for you then these would be a great alternative option. Seems to be a different type of filler material for pad. I would give originals 5 stars plus. These I would give a 4.
This product is amazing for cleaning the boat. It gets off any pesky spots and makes getting those tough spots clean a breeze. We will never use anything else.
Ok I guess. Noisy but works right out of the box. Only one setting and heat is non existent
Great scale for the price! In stores they want twice as much for a cheaper looking scale... Corners are a little sharp so it's nice if you have somewhere to put it out of the way!
Great little curing iron!
Color is a little faded transparent gold, thin but okay quality!
Great.  Sturdy, nice quality.  Bristles are perfect.  Not too hard or too soft.  Massaging nubs feel very nice.  They are smooth, yet firm.  The handle is nice and sturdy.  Feels like this brush will last a long time.  No complaints, and would buy again.
I love this product! I have alot of muscle pain in my shoulders and this has allowed me to relax. Would definitely recommend!
Was a little big and everyone laughed, but I could fit EVERYTHING in this thing and it would sit on my back side so it didn't get in the way for me.  The only reason why I had to give it up was because my instructor said, that if I wore this at clinicals I would spread germs from room to room without knowing it.  I guess it very well could have, however, my shoes don't spread germs?  My clothes?  I had to stop wearing it, but I save it for when I am done and a hospital lets me wear it.  I can even put my stethoscope in it!
Arrived quickly & just as described. It made a great gift & the price couldn't be beat! Love the color & pattern as well, it made for a unique gift for my nurse friend!
This product arrived on time and in excellent condition and it works very well.
The work well
Great stuff slept well did not wake up hung over (use 14 bottle.)  The problem is - my roommate keeps taking them.
2 in one, it is a sun screen and bug protection. It makes my life easier.
great product and smells good too
Ive had this hookah for 7 months now and it is perfect. I honestly did not expect such a nice product for what I payed for it. In my town I would have spent about $40 more for the same thing. I love this and definitely recommend it!!!
I feel like I change weight within several minutes (by 0.2-0.6lb) and I doubt that I truly am fluctuating in that small amount of time. Since the &#34;error&#34; is minimal I'm not too concerned, but I feel like its consistency is not always there.
really liked this as did everyone who smelled it. wish the bottle would have been a little bigger and the shower gel didnt smell very long.
If you need this for one burst, for one party. Then this may be for you.I bought two of these. Loved the look, and the ease of use. I bought them early, and didn't need for a few months, but did test them. I took them to the first gig, and they worked. I only used them for two bursts, no longer than 15sec each... Then nothing from one of them. No more blowing. the LED lights still worked great and showed that i still had connectivity, but the blowers died.After the next try the second one also died. I know what you may be thinking, maybe it was bad power, or a surge. the power was fully tested and good. the internal fuse was still in good shape and working fine.I contacted customer support, and they told me to send a video of the issue, and they would help. So i did that... NO RESPONSE. I emailed again and they totally ignored it. Unfortunately Amazon says that they can't do anything. So much for the A-Z guarantee haha.Anyway I wish they would have worked great for me, as the concept if good, and the lights are great. But I don't like the idea of paying $400 for each time I need confetti.
the wife loves them.
the wife loves this product
My favorite bamboo  toothbrush I’ve tried!Love the bristles, they clean so much better than the last ones I’ve bought.thw head is a perfect size for reaching back teeth for both my husband and myself.  Definitely purchasing more.The rounded handle is much more comfortable than the flat ones.
Super cute at first but turns ugly brown and stained the tub
This is a great scrub brush! I have always wanted to try one of these out and I like it for the most part.  I did think that the brush spun on this but I almost think its for the better that it doesn't because I think it would be a little too harsh if it did spin.  This facial brush vibrates at different speeds while you scrub your face.  It comes with two different brushes, one is a typical soft brush and the other is a very soft sponge.  I really like to use both heads on this!  It does come with a separate base so your face brush can stand up wherever you store it which is convenient!  I really like the green color of this item too, it matches many other things I have.  There is one button which turns the device on and off and also turns the speeds up or down.  The brush heads are very easy to remove and replace even if you are someone who has painful hands.  I really enjoy this product! I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
Awful! Stickers don't stick! How extremely frustrating!
Great smell. Not overpowering or chemical smelling. A great purchase
These are not some cheap clamps these are the real deal, I'm hard on sex toys but these have been great
Tastes great. I used it in smoothies (frozen fruit, milk and ice) and it mixes really well. Not sure it would mix well if you are just trying to use a liquid- definitely better to blend it in a blender. I've had this container for months and still have half of it left, and it's just as fresh as ever. The price is a little high, but it does seem to last a while.
I purchased the petals to use in a ash scatter ceremony.  The petals were beautiful, looked just like the picture and smelled wonderful.  There was a large amount and it was definitely worth the money. Although it was for a sad purpose, the petals added a pretty touch. Very happy I made this purchase.
Helps with snoring but it doesn't help 100%
This is perfect size for my purse.  Opens and closes easily and it's easy to spot in your bag.
Love this!!!! My son will not take the little citrus fruit flavored probiotics, Ive tried three different kinds, he spits them out as soon as they hit his mouth. These are individually packaged so it's not a guessing game with how much to give. I just sneak a packet into his morning bottle of milk and in ten minutes he's had his full serving of probiotics and prebiotics for the day! It's pretty cool, especially with cold season coming upon us I want to get a head of the game and build his little immune system. They've worked wonders for me. Would definitely recommend them! :)
I had purchased a different frankincense a few months ago, and this one smelled a lot better. I also recently heard that you can test an oils purity by putting a small drop on a sheet of paper, if it's pure it should dissolve completely leaving no trace. When I did that test with this and the other one, this one totally passed the test, the other did not, it left a clear oil splotch where the drop was placed. My conclusion is that this oil must be pretty good, as I said the smell isn't bad, it's kinda earthy. The smell is strong but not overpowering like other oils I have tried. The only thing I didn't like so much was that it comes out very fast, I try to get one drop, but end up with 2-3. Overall I am very happy with it, and would recommend it to my friends.*I received a discount for my review*
works as expected. no problems
works as expected. no problems
These are great wipes for on the go! I keep some in my purse, some in my car, and some on my kitchen counter. I love the fresh clean scent of these wipes. They smell great and and work great for.even the biggest messes. I'm on baby number 2 and we go through a lot of wipes. So far these smell and work the best. I was pleasantly surprised that they are gentle and do not irritate my kids skin since they are both quite sensitive.
Works great, it stays charged longer than I expected. Easy to clean.
The numbers were not complete. Very hard to read display. I sent it back.
They serve the purpose. My 85 year old mother in law couldn't unzip them. Honestly snack bags ftom the grocery store are just as good and cheaper.
These rip VERY easily. Like when you're unrolling them from the roll. Kind of disappointing
I love my konjac facial sponge and so will u I promise u that. This is so worth buying I have getting several of these for my family and friends  and they love it just as much as I do. You will get addicted using these because of how it makes your face feel as if you just got out of a spa or facial massage. I use it morning and night. They are different kinds you could get for certain kinds of skin as for me I break out a lot and this sponge help me so much where it does not make me break out and pulls out all the stuff that is on your face and after you're done using it it just feels smooth and soft as a baby's bottom. And it even helps with black heads no lie. This sponge really works. I did get this product at a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
As advertised
Bought these for my Operation Christmas Child boxes and I wasn't disappointed. The quality is better than I thought it would be for the price.
I have sinus issues, so I use tissues a lot. A lot. I'm pretty picky (no pun intended) when it comes to the quality of my tissues since I use them practically every day. I don't like thin, scratchy tissues and I also don't like tissues that are too thick because I find them hard to grip. I've always stayed away from tissues with lotion because in the past they have been too thick for my liking, but I tried these and they are perfect. Not too thin, not too thick, comfortable and easy to use. They aren't scratchy, they don't fall apart, and they leave my nose happy.
Returned!  Small and cheap!
After trying so many products, I thought those yellow water stains were inevitable and I would just have to live with them. Then I saw this and on a whim, gave it a try. It was effortless to use, did not scratch the bowl, and left me with a sparkling toilet. Why have I never heard of this before? This should be a standard cleaning tool in everyone's house.
The product themselves seemed fine but the gift box packaging was all scratched up. Had to send back and order a different one. It’s a good gift at an affordable price but my rating is cause I received a faulty one. Might reorder and update my review.
You have to do it pretty slow and make sure you buff your nails with an actual sand type grit one before you use these or you’ll leave horizontal scratch marks on your nails. You can only see the scratches at an angle but they’re there. Other than that, the price and the shine these give me have me hooked. I’ve been using them nonstop and can’t stop showing people how shiny my nails are. 😂
Power cord works great and a reasonable price
How can I describe my exhaustive search for an applicator bottle for my hair oils that has a long tip so that you can part hair with it?? Hair color applicator bottles are expen$ive!! and I just didn't want to pay that price anymore. I want a nicely organized beauty closet so I was searching for applicator bottles to store my hair oils to ensure they don't spill over, and have the long tip to make partings in my hair!  Sooo glad I found this bottle. I will be ordering more to put each type of natural oil in them and will look nice in my closet. Really happy with this purchase. The bottle is soft and squeezable, and you have to cut the tip off to make an opening. It's also the right size, not too tiny (like what's in a craft store) and not too big like many hair coloring bottles. Just perfect!! I can see the value of storing your crafting liquids in this, and consider it for your beauty needs too! :) really happy
The comb attachments to my hair dryer broke, I ordered these and they fit perfectly
Exactly as described and great service
It was a nice buy. I wear glasses so I have a hard time with it, because the light really hurts my eyes. I think I will gift it to my niece.
My son love it! I would be again. It's fun, excited, and leaves no mess.
Easy to read and reference for lab values and all sorts of tidbits.  Convenient
I suffer from anxiety.  Just took one of these capsules and  I'm feeling so relaxed.  I recommend.
Couldn't wait to apply this oil to my face and body.  My skin felt so smooth like it use to and the itching stopped to.  Added a dropper to my bath wash, it was heavenly showering.  Added a dropper to my shampoo and for once my scalp wasn't itchy.  Added a dropper to my body lotion.  Finally I feel like I can live in my own skin like I use to.  It didn't make the eczema go away but it soothed the itching.  This oil is a God send.
These are the perfect way to dress up your gifts for Christmas. Just need to buy some cute wrapping paper to go with it
Not what I expected.  I ordered according to size chart, but was to big.
Loved this product!!!!  I recently had cutibal tunnel surgery.  Was worried this would be uncomfortable putting on and taking off like the Heelbo, BUT this product is MUCH better.  Very comfortable, easy to put on and take off and best of all it stays in place.  I wear it 24 hours a day (yes, even when I'm sleep).  I've washed it a few times with no problem.  I
Easy to swallow capsules. Haven't had an IBS attack since using them.
Best stuff ever.  Can't be without.  Good for joints.  I feel and look hydrated. Highly recommended.
Amazing product with a breath taking result. I love my bath water as dark as my soul.
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!! Such good quality and absolutely BEAUTIFUL...!!
My husband likes his and highly recommends this item.
Works ok for walking around, I work long hours in retail, do not recommend for work. These seem to wear out fairly quickly under the pressure of 14 hour days.
I love this!! Will buy again.
I bought this and it came in perfect condition and right on time.This is a nice toy that is not to big and fun to use.  It is very comfortable to use and enhances your experience.  I was not disappointed with this at all.
Pretty good. Still a little chafing when I'm doing longer runs of 10 miles. Marathon coming up so I need something for the sports bra area that holds up.
I bought this to begin tincturing my own stevia that I grow in my garden.  I've tried using alcohol, and can't ever seem to cook it right to get ride of the taste.  Someone recommended glycerin, so I'm giving it a shot! I'm SO excited to taste my first sample SOON!  Everyone says this has a sweet taste, but I didn't find that...of course I have a serious sweet tooth..so I can't taste mildly sweet I guess.  It's a large bottle, for the price.I will be saving a tremendous amount of money by making my own tinctures at home.  This process also doesn't require heat...you just mix it with the herb, so easy!  I'm looking for more ways to use this as a viable source for homemade items.  You know what is in the product if you make it at home!
Blue Odyssey is my favorite air freshener, and I'm so glad that I was able to get three bottles for one low price!
This is a very nice version of the auto roller. Delivered on time, works like a charm. I might go as far as to say this is the nicest one Ive ever had or used.
This stuff is awesome! Great value for a great product that really helps moisturize my lips.
The brush fits perfect on my Clarisonic (the main reason I bought the brushes) however I noticed a very strong stench coming from the brush after about 3 washes! Very disappointed I guess you do pay for what you get !
My only complaint is these don’t scrub off hard dried foods of wipe tables and counters but other than that these are great
I purchased this for my child’s sunscreen at school after she arrived home one day with 10 big bites on her face. Since I sent this there’s been no issues.
didn't see much difference from using the Skin-So-Soft and this product.  I will just use the Skin-So-Soft in the future.
This flat iron has changed my LIFE!! I have incredibly thick hair and every time I use these my hair become silky smooth. I recommend you purchase these irons because they will change your life too!!!
Not impressed
Good purchase
Great quality. looks just as pictured. A little uncomfortable at first but easily get use to it. Easy to clean.
Worthless product. Does not curl your lashes. At all.
Does not work on thick hair
We had rust stains on our countertop from our metal paper towel holder. They are GONE!! It took 5 minutes for The Pink Stuff to do its job. Wow!! Never thought the stains would go away and they disappeared easily. Thank you for this amazing product! I wish I'd taken a before pic!
It seemed to work pretty well for the first year. The batteries had to be replaced after 1 year, give or take a few days, so I was happy about that. But one very disconcerting thing I noticed was that it would give me a different weight when it was moved to different areas of the floor, which I then knew I wouldn't buy it again. But then I started to notice inconsistencies between what my scale said and what my doctor's office scale and even what my sister's bathroom scale weighed me. I also used it to monitor the weight of a 13 yr old cat, which is even more important to me than keeping track of my own weight. Now after less than only 2 years and it's stopped working altogether, which is completely unacceptable.
I could still hear loud snoring and even though I squished the ear plugs to fit my ears since I have smaller ears, it didn't feel comfortable and the sounds came through too strongly, no matter what the volume.  :-0(
For the price point, this is an excellent cuticle nipper. The edge is shard and precise. Comparable in quality to a $20 nipper.
Alot bulkier than expected..very long.Gets in the way
I brought this for my tub since it was ranked on a list as the #1 cleaner & it was a epic fail. In less than 2 minutes of using it, it ripped. You also DEFINITELY need some sort of product on this to clean anything. This was a complete waste of $
So, to start, I understand that isn't the most conventional use for the product but it really works! The first picture is the start of my shingles flare-up. My dad typically uses this product for joint pain but he suggested that I use this on the shingles. I got it quickly from Amazon and slathered a thick layer of the gel onto the painful, liquid filled blisters and bumps. I will admit that upon application it burns and tingles but not so bad that it's unbearable. After a few days the blisters started to dry out (a good thing for shingles because it means it's healing), and after about a week of application to the area the blisters dropped considerably in size and the bumps were almost completely gone. I will admit, as other have, that the only drawback I could see is that it is very drying. I noticed that the skin around the bumps and blisters got flakey and dried out. I wanted this product to dry the blisters so just be wary if you're using it for pain relief, etc.
I had been on my quest to find a natural deodorant that actually controlled my B.O. for about 3 years, and then I was recommended this from an influencer on IG and it has changed my life!! I will NEVER again purchase anything else. This deodorant held up during the hottest days of the year, my wedding day, and if you need it to, it will last multiple days on! Everybody needs to try this pleeeeease!! Thank you Ethique!
Had to throw them away because they smelled like smoke so bad. The box was yellow but unopened.
it's ok, but my hair dye was too thick - I couldn't use the bottle normally.kind of expensive.
My mum looks beautiful in blue!  Everyone is happy with the stand out color and solid construction.  Thank you for making this cherished urn to hold our mum.
I have not used it yet, but it new and I should have no problems with it.  It was a good buy.  It really smells godd and it does work for the purpose it ws bought for,
Love this deodorant,  none of the bad ingredients.  Great for sensitive skin.
Exactly what i needed for open toe ankle heels. They stick well but are very soft
Great buy
I am happy with both the toothpaste and brush.  I feel my teeth look brighter and gums healthier.  Still have a  lot more to use to see if I get amazing results.  Will keep everyone posted.
The handle broke with the first wash. I was cleaning my tumbler....this was a total waste of money.
Did not taste as good as the raw red maca from the Organique company. I might try the raw one from this brand and see how it goes. I use it to make tea . Love me some Maca tea.
One of those &#34;just in case&#34; items to keep on hand. Check the expiration date before you purchase. This was slightly higher price but the seller provided the expiration date in the ad copy and this seems like fresh stuff.
I love the cold pack. It doesn't leak and it's convenient and easy to grab when it need it. I sometimes need to apply the ice pack around the clock mainly for my frozen shoulder. My daughter used the heat pack and loved it. She felt so much better afterwards. I saw her apply it a few times.  She said it was easy to use. We love the product.
This KT tape is great, stays on pretty well even after a couple showers. I would definitely recommend, great value for the price!
It's thicker than expected. But works well.
will definitely order again. Hibiscus helps lower blood pressure, and it's delicious!
This is ok it's gets really hot but it's annoying that my finger is always changing the setting of the heat.
Cheap, doesn’t get as hot as a regular flatiron, the “comb” is worthless. I have a short pixie and had high hopes for this. I normally don’t return Amazon stuff, but this thing was a joke and it just pissed me off before work. I can’t imagine this would straighten a course beard.
I got the Fitbit Aria scale to pair with my Fitbit Charge and also link with MyFitnessPal, and in general just make my health journey a bit more streamline. And I must admit, it really does add value to that, compared to my non wi-fi digital scale that I used for years.The design is sleek and sexy (I got it in white) and is not an eyesore in my bathroom. The scale is very responsive, and seems to be quite accurate on weight and body fat. I love that it auto-syncs to my Fitbit and MyFitnessPal apps, so I don't need to worry about remember to manually enter it. I also like the feature that it can recognize up to 8 people. My bf uses it occasionally and it knows when it is me or him that steps in the scale. Overall, it is certainly overpriced for what it is, but if you can get over that, I think it's a fantastic and sleek fitness tool to have. If I didn't usehave a Fitbit Charge, I probably would not be able to justify purchasing this scale. But if you do, I think you will notice that it does add value to your fitness regimen.
This did not work at all for me. I followed the instructions and for all the good it did I might as well have been putting Chapstick on my glasses. Definitely not worth the money.
I love them, nicer than the black ones.  Been using them for more then 3 years.
Awesome! It's like pop rocks. Taste great and really works. I keep in purse, in car, in desk...
Now these glasses are the best ones I've ever bought!!! Clear colorful perfect sight, gave a pair to my best friend and she loved them so it's a must have if you use reading glasses
This is by far one of the best tools I've used for my feet when I give myself a pedicure. A must have !!!
Doesn't work. This product didn't help to extract any blackheads. I don't know if it's because my face is too oily but honestly this stuff is as effective as you doing a DIY egg white mask. STRAIGHT UP!!! No matter if I applied one layer or 5 it seemed as if it dried AROUND my pores and it was so liquid and drippy. It was basicall Elmer's Glue with black food coloring. That is what is smelled like and that is what it felt like. Save your money on this one folks!
I got a very strange email following this order, makes me question product quality and security. As far price goes if ingredients are as stated 90 for the price is good.
this product may be good for you but boy is it GROSS. I usually have to mix it with some sort of juice to try and dilute it.
A little confusing to maneuver.
Easy to assemble and adjust. BUT, cannot get brakes to actually lock when buttons are in lock position.  Have to be super careful.  The worst thing, though, is the knee pad. It is not soft, and has grooves in it, so it actually puts impressions on your knee.  An accessory knee pad is an absolute necessity.  I would return this, but it is the only way i have to get around at all, and of course, this is during shelter-at-home during the Corona virus.
I use this product per dr recommendation to treat corneal edema, so when I don’t use this type of product, my eyes get very blurry. I will agree with other reviewers, this product is thicker and gloopier than competitors, however, in all the brands I have tried, I have never found one that keeps my eues clearer. I am really happy to have found this! No, it may not be the easiestmost comfortable to apply, but for me, it works!
Super cute and big! It was a gift and she loved it!
This little gadget works great! When smoke is blown through the device, NO smoke even comes out the other end. The only downside for me is that i am a pretty regular use smoker and the smokebuddy clogs up in about a month or on me. But they work so well i just keep buying new ones. It would wonderful if the company would release a model that allows for replaceable cartridges to be purchased rather than an entirely new unit every time it clogs.
When I got them I was very excited but when I open them and walked with then . It was so terrible the arm rest is so lose . And I just decided not to walk wit them . So something else in my attic
Fits the description
This is by far theeeeee BEST moisturizer!! I buy all that I see in the store & then I buy more- my husband has severe psoriasis & this is a relief. It’s thick but rubs in so smooth. My skin is soft until the next day!
We use in our apartment bedroom, for great sleep
I was excited to try this veggie wash, as I love every Plant Therapy product I’ve used thus far. Unfortunately it was open in the box and all over everything. I might try it again, but not until they package differently.
Perfect for its purpose and price!
Looks like the picture.
Flavor not as bad, as described.
Very good product ...Good for the money  it works better than expected.. Really good quality for the money..Will buy another one soon!
Beautiful.  I get compliments on it all the time.  And one of the sturdiest canes that I have ever had.
Sturdy, pretty, couldn’t be happier.  I’ve had this for about 2 months.
My son was so happy when we received these. You would have thought he won the lottery when he opened up the box. They were used as toys in and out of the bathtub and he loved &#34;washing&#34; the dirt off the planes with water. Out of all his new planes toys since then he still loves these the best. They were a great deal.
Good Product... Thank you.
Didn't work for me especially when on my feet 12 hrs. Nothing really works for pf
I searched for the best prices sticky rolls for my black scrubs and this did a great job. Not to impressed with the red flint comb because the rolled does a better job. But overall, I’d give this product a 5 and would buy again.
My skin is soft and my ancestors are pleased. Great bath sponge, not rough against my skin but still very exfoliating. Highly recommend.
Fantastic, just what I needed thank you
Overall it works as described however we quickly found that it is noisy. When plugged in the remote section of the cord makes a high pitch noise along with a deep clanging noise.
Fantastic cut! Leaves no jagged edges! Great buy!
Awesome! Heavy! Very good quality! It's so nice to have something to use for all my oils. Should probably get another one soon
Great product, helps with digestion and may help some with weight loss. For a few days so far so good.
Easy to use and looks great on many projects
Great size! I'm always cold so I sit with this on the couch behind me to keep me warm. My husband uses his for various other needs and we are both please with it. The large size is great but the material is best. We used to have to warm the old one up to just be able to manipulate and flatten it as it was the hard plastic material. This one is more blanket-like. Great purchase and was fsa eligible so even better!
All protein and high caffine &#34;energy&#34; powder samples with 2  &#34;fun size&#34; protein bars.  Even with the reimbursement this is not worth it.  Some of the powders have an intense amount of caffeine (350mg for the pineapple).  That is over 4 red bull drinks at once.  Be careful.
Ordered this necklace as a little gift for myself when I had my third child. I sing the Three Little Birds song by Bob Marley to my kiddos all the time so when I stumbled upon this I had to have it, especially for the price. I was expecting gumball machine quality but this far exceeded that!
I have the whole bentgo set but wanted a back up tray to put one in the dishwasher. Happy that the extra tray is offered. Unfortunately mine was cracked when it arrived so sent it back and only green was available. But my daughter doesn't seem to mind!
Used for foot stability
It works great for scrubbing but the 360 swivel action has a mind of it's own.  It does not stay in a locked position.
Used in athletic footwear that can get pretty smelly.  This stuff really does seem to do the job effectively.  I've tried other products but this one works best for us.  Easy to spray, no lingering odor.
Best pre effect of the cursed flavors by far
Love this thing wife is always loud shuts her up Nicely :)
I don't get the hype. After using this brush for 2 months I've decided that life is too short to use an inferior tool.I expect some shedding with a natural brush. I don't expect it to still be a daily issue after 2 months. The tangle in the bottom of my bowl was initially a bother and now I'm over it. I clean out this mass every few days but unfortunately a fair amount of soap gets cleaned out too, so my soap doesn't last as long as I would like.If you're the kind of guy who counts pennies or just likes to use a well-made product, make sure you add the cost of a replacement brush to your budget. I hate to throw out anything before the end of its life cycle but this brush is too frustrating to continue to use. I'm moving on.I give the product 1 star and the seller 1 star for outstanding communication. Without his excellent follow-up this would be a 1-star review.
not a bad pillow, worth a try.
I bought hoping to block husband snoring, which didn’t help well with that.  But took with me on a plane ride and it work amazing keeping light from overhead plus helped with using to try to rest.
Great scent and everyone likes it! May need to replace it earlier than we expected!
I love this diaper print! It's so cute otb!
Item was opened and looks to have had something stuck in there. Will not use. Waste of money.
Fantastic quality and great price!!!
We grilled the 12 lb burgers we got from the Treasure Truck and they were AMAZING! Everyone loved them. We just got the hot dogs and sausages today and I’ve heard good things about those, too. Can’t wait!
These are great on our mop. We love it for daily cleaning up of lifes messes.
Can't say it whitens well, but it leaves me with fresh breath.
This is great!
Worked great!
If I knew this replacement cover is this expensive I would ever put this item on my baby shower registry!
Love their products
works well great price. i am a nurse practitioner and this is easy to use and accurate. i recommend for anyone who needs to monitor their BP
One of the letters had a hole in it when we received it. We had to tape it for it to stay inflated.
I have used it before.
I was able to get this on an airplane with little trouble.  It was definitely better than your average airplane seat.  After an hour, hour and a half or so, my a** still started hurting though.  I think that the gel 'columns' that they use are able to collapse too easily, would be nice if they were more firm.  I also agree with other reviewers that it could be an inch or two wider.  I can't really review it lower then 3-4 stars though, I don't know exactly why my rump hurts so much when I sit, can't really blame this product for that!  The true test for me will be when I take it in the kayak in a few weeks.  That's the real reason I bought it.
as advertised
These are fantastic! I wish I had found these years ago. My only downside is they are full of powder and my skin is pretty sensitive to it.
This is a bit stronger because it does have alcohol…which is what I prefer as it works best for me.
Purchased these for my 92 yr. old dad. His room is tiled and these keep his feet warm and allow him to make trips to the bathroom without having to make the effort to put on slippers. These are not carried in walk in stores and so thank you Amazon for carrying these. I've purchased over 1 doz. pairs in the last few years.
Seems good quality
few times a day I add about 14 teaspoon to a small amount of water and it is pretty much tasteless.  Easy to take. I am using it for severe Joint Hypermobility Syndrome which results in loss of collagen.  The rheumatologist who diagnosed me suggested powder might be easier than pills and I went straight for powder.
I have been wanting to use both coconut oil and activated charcoal for my teeth, whitening and overall health. But I have a strong gag reflex making me nervous about the taste and consistency. I ordered this product and love it. I've had no issues with gaging like I worried using some of the ingredients in the product alone. It also works great to brighten up my teeth and leave them feeling fresh.
Works well. My dad was pleased.
In the bathtub, this product works great. It is much easier to use than the typical baby baths and can easily be used for an infant (in the reclining position) or an older baby (in the supported sitting position).  I love the fact that this takes up less room and makes it much easier to wash the baby directly in the bathtub. The bottom seat part has rubber grips to prevent any sliding and the pillow portion floats nicely.My issue with this product is the fact that it holds a ton of water (actually absorbs the water) and then takes over 24 hours to dry. I don't know why it wasn't made to be waterproof considering it's used in a bathtub.  That said, it is still a great alternative to the traditional baby bath. It takes up less space and allows the baby more freedom to move around during bath time.
Installed easily and has worked for several weeks now.  No complaints at all. Product did exactly what was expected.
my kid snacked his face with the lanyard and left a mark. Looking for less stretchy
This did clean my clothes on a recent trip to Europe but then my sister used it and her hands we wet so it turned into a lump we had to just use.  The direction very clearly state you must use with dry hands - so pay attention to that and you should like this product.
Hubby adds this to his daily smoothie of avocado, banana & kale.  This power has very little flavor so it's a great supplement without ruining the taste of the smoothie.
This is an upgrade from the cheap thin foamfabric shoe insoles. It has a nice arch support and adhesive to keep insole in place. The leather top also adds a premium feel.  I have 3 issues with this product. 1) It’s only a 23 to 34 long insole so your toes won’t have any cushioning. 2) Lining up the insole to my low boots was not easy since the insole is a bit narrower than the boots. I had to try several times before finding the best placement. It would have been easier with flats with their more open footbed. 3) The insole cushioning is limited due to the relatively thin insole. .
Noisy and ineffective. All it did was pull at my poor cats butt furs and make him real mad. The clipper guard was too long to even touch his hairs and the product came with no other sizes.
Added a scoop to protein or fruit smoothies and loved it. Drinking it plain in water is a bit much, but in milk or a non-dairy sub like vanilla soy or oat, it's delicious
Firm in both support and the cotton.
These are good if you need noise to sleep.PROSNatural air soundEasy Peasy to useCan adjust type of noise a bit and 2 settings on air speed, hence loudness.Small enough to travel wellCONSThey do wear out every couple of years.  Some more than others.  They develops a whining noise that I've not been able to stop with oil since it doesn't seem to be a part I can fix.Not as loud as other units that are digital with volume control.Somewhat overpriced I think for what it has.  It's a glorified fan.In the end, after using these for 10 years, my wife bought a &#34;LectroFan&#34; and likes it better for it's variety, volume control, it's louder by far (like 3x if you want) and is about the same travel size.  It's also digital, so probably won't wear out and whine as fast as a &#34;fan&#34; which is real mechanically driven.
For some reason the pharmacy we use dispenses our medicines in adult proof packaging. After a real struggle, we take the pills out of that and put them into these little bottles. We peel the labels off the pharmacy bottles or paper cartons and tape them to these.. The lids are easy to open, but stay shut in a pocket or purse. I would not recommend if you have children or grandchildren around.
Easy to use. Looks great. Very accurate.
Surprisingly worked well. My boyfriend has used on sun glasses when we've gone running and he's a big fan. His glasses never shifted or fell down his nose. Curious to see how it holds up in the summer heat though.
Don't leave home (country) without it.
feels exactly the same as my non-innovative curler with the non-innovative replacement rubber part. it bent my lashes just like the other does.
more spot it games. adults and kids will like this game. it's amazing how many times you don't see the match.
I normally just clean my mat with soap & water, but this method tends to make the mat too slippery, which is unsafe. This cleaner comes with a microfiber cloth, and it only takes a quick spray or two to cleanse the entire surface without losing grip. I would recommend this product to anyone who regularly uses a mat.
This wrapping paper is great quality and super cute!
I was expecting a higher quality product for the price I paid - this is a standard sponge in a low quality!
Works perfect for my needs. I have to take daily medication and it holds a bunch of pills and takes up so much less space then trying to carry around each bottle.
The handle feels good and sturdy. They cut well, i can't complain about them at all. overall solid purchase.
This is a much firmer roller than the foam ones I've used before but I love it for that reason. I use this for exercise and stretching and find that it rolls great along a yoga mat even on a carpeted floor.  The logo on the end is cute but it's also only branded on that 1 end which I find really tasteful. Looks great with my foam yoga blocks () in the living room tucked under the chair too; if I have something that is beautiful, functional and available I am more likely to use it!If you want or need a foam roller that is soft, has a lot of give or that feels like a back massage, then this is not gonna be your jam but for helping to intentionally release muscle tension for a deeper stretch this is my go to!
It was strongly recommended to buy this when have total knee replacement but I found that I could just as easily slide on my pants and socks and that that stretching helped improve muscle tone.  For those with a back back or who simply cannot reach their shoes and socks, it can be a helpful tool.
Keeps everything organized and reminds me to take my pills.
This is the fourth product like this that I have tried. Two of them did nothing, one gave minimal positive results but this is amazing! I’m into my second order and each time I’ve taken it it has worked as advertised. I had to only give a five star rating but would like to give it a six because that’s what it’s given me.Will be buying more.
It was strongly recommended to buy this when have total knee replacement but I found that I could just as easily slide on my pants and socks and that that stretching helped improve muscle tone.  For those with a back back or who simply cannot reach their shoes and socks, it can be a helpful tool.
As a person with a 40-year history of allergies, I honestly consider myself an expert on tissues.  In fact, I generally opt for paper towels as my go-to tissue simply for their durability (I generally do not care about the texture or feel).  I found the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS to be a refreshing approach to the standard box of tissues in that they not only hold-up when used, they have silky texture that glides the tissue across the skin.WHAT MAKES THESE TISSUE STAND OUT?My constant need for having a tissue (or ten) on hand at any given moment has led to a more unconventional approach … using paper towels.  The main reasons why I’ve opted for such a heavy duty approach are that most every tissue I’ve ever used presented three issues I couldn’t stand:  1) they easily blew apart and created a mess, 2) they had little to no absorption quality and 3) they were super dry and always left “tissue dust” on my upper lip (especially if I didn’t shave that day).  A paper towel was so much easier to deal with, especially if you could not readily throw the tissue away after use.The KLEENEX ESPRESSIONS is a big step in the direction I was looking for in a tissue as all three of my issues are simultaneously addressed with this product.  First, the tissues are not dry at all and leave no paper remnants on my upper lip after use.  Coconut oil and aloe are “infused” into the tissue and generate a silky feel that is not moist, but not dry.  The tissue glides across the skin smoothly and does not leave any residue.  Additionally, the constitution of these tissues allows them to be stronger and more absorptive that most tissues I have previously used.  In other words, they do not blow apart and generate a nasty mess after use.While I am still reliant on my paper towel square as a standard pocket handkerchief, for those with less heavy-duty needs, the KLEENEX EXPRESSIONS with the lotion infused in the tissue offers a high degree of comfort and durability.  For the common cold or sinus infection where constant tissue use turns your nose raw, this tissue would certainly be my recommendation.
Great for long flights. Worked great. I would suggest wearing another pair of normal sock over because these are thin and have no cushion.
I tried out more expensive products and this one works just as well. The only thing that is kind of annoying is that it changes directions of the movement every 60 seconds without you telling it to. Heat works great. Overall really great product.
The champaign glasses kept deflating.
Doesn't work at all! Save your money
These are worthless. They don’t fly at all and barely spin when an adult tries to make it spin so there’s little chance for a child to have any kind of fun with these.
Instead of receiving the white set as shown in the photo, I received the black ones which comes apart in the middle.  The manufacturing is bad, as the wires are easily pulled apart at the slightest snag.  I had received two of these within 2 months.  Could use a stronger wire build.
Such a soft and silky pillow case.  It is satin and will not slip off with the hidden zipper. I used it to take a nap and I slept like a baby.  My long hair was not all messed up either.So luxurious and a premium quality pillow case.I would also like to say that whenever I provide any reviews I always take my time and make sure I understand and have used the product in order to give an educated review. As an Amazon customer, I know how annoying and difficult it is when reviewers can’t be trusted. It's important to note here that I received this product at discounted price for my honest and unbiased review. Still I try my best to provide all the useful details in the review rather than misrepresenting a product’s quality in order to please a seller and I know good sellers always look for true feedback. At last, if my review ishelpful for you please press the vote button to provide your feedback. Thank You!!
Very Prompt service.Love this product.Clothes smell and feel great!
Definitely great when the husband is in the doghouse! Who needs a man? Hands don’t cramp, no weird position. You can lay back and just enjoy. Quite phenomenal! No actual work! Very easy set up and has many different speeds and settings.
My husband made the mistake of thinking he didn't need to clean stainless steel bottles if he only drank water out of them. He figured rinsing was good enough. Then he looked inside the bottle with a flash light. This product saved his bottles! I use it on my daughter's hydroflask, does a great job. I wish the handle was a little longer and the brush part was a little bigger, but it works.
My daughter has some blood sugar issues that seem to be resulting in dry mouth. This toothpaste has made a difference.
I broke 3 in a row, tossed them away
Draws only 18watts. I attached to my Goal Zero Yeti 150 and it worked perfectly!  Gets hot enough to handle quick touch-ups, but if you aren't in a hurry, can do full head too. Each pass of the wand causes the unit to cool but in just a few seconds heats back up.Would buy again if necessary
Daughter loved was broken when received.
Colorful, sturdy, securely closing top, easy to find bright color!
The gloves are soft, wash up nicely. Serve the purpose of hand lotion treatment at night very well. They come in small boxes, making it easy to pack and take with. Thanks!
Lid piece was cracked the first time we used it. Returning. Maybe we got a dud- but lid appears to be cheaply made.
This is the only tool I've ever found that removes the water ring in our toilets.  Works beautifully.  We also have water rings around our kitchen sink drain and it takes it off immediately.
Nice Strong pump(I have two one purched from here and one from another online vendor). Moves more coolant than I had anticipated. Right now I have the pump maxed but I will be taking it down to a lower setting. I don't need the flow that it is set on now. I have two of the pumps tied in a series using the Koolance RP-452X2 Dual 5.25&#34; Reservoir. had a AIO pump die on me in the past, So this series setup should allow for redundancy.
On time and as described
very comfortable.. and for the ridiculously LOW price, not falling apart after a month or two.i will easily by more of these when i DO break ones i have, or wife takes them.come with slim cases and glass retainer cords.almost 5 star, really, for the price and quality so far.. but, i reserve 5 star for "perfect" items.. ;-)
I had my gallbladder removed a few years ago and frequently experience nausea and indigestionheartburn. I have tried a ton of natural remedies and medication but nothing helped. Bought these a few weeks ago and have been taking them daily. They keep the nausea at bay and on my bad days help you make my nausea bearable so I am not dry heaving. I have also noticed I haven’t had any indigestion after eating when I take these in the morning. My only complaint is the capsules sometimes get stuck at the back of my throat so make sure you take a drink then put the pill in and get a big gulp of water down with it. Hopefully this helps anyone else who has had their gallbladder removed and still having issues!
Great price for so many. I love dreft. Use it on regular clothes not just the babies stuff. It literally gets out most stains we have from wine to spaghetti sauce and everything kids can get into in between like slime and dirt
The picture of the product is completely misleading! This looks like a gold and orangish red and it is not! In actuality you are getting orange and a very dark red! I was going to use this for a tiger face palette because the white often can be a problem in the orange yellow and white palette. Don't know what I will use this for! I love the quality of the paints by this company so I will find a use for them!
I don't know why people were complaining about set up. I set my scale on a hard floor, and it took me all of 10 seconds to connect it, and then it told me to weigh myself. It was absolutely easy.The sleek design is so attractive! The bottom of the scale is covered in a bubble look and it really does look futuristic. This connected nicely to my Fitbit, and My Fitness Pal. Infact, I weighed myself, and it auto uploaded without me touching a button. So that was nice.I'm really glad I invested the money for this scale. It seems to be accurate, seeing as how I was just weighed at the doctors office 1 week ago and have lost a few lbs off that number. Which I am trying to do. So as far as accuracy goes, this seems to be right on key.I need to keep it hidden from my kids though because it says not to be used by anyone under 10. And the look is just too tempting.The display is nice! It recognizes you by the account you set up and calls you by your initials. You can also set up multiple users. I am really happy with this purchase. ( So far :)UPDATE may 6 2014.  Got on the scale this morning and it read one weight.  Which I thought was impossible.  So I got back on.  It was 4 lbs down.  Huh?  Got on again... 2 lbs up.  Got on again.  1.2 lbs down.  This scale is messed up, and I am returning it.  I know my body fluctuates but not like this... And not in a 5 min time frame.  The scale integrates nicely with MFP, but make sure you watch it for inconsistencies. Mine is a white one.  And I originally really liked it.  However, I've weighed myself only a handful of times since I got it, and it fluctuates like mad
Works great!
Pretty expensive, but does the job.
These are true to what they are supposed to do, however it took me about 10 minutes to get the purple out of my sink and my 9 year old son almost 35 minutes to get *most* of the purple out of his mouth even after mouth wash good brushing and flossing. Sadly he asked to stay haome from school tomorrow if his mouth is still purple. Definitely only use half a tablet if you are going to use these and run water in the sink while spitting and rinsing.
Pretty expensive, but does the job.
These are true to what they are supposed to do, however it took me about 10 minutes to get the purple out of my sink and my 9 year old son almost 35 minutes to get *most* of the purple out of his mouth even after mouth wash good brushing and flossing. Sadly he asked to stay haome from school tomorrow if his mouth is still purple. Definitely only use half a tablet if you are going to use these and run water in the sink while spitting and rinsing.
I'll keep this review simple. Weight. 155Pro:Size is good.Feels really good.Top material seems ok.Cons:No arch support.( Not the biggest deal considering how comfortable they are.)Not built to last.155lbs, I wear a rubber boot with a thin insole & this insole on top of that. I got about 11 days out of them.The heels went out on the 3rd & 4th dayThe forefoot part lasted the rest of the time, i walk on on my forefoot so even though the heels went out they still felt good.I will upload pics when i bring them home. Great idea but not made for work.
Love the size. It can be crammed to the gills with everything a home medical kit could need. Its great to have for traveling. In it I have pain and fever reducers, aspirin, acetaminophen, naproxen  sodium, allergy relief, gloves, masks, scissors, band aids, wound patches, laxative pills, gauze rolls, cough and cold syrups, peroxide, antibiotics, antibiotic ointment, Anti-itch cream, boil ointment, petroleum jelly, rubbing alcohol, cotton balls, antibacterial hand soap, hand sanitizers. I think that covers everything. AND there is still a little more room for more soft type products. SO, even though when you get it, it might look small, once you fill it up, it makes a SUPER portable and travel ready kit. The price is right and it is made very nice! Recommended!
Does not fit over handles as it should and I have a standard walker.  Very disappointed
Very quiet, definately cleans the air.
Good Product Fast Delivery
I have been having problems with my stomach so someone suggested I try this. I tried it today, mixing it with some Dasani water enhancer added to a 14 cup of water.  It doesn't taste bad at all this way. So, so far so good.....  I will report back on whether it is helping my stomach and if there are any side effects.  Thanks.Suwanee
Whoever invented this has given a gift to all caregivers. I have a 41 year old son who is like a 3 month old and with these I can diaper him even though I have many health problems of my own. If you are a caregiver to an adult this is a must have
Bought this for my disabled son I tried it first and liked it so much that I ordered one for myself. Finally a brush that works.
Still trying to figure out not much curl but could be my fault
This provides great comfort and warmth. It is a bit heavy for me, though.
I love these, very clean eating and easy to transport because they do not melt in the heat. I carry one with me at all times.
Grand Daughter loves it
I really can't tell any difference and it is noisy. I bought it for litter box smell. I really cannot tell any difference.
You cannot curl lashes with this product, but the customer service is great, I returned without any problems
Awesome massager. I have a broken toe and it hurts from time to time especially a long day of walking. It feels so much better after a couple rounds of massaging it. I didn't mess with the setting, but just a push of the power button, it starts right away and provide instant relief. Kinda miss it now that I am not around home and won't be able to use it.
it works fine!
feels very supporting on my foot
For a Gift
These restrict airflow, so you wake up in the middle of the night with a headache cause you can’t breathe
TASTES AWFUL. Hope it works to steady my gait
This product is very thin. If you are looking for something thin this is the way to go.
We live on a mint farm in the forest with lots of bugs, and a pool.  So, this has been a real hit for my grandchildren and me!  I also bought some for my grand kids to use at home.  We live in the south near the water and beaches. Mosquitoes and gnats are our &#34;state bird&#34; and we live in the sun-- so this is a hit.
What fun. My daughter and granddaughters are in roller derby, so they can go a little crazy with their hair for bouts. This is nice quality hair chalk with vivid colors--a virtual palette that's unbeatable.
 This is a very nice (for the $$) shaver that has multiple functions.  The kit includes the following accessories:1. Rotary Nose Trimmer2. Eyebrow Trimmer & Comb3. Shaving Head4. Beard & Sideburns Trimmer & Guard5. Cleaning BrushAfter opening the box and reviewing the instructions, I tested each of the available accessories.  All work as expected.  My husband tested the nose hair trimmer and said it was effective and easy on the nose.  I was able to remove all of the pesky hairs on my chin using the shaver head and it was perfect - resulted in a smooth shave and no razor bumps.  The eyebrow comb was easy to use and did the job.  I definitely will use this when I am traveling as it is convenient and compact.  This will also make a great gift for others.  The heads are easy to remove - a counter clockwise twist and the accessories interchange.  The unit does not come with a AA battery.  Only one battery is required.  Overall, this shaver is a good buy.  The shaver seems to be made of quality materials and is perfect for those annoying hairs that seem to appear as you get older.
these scales are stylish. they are easy to clean and are very accurate. The only thing I don't care for is the LED display is hard to see during daylight hours.
Cute Yoda looks just like pics however doesn’t stay on to well and toothpaste gets clogged and crusty in it.
This was recommended by my dentist.  I'm happy I can get these refills at Amazon.
We order these about every two months for our puppy.Love them and they stay on great.
I was using a different brand of strips which I can no longer find on Amazon....they worked amazing..Decided to try these and all I can say is “meh”They’re okay but not great. Def don’t work like the other ones I had. I won’t re order.... I’ll be trying some other brands.
just received it today. have used it twice already. It's amazing. It really feels good. strong massage without being too much. the heat is just right.  so far I am in love with this little dynamo
Work well
I went to sri lanka... I used it everyday there... I LOVE this stuff... smells great! ... and I didn't get bit a single time :)
Well, I wanted to get some sort of benefit from these... But they're useless. I don't believe in the &#34;Copper&#34; voodoo, but thought there would be some stability offered - there isn't, I thought maybe some benefit from the compression - there isn't. These do not stay up. Any movementwalking causes these to simply work their way down ur legs. This was not a worthwhile purchase at all....
Not a single change!
It took me a while to figure out how to really use these. Basically the idea is just to push in (much like fingernails). The problem is you have to push pretty hard and they can easily hurt you. It's not really easier than pushing your skin with your fingernails unfortunately. I will keep trying to get better with them. However if you have easily broken skin I would suggest being very, very careful in attempting these.
These are great for cleaning plastics, lineoleum, refrigerator doors, etc. The price is right on Amazon. Be cautious using them on cleaning paint. They can take the paint off or soften it. They are perfect on hard, non porous surfaces.
I use it as a toner at night but also as a makeup remover (i dont use to much makeup). I will be buying it frequently.
Wow...this is great stuff!  If you've ever used a product like Armor All wipes, you'll recognize the type of material being used.  It's nice seeing the bare micro fiber in a convenient package for so cheap.
bunches and causes friction...
This works well with shoes that are a bit larger.  If you use this with a fitted shoe - the pressure is worse on the area.
Useful for incapacitated people.
I used this to remove a medium-deep scratch from a Citizen Eco-drive watch with a sapphire crystal. I was not optimistic. However, after about three to four applications, the scratch was nearly gone, and the rest of the crystal looked markedly better! Watch the video before using, as it is a little complicated and time-consuming, but we'll worth the somewhat expensive price and effort!
Amazing little machine. Really gets the job done! I highly recommend.
Use WEN products.  Not a fan of the almond mint so I try different fragrances when available.
I loved the convenience for travel.  It dissolved beautifully in my morning coffee and had no taste at all.  And I like the fact that it comes from grass fed cows.I've been taking collagen for my fingernails and they are getting stronger.  They continued to get stronger on this collagen but I only used 7 packs so it's hard to say if they helped but it did not hurt.  It's pretty expensive so I might not use it for everyday but for travel the  effectiveness, taste, and convenience might be worth the extra cost.
At first I loved it because I could breathe more easily but after a while it didn't feel that comfortable - kind of pressed against my nose, not painfully, but  I was just aware of some pressure.  Also when I took off the mask I had to find a place to put the shield, it  wouldn't stay inside the mask so there were now 2 things to keep track of.  I'm on the fence about this - it does keep the mask cleaner, no lipstick stains, and it does allow you to breathe but I felt I had to keep adjusting it to try and make it pleasanter to wear.  Tried it upside down and right side up but it always seemed to press against my nose .  It fit nicely inside most masks - both homemade and  disposable ones.  I will be so happy when we don't have to wear masks any more.  It's hard for me to hear at the best of times and the mask straps get caught on my hearing aids and sometimes pull them out of my ears .... but I digress.
One night my smoke alarm decided to chirp around 4 a.m.  Too tired to get out the ladder and change the battery, I tried this mask and earmuff set.  I am already hard of hearing and did not have my hearing aids in.  With the earplugs in and the earmuffs on, I could still hear the chirps.  I also found the whole contraption very tight and uncomfortable even when I adjusted the straps to their longest.  I am a woman with an average size head.  I am glad this set helped so many people but wonder why it did not help me at all.  It is lovely silk, very soft ,and ought to be comfortable but for me it was not.
Just what I was looking for.  The curling iron has several settings to control heat and time.  It is easy to use and the curls last.
This is a good basic mask.  People who want more decoration can use post earrings, as I do.
I was very impressed on how great this tasted when prepared as normal spaghetti.  Great for those looking for low carb solutions with added healthy choices.
I love this thing. I have a messed up foot from a call several months ago and this really helps when it gets tight or painful. The pressure is great-I vary it depending on needs. I use it approximately once a day and have had no problems. I use the heat occasionally and it is meh.
Zero flavor and has made my nails grow thick and strong and I've never had good nails before. I mix it into my matcha latte every morning and it doesn't affect the taste or texture at all.
I was using cloth diapers and my son got a bad rash so I used some A&D ointment and it seemed like it was taking forever.  I found out about Weleda Calendula Diaper Care from my German Doula and bought some and it was amazing.  It cleared the rash in about 3 days and it was a bad rash.  I am always going to use this. Every parent should have a bottle of this in their home.
Does the job
Definitely don't drink it straight from the bottle. Burned my throat and it was sore for three days.
I have been using the tool for a month already and it works great to pickup trash from neighborhood no matter small or big. I have fun cleaning the neighborhood. Hate to see the streets dirty.
At the beginning I was reluctant to believe that omega-3 will help directly in my dry eyes but I am glad to say that actually works. I have Sjogrens and my eyes are very dry during the flare ups. I have being using this for 15 days already and it is working. I am happy with the quality of the product. The pills are dark, and I think this retards oxidation of the oil and I don't have fish-burps afterwards. Thank you!
I was skeptical about the effectiveness of this supplement, but after using it for a few weeks, I can confidently say that it has significantly improved my cognitive abilities.One of the most impressive features of Cervello is its unique formula that combines natural and synthetic ingredients, providing a balanced and effective approach to memory improvement. The blend includes well-known compounds such as ginkgo biloba and Bacopa monnieri, along with other lesser-known substances that have been scientifically proven to support memory function.What I appreciated the most about Cervello was how it delivered noticeable results without any adverse side effects. I didn't experience any jitters, nausea, or headaches that are commonly associated with other memory-enhancing supplements. Instead, I felt more focused, alert, and capable of retaining information, whether it was at work or in my personal life.Overall, I highly recommend Cervello to anyone looking for a safe and effective way to improve their memory. This pill is a game-changer for those who value their cognitive health and are looking for a science-backed solution to enhance their mental capacity.
These were really decent toothbrushes. They came in individual tubes for traveling, and the bristles were sure soft. It did a great job of cleaning my teeth. It did not feel like your everyday toothbrush. The bristles were thin, but they were very tightly intertwined. It was a very unique brush head that felt more like a sponge on the brush head. It did a great job overall, and was really safe for tooth enamel.
These hair trimmers cut my hair very efficiently. They gave my hair a smooth and even trim. The motor proved very powerful and did not slow down at all. With a great battery life, and very sharp blades they surprisingly did not irritate my skin. These professional trimmers are much better than most any that I have ever used. They are a precision instrument and were well engineered. Great design and even better followthrough.
I love this little guy. It is a very easy to use heated mat. It warms my feet in no time. It is very straight forward and made of premium materials that will last a long time. The temperature control is very convenient to change by foot, and my cold feet are now quickly warmed anytime I want.
Work perfectly in my Sally Hansen curler. The feel isn't as nice as the original that came with the curler but I received a whole bunch of them for less than the curler which is how it should be. The ones I received were very colorful, pink, blue, green...no black. But I don't really care as long as they fit.
I have only used the high heel pad for the front of my feet. And they were amazing. So comfortable. Heels that I couldnt wear for more than an hour. I wore all night.
Looks like a 2nd hand item that I'd buy at a thrift shop or a dollar store.
I searched for a good amount of time looking for vegan gummy fiber vitamins for my 3 year old.  He loves them and looks forward to eating them!  He thinks they are candy!!
Smells decent. Not gross like others
I love to give myself pedicures but this spa bath didn’t even turn on after I prepared the water and stuff and plugged it up
Best deal . Will buy again
This is the third time I've either bought or been gifted Oak & Navy bibs and I love them.  Everyone in my mother's group raves about them too.  The designs are so cute and can be matched to any outfit.  The little cowl neck helps catch drool and random bits of food!  They're lovely quality and a must for any stylish little tot.
They are beautiful and exactly like pic
My two year old son really enjoys this !
This is the best callus remover tool I have tried so far. It comes with a box of 80 sanding pads, and one pad can last several uses depending on what you have going on on the bottom of your feet. I tried it for the first time last night and my feet have never been softer. I have used chemical callus remover, I have a giant foot rasp that removes dead skin, I have the manual foot sanders; you name it, I've tried it.  But this thing beats all of them. My heels are currently just as soft as my toddler's feet and I'm 40 years old. The place where I get my pedicures done uses this tool as well, but they only use it on your feet for 5 seconds, slap some lotion on and they're done. I used it on thick problem areas for quite some time (with dry feet) and it really got it all off. It will stop if you press too hard but resumes as soon as you decrease that a little. Anyway, money well spent.
Love it, takes a little getting used to, like brushing your teeth with a great tasting dirt.
I needed a new shaker bottle and decided to give this one a try.  I've used this for a few days now and I am very satisfied with my purchase.  It's leakproof, which is good considering I throw it in my gym bag.  The blender ball works just as well as any other blender ball out there.  I really like the non-slip grip that they put on the sides (finger grove area) and the bottom of the bottle.  It really helps with not dropping the bottle when there is condensation all over it.  My only wish is that there was a ring or a loop or something on the bottle to make it a little easier to hold.
.. means cute. I mainly bought it for the nostalgia. It doesn’t hold a lot of q-tips in it.
I love these.  I worry a lot about traditional sponges and germs and saw these and thought why not try them. They are amazing and so easy to disinfect. My favorite feature is that one has a built in scraper which is perfect for my stoneware cookware. The little hooks are a nice added touch. I gave one to my mom and she is hooked!
Bottle lid was broken 😒. Other than that, good product.
I found this at CVS while on vacation with a very sick 1 and 6 year old. I was on an island with very limited choices. I didn't want to slather my children in Vicks, so I thought I would give this a shot. I used it exclusively on their feet. After applying I put socks on them. The coughing almost disappeared. It was amazing! We had almost a whole night of sleeping without coughing. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. The smell was not overbearing like Vicks.
These fit perfectly and work very well!
Blows every other foot file out of the water!!!
I got the glasses for my brother in law and they are exactly what he was looking for and they look very nice!!
Can’t get over the taste. Tried mixing it in smoothies but nothing can mask the flavor. Tastes like grass.
The band I received from WITHit was the molded style (not decal) and is amazing!  I get tons of compliments on it.  It fits my pebble time perfectly.  The colors are exactly as pictured.  It matches pretty much everything.  Highly recommend.
Definitely one of the best natural sunscreens out there! And I have tried many! It rubs in well (of course it has a different texture than chemical sunscreen) without leaving a white film, smells great and works awesome! We just gave it the real test in the Florida sun and water! No sunburn👍
I loved every thing about the headband and ear plugs. Items look just like the picture. We use this for bath time. My son has tubes.
well satisfied.
Light smell. Dark in color. My hair isn't so heavy when I mix oil with leave in conditioner
These are similar to the ones sold on the cruise ship I took last year but at 110 of the price. I could not make a comparison since I never used the other ones but these arch supports do a good job. Happy with the purchase.
I love Method products! We were always huge Tide fans, but I tried Method once and had to make the switch.  Great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking &#34;newer&#34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  Very nice, subtle fragrance.  Bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  Easy to dispense.
I love Method products! We were always huge Tide fans, but I tried Method once and had to make the switch.  Great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking &#34;newer&#34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  Very nice, subtle fragrance.  Bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  Easy to dispense.
This brush is great at gently cleaning produce.  We use it almost ever week and replace them about once a year (when the bristles wear out).
They work!
This bottle is only for 7 servings, not the regular 23 serving. Buyer beware, they are charging the same price for the 7 servings as the normal 23 serving cost. I do love this product however not willing to pay such an inflated cost at almost $4.50 per scoop!!!!
just get it, not cheap but i see it as an investment on our health!
Nice but did not come with the colors shown.
Love that this is compostable!  Gets way more junk out of my teeth than Glide Floss (TMI, I know!)
The plates are extra tiny and super flimsy. Cups are also very small. The banners are cute, napkins are fine, but overall, the set is pretty disappointing.
great price for so many items
I have Yorkies with notoriously bad teeth. I bought this item to try to help keep them clean. It said for small dogs so I bought it. Not sure what they consider “small” but this toy is huge and bigger around than their mouths. It has a gross plastic smell. Neither dog would get near it. I’m giving it to the neighbor for her big dogs.
I have several pairs of sandals with rubber bottoms that I was going to have to dump (like a previous pair) if I didn't protect the heal. Shoe repair places wanted more than what the shoe cost and they only had black heal guards.  So I purchased these and found a local store that would fix them for $10. I don't think this is a product you can do it yourself and have a satisfactory result compared to going to a professional.
The scrubber is very soft and dispersed my body bath soap luxuriously.  There are four in a packet and I have only used one three times, therefore, it is difficult to say how long it will last.
These aren’t even close to buff puff. You might as well use cotton.
I have an arthritic neck and muscle; tension which cause me great discomfort, to the point that it affects my appetite, make me dizzy and so miserable I don't feel like doing anything that requires movement, especially walking.  This neck warmer is almost perfect for me.  I heat it in the microwave oven for 2 12 minutes, it heats evenly, the clay beads retain the heat long enough that I can fall asleep and wake up feeling fine.  My only suggest9on:  make the back  wider, so it reaches better those muscles between the shoulder blades.
I have used and loved this product for years but it was a little green pill.  Didn't notice when I ordered but these new ones are capsules.  They don't seem to work as well for me and wonder if the ingredients have changed?
The electric cord could be longer, but other than that, my boyfriend likes it. It heats up well, and relieves his neck and back pain. Being able to button it up to keep it in place is definitely a plus.
I like this product.  Low Sugar low Carbs.  Good for low carb diet
These work well. Inflation is easy and completely adjustable.
I ordered this for my grandpa who moves around the house in his wheelchair. This was great for transition in floor from hallway to kitchen as he had trouble moving on the threshold. We liked it so much we are ordering another one for another area in the house.
Nice gift with every too needed.
useless product
Love it!!
I loved the shakes so much so I thought I would try these bars.  I did not like them at all.  They had a really strange taste and texture. I’ll continue to order the shakes, but won’t be reordering these.
great- do the job for decorations or presents
I immediately put these in a small crock pot and got them really hot, too hot at first. They hold heat really well, long after you are ready to move on. I dripped some essential oils on them and I think they absorbed them. These are about the size of your whole palm. One of my kids dropped one and it didn't break. Thank goodness.
I purchased this replacement bulb for my SLVR410.  This is not the same model as the SLV410.  The bulbs I ordered and received had the plug on the outside of the ring rather than the inside of the ring and were unusable.  That said, I went straight to the manufacturer and they explained the problem to me and sent me the correct bulb for the SLVR410 which is replacement part number FB681.
This degreaser is as described ! Very happy with the purchase.
Love this it works great and I carry into my office and use it all day long.  Perfect for the car.
Large enough for a few days worth of toileties. Dries quickly, zipper is excellent quality.
I have underactive thyroid and am losing my hair.  Not only has this reduced the amount of hair loss, I can see it filling it!  I just ordered another bottle!!
I'm choosing to announce here, on Amazon, my newly developed mineral enhanced, spiritually cleansed &#34;Cruciform Water&#34;. We follow around actual Catholic Priests and collect their Holy Urinary Output from public toilets near cathedrals and universities. We figure if you are gullible enough to buy this overpriced blender you......Uh, sorry, had a moment of truth telling. Unlike the makers of this machine. Back to peddling BS, much as Nanowell is...Only &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; has spent hours within the ultimate vessel of Holiness, an actual Catholic Priest! Infused with Priestly essence &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; will cure gout, crabs, dysentery, boils, scabies, despotic tendencies and wealth...uh...thirst. &#34;Cruciform Water&#34; is available in 2, 4 and 6 ounce sizes at the low, low price of only $599 per ounce. But our special Amazon Introductory price (because even WE can't charge that much) is only $399, a savings of more than TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS! Buy in bulk and SAVE!Seriously, this is a ripoff. Don't bother. Water is water, folks.
I use this scale for everything - not just food. Very accurate and versatile.
Seems to work well for congestion and digestion.
Even nicer in person than the photos, would definitely give as a gift, super cute
I'm fond of this lotion. It's definitely a good alternative to Jergans for dry skin. I usually use lotion on my feet, especially in winter, and I'm getting comparable results to standard Jergens. I also really like the scent of this lotion -- it's pleasant, but a little stronger than I like.
Wow, I wasn't expecting this dual sided silicone body brush to be as amazing as it is. I use the same amount of body wash as usual, and lots of soft foam is produced. The bristles are soft, but very effective (even if they don't feel that way at first!) The other side is nubby and works nicely for feet, knees, etc. It's a little heavy, but not overly. Dries quickly, and I can even sanitize it!
I have thrown away my typical 3 way buffers. This takes all those steps and turns them into one. Plus, you rinse it and it's good to go again, unlike the one time use a buffer gives me.This also shapes my natural nails to a smooth snag free edge.Only one side of this has 'grit' - but, the edges are rounded and super smooth so I can get close to the skin and cuticle without any issues, pains or nicks.It's super smooth, but very effective. I wouldn't use this to shine often, use sparingly!, because it works so well.Compact size, great cover, and perfect to carry in my bag.
I love to take a nice weekend nap, but our house gets a surprising amount of sunlight. Also when taking a day nap, my eyelashes end up all squashed and wonky, with no time to try and tame them back to un-smooshed length and curl.These silk sleep masks solve both of those major nap issues. They keep the light out, while being oh so comfortable to wear. I don't notice them, they are light not too tight and don't shift. The silk also keeps my lashes from squishing, they just glide over the silk.So comfortable, so nice looking and feeling, I feel like a 50s screen star, I'm just a glamorous napper.
This is fantastic. It does not leak, the rubber bladder keeps the water hotwarm for a really long time, and it's a great size.The cover looks just like a pretty night sky, and is really soft. I actually thought it was neoprene at first, but it's just the tactile feel from the rubber bladder inside.Large opening makes it easy to fill. I heat up water on the stove, and before it hits boiling is my ideal starting temp. My kids prefer the heat lower, but I like knowing that it hasn't stressed under the hotter water I use.Classic, comfortable and a great item to have for so many different things!
My son is an absent minded gamer, as in things that plug in often come up missing or suddenly stop working. So when he asked for a gaming headset I really didn't want to drop a lot of money, when in reality he does not need super fancy, just a decent quality that is highly durable and functional.These fit the bill perfectly. He loves them. I've played with them myself and am duly impressed. The sounds is good, the noise isolation is great, and the head set is clear on the other end.This keeps him from yelling at his phone while face timing and playing a multiplayer on his computer.Better yet it lights up, and while definitely a little gimmicky, he loves that little extra flair.I would get another pair of these, the price and quality are worth it!
I got these specifically to clean the interior of my car such as the door panels and center console. I didn't realize how dirty they were until I used these.
It has helped grind down my callus and for that I am pleased.  I like the power with the corder mechanism, although I misplaced the cord at one time and was wishing I had a battery model.  Too bad they don't have the cord welded to the unit, rather than the push type.  But it is what it is.
I'm allergic to the preservative in most contact solutions.  My eye doctor told me to start using this literally 15 years ago, and I've never looked back. Contacts are always clean, with no stinging.  MAKE SURE you always let this solution neutralize before putting your contact lenses in your eyes again - following the instructions is VERY important if you don't want a chemical burn.My only complaint is the lid is specifically designed to waste as much product as possible - it will keep squirting long after you've stopped squeezing.  This can actually be incredibly dangerous since the solution cannot come in contact with your eyes.  Really wish the manufacturer would address this.  I spray myself in the face accidentally all the time...luckily after I've put my glasses on.
Not a lot to say because it's so simple, but it works perfectly well and is great for people with fobs or separate keys they need to get apart quickly.
There are many reasons I like these plugs. They're discreet, comes with me everywhere I go, and they work. When I put these on correctly, it diminishes ambient noise while articulating speech. I bought them after a hearing injury, and I wish I had these then. For the price, it's a great investment. The only downside has been knowing when they're on correctly without jamming them into my ear. I have used them a few times and am now getting the hang of them. When I'm done, I try to clean them with soap and water, dry them off, and put them back into the canister.To you, informed shopper, if you don't end up buying downbeats, please buy a decent pair of earplugs today, if you don't have one. You never know when that next event, bar, club, lounge, party, or concert will leave you with irreversible damage.
Love, but a bit on the heavy side
I am an older man. I have tried MANY types of socks. These are the very BEST I have ever used!! They are just the perfect fit. Nice and wide. Nice and tall! Perfect amount of springiness. I had a tiny concern and their customer service is MOST WONDERFUL in how they treated me. They are a family owned business that has the customer's satisfaction at the top of their priority list.  These socks are worth every penny. (Can you tell that I am a Happy Camper?) i HAD to add some additional information that might help others. People that suffer from peripheral Neurophy  know that some days you just do NOT want to or need to wear the heavy duty support stockings. These naturally are not designed to be support stockings,  HOWEVER I find that they are absolutely amazing for light support they come upo to almost the knee.  They have  just the right amount of elastic to keep them up. All and all the best socks I have ever owned.
I have been using the Skidmore products for years and have had only superb success with it. As an example, years ago I bought a butcher block dining room table. It had a natural light "oiled" finish. Something other than polyurethane. I got the "bright idea" that I should re-coat it with a popular semi-gloss polyurethane coating. What a disaster. It looked ok for a few months then went downhill from there. Probably something I did in error during application to be honest. After looking at it for years I sanded off the poly and phoned the ownerinventor of the product who is more than willing to give one on one advice that is very nice. Got simple instructions and I followed them. Now the table literally looks BETTER than the day I bought it. This is great stuff for sure. And, a little goes a long way too. I am absolutely not a carpenter or cabinet maker, but this product makes me look like one. You can't go wrong as long as you read and follow the instructions. My highest recommendation!
I like the lamps but the bases don't hold in the lamps well & the bulbs blow in days.  I would buy again but be prepared to put them together and purchase extra bulbs. I make sure to turn them off at night because if the quality.
This white noise machine isn't that great. The sound loops are probably acceptable to most but the actual volume of this unit is low even at the highest settings. It's usb-c at least which is nice but other than that I wouldn't recommend this white noise machine.
These ear plugs kept my ear canals dry while swimming which is important since I've had issues with infections in the past. Unfortunately at this price point they're hard to recommend even though they come with the lanyard and a plastic case. Worth getting when discounted probably.Also they're fairly easy to lose so make sure you have a pocket with a zipper to store them in or a good dry bag.
Though these gauze packs are non-sterile and a bit thin, they're still a decent deal at this price point for backup use (emergencies, disasters). I wouldn't use them in my main first aid kit for my home or car, but for my backup kits and emergency bugout bags I'm okay with taking the chance on non-sterile gauze.
My 8 yo niece enjoyed this set but it went into her nail polish drawer after a few hours and hasn’t been seen since. If your child is a fan of the l.o.l franchise they’ll love this set.
There aren't quite as many decorations included in this pack as expected but it's perfect for decorating a smaller room or entranceway. I didn't have any issues with defective balloons etc. The mylar balloons were a hit with the kids.I'd definitely recommend this for any Halloween party or for Halloween night.
I've used a few tens units in the past and can state that this might be the most powerful one I've used though this power comes at the cost a shorter battery life. It worked for about 30 minutes out of the box though and when fully charged I got a few hours.This tens unit charges fairly quickly and provides muscle tensionpain relief so I definitely recommend this device.Just a reminder though that there are warnings online to not place the pads near your heart so I'd advise not using it on your torso or spinal cord.
This will pick up a small amount of dirt from a smooth surface. Compared to a regular vac this is not even in the same game and fails miserably in comparison. It is helpful in certain occasions such as when petting your pet and some hair get dropped on the rug and you don't feel like getting out your regular vac.
Got these for my wife who said she is very satisfied with this choice of straightener. The are reasonably comfortable and perform the way they are expected to do.
I just received this thermometer, it does not beep and does not register normal temperatures, so far, every time we have tried it is been 96 or 97 degrees. Not accurate at all. For the price I am not going to return but leaving a warning to others
THIS IS NOT A LIFESAVING TOURNIQUET. It should not be used in a real-life trauma situation. The materials and construction are woefully sub-par. Parts of it started to break immediately. It LOOKS like many well-known tourniquets, but it is NOT on-par with the real thing.That said, it's inexpensive and mimics the CAT-type ones close enough for training purposes. I used it at a class this past weekend and was pleased that I didn't need to put my real medical gear through adverse use conditions. A box of these would be fine for something like a Stop The Bleed course if budget is a concern.Again, THIS IS NOT A LIFESAVING TOURNIQUET. Training use only.
This stuff tastes great and helps me thru my workouts...
I use this daily with good to excellent results. Unlike others I have used, this one can be added and polished and blends very well with previous works.
Bought this for my wife, she loves it!  Colors are cool and it really protects her phone well.  Previously she had the OE Samsung flip case with replaces your back pc and doesn't protect your phone at all.  It also has a magnet that latches it shut.  Not the best built I've ever seen but it is good for the price.
Very good quality urn, easy to remove lid and it stays on tight...the map is beautiful although the reason it only has 4 stars is because across the top of my lid there is the alphabet?  I don't understand it?  It's called a world traveler urn...my brother was a world traveler so I thought it would be great for him....everybody that sees it says why is the alphabet on the top and I really have no answer...besides that everything is as described....thx!
This is the correct battery for my Waterpik SR 3000 electric toothbrush, so when it died I assumed that replacing the battery was the smart move.  I've been soldering small electronics since 1968, and I correctly soldered the leads from the device to these very small tabs (much smaller than picture would suggest).  I put the toothbrush on its charging stand and its flashing lights indicated it was charging.  24 hours later, the button on the device was still nonresponsive.  Battery replacement is not a sure thing.
I like it. Thickness is good, firm so it took a while to get use to it. I use on my recliner, so the length fits well between arm rests. I just wish the width was a little wider.When I recline the seat get bigger, By adding two inches it would still fit the chair but would feel better when I recline.I also purchase a week later a miso fiber pillow to lay on back to fill the void. That pillar is the same width and about 18 inches wide and two inches thickens three in the middle, great lumbar suport,
Mom swears by this for keeping hearing aids comfortable.  Ordered it for her as a gift.
This stuff tastes like three-day old roadkill smells.I've tried several ways of disguising it, including strong coffee, cocoa and peanut butter, without much success. There's always a disgusting aftertaste. Can't return it for a refund, and didn't get a response to an email to the seller. Bad experience all round.Research seems to show collagen works, but if you want to try it, I highly recommend a different product.And yes, I'm a customer, not a paid reviewer.
Doesn't stink or feel disgusting. I like that it has sunblock.
Mom's podiatrist recommended this for her, and it works fine.
So far so good.  My husband, who does smoke has had a lot of congestion since getting over a cold a couple months ago.  When I was looking for an NAC product, this one had excellent reviews.  I bought some for him a couple years ago but he complained it made him cough “too much”!  So this time, I went with 600mg.  He took them twice a day with a meal to avoid stomach upset. No problems there. Taking one at dinner time did cause him to cough a lot at nighttime thus affecting his sleep which then turned him into a bear!  So, he only takes one a day with his lunch and actually takes it without griping!  So far, he has been able to breathe much better and producing a lot more phlegm. I know, I know that it would be far better to just quit smoking!! Maybe someday? Also, these pills have NO odor!!!🤞. But for now, this product is working to help him and would definitely recommend.  One disappointment though was I had received a promotion from the company when I received the product for a $25 amazon gift card to apply for after using for a week.  I was to go to their website and give my review to receive it.  Their website doesn’t exist.  That was a bummer!  But overall, happy with the results of this product so far!
Legitimate product, though cost is high.
Ordered these crutches for my sister.She spent over 150.00 for crutches that where less quality which broke in little time.She is walking a little easier now and more they are comfortable for her arms.Thanks so much for not ripping people off with higher prices.
It's soothing and somewhat long lasting. The scent is really what I expected.
Shipping took a bit longer than expected. Good price and value.
Dead On Arrival.  I charged it for 8 hours at first, then tried it and it didn't turn on.  The light turned on when it's charging so it wasn't the charger.  I saw a Brad Mondo vid and his didn't turn on either until after like 16 hours of charge, so I plugged it back in and gave it another full 24 hours.  Still nothing.  I really wanted to like this too!  Pretty bummed.
Value for money = good hard durable case = basic supplies = getting used to the green color instead of the usual red with white cross or white with red cross.
Good price and work very well
Work as advertised! I do a lot of parties, and always have years. This helps extremely well. If you want to be able to still hear people in the music, this product is for you.
Cleans body and hair easily and thoroughly. Smells almost as nice as almonds. Some may need hair conditioner after shower.
This is a good, quality VG for mixing e-liquid.  I've used this in the past, and am quite pleased with it for the price.
I'm using these along with a scooter while I recover from a broken ankle.  I have arthritis in my shoulders so I this style of crutch works better for me balancing the pressure better for me.  These are reasonably priced but still good quality.
This is actually really easy to use. The pictures are from our first attempt with a small watermelon. The slices were nowhere near perfect but still it was easier than using a knife. The rubber grip helps a lot if you get juice on your hands and the whole thing feels solid. The melon baller was ok but would actually work better on a cantaloupe or something firmer since it's a bit on the small side.I received this in return for a review. Its doubtful you will get picture perfect results without a lot of practice but it does make it better and easier.
Doesn't really hold well compared to other mattifier creams.At least for men who doesn't apply makeup over it.
This scale generally works okay, but it seems to have a weird memory function. For example, I'll take my weight and it will jump around pretty dramatically before jumping to a number. Then, if I step on it again, it'll immediately go back to that same number, as if it has a memory function in it. Then, just to test it, I'll grab something else (about a pound or so) just to test it, and it'll STILL immediately jump to that same number. This obviously makes me not trust the numbers.
This was spilled out everywhere. I would've retuned it but I ended up just throwing it in the garbage out of frustration. Literally the tiniest bottle. Super big rip off, won't buy again
It a must..use it everyday
It's essentially a velcro-strap waistband with a gel pack inside for heat or cold therapy. I ordered this to replace an old one I had that was no longer usable. This wrap is a quality product, and comes with a gel pack that is much larger than the old one I was using, which is great. You can also place smaller gel packs in the "pocket" if you wish, but so far I've found the larger gel pack that comes with it to be preferable. Works GREAT for lower back pain, gives relief in just a few minutes. Easy to put on and remove as well. There are lots of these for sale here but this one is exceptionally good in my opinion.
Love the home diffuser. It is soooooo quiet. My old one sounded like a cargo train.
Not accurate.... too tight on my wrist and sometimes had to restart itselfI had to return it for a refund so I could purchase a different one.
Perfect for keeping my toddlers glasses on his head plus it comes with a lot!
Saved me money by salvaging the waterpik that I currently have (over buying a new one). Seems to have similar design flaws as the original, like the water doesn’t all come out, which harbors a moist environment that mildew and mold love. The quality isn’t as high, though, the hinge to the door broke on one side and snapped off on the other side. The door can still seal the hole, but it’s now a separate piece. Still usable but not ideal as I almost lost the door down the drain.
I use this occasionally but not everyday. It is very salty but it whitens my teeth dramatically, so its worth it.
Works just fine
Great overall, but I would prefer if they have the braided chain to prevent leaks.
Good paper but not much paper on each roll. Have to load new roll way too often.
While I didn't get much from it, the wife loves this product.
Great product easy to take and I believe effective. I trust Life Extensions as a company I consider them to have integrity and they certainly have a good reputation.
Terrible. I have size 12 feet. These inserts were at least 4 sizes to small. They were also paper thin. Spend the extra money for Odoreaters or comparable.
This broke within a couple of days of starting using it. Poor, poor quality.
4.5 Bought these because all of the groomers were booked up for a long time after COVID closings. These arrived promptly within two days. They worked well on my little dog. It also came with extras: scissors, nail file. Great bargain.
Very strong massage gadget. Does not replace a great hands on massage but it does what it says it can do: knead muscles.
This machine is a good foot spa but it is a bit small for my taste. I am a man and men tend to sit with their legs slightly apart. If that is the case with you this unit will become annoyingly small after using it for a while.
Title says it all
Got this for my teenager, it seems to work a bit when he will actually wear it.  Honestly can't be more specific than that. I do notice a marked improvement in his posture when he wears it though, so that has to be worth something.
I have used this for almost 10 years and don't sleep without it. Great white noise machine. I travel with it, would definitely recommend.
Great product!Just received it today and it fits both shoulders. I only froze the gel pack for one hour because I wanted to try it right away, I'm very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone with shoulder stiffness.
Very good shisha. First time trying fantasia. Love it, especially the rainbow flavor
Simple shoe brush.  Works as expected. nice cover flap
My feet thank you HoMedics
Arrived quickly and as described.No issues and does not upset stomach
The addition of this pad took our 15 year old massage table to the next level. While I would have liked for the pad to be a little thicker, it is a great value and we are very happy with it.I think it would easily fit a larger table and it is advertised to fit up to a 34" x 76" table.We have only used the cool side so far.
I use this so I can hear my iphone ring over all the equipment running in my shop. works great, can be turned up to a very loud ear piercing setting. Just what I needed.
This is a very solid and large pin. Steel shafts are thick enough to not bend too easily, but that does make it harder to work in through thicker cloth material.
Bought these as a birthday gift for my 6-year-old niece after buying a pair for myself.  I switched to piercing earrings because I wanted one less decision to make in the mornings while getting ready for work.  My niece has had the same pair of piercing earrings since she was 6 months old (gross, I know).  Not only does my niece loving switching out her earrings every month, she also loves knowing that she matches her auntie.
Brush head is a little small but it works.
I LOVE THIS LONG WEARING LIP COLOR. THIS SHADE IS A SOMEWHAT LIGHTMEDIUM PINK-MAUVE SHADE, BUT IS NOT TOO LIGHT FOR MY FAIR SKIN. I HAVE DIFFICULTY FINDING COOL-TONED LIPSTICK THAT IS NOT TOO BRIGHT, & FINDING PINKS & MAUVES THAT DO NOT LOOK ROSY OR PEACH ON ME. THIS IS PERFECT WITH MY FAIR PINK SKIN WITH BLUE UNDERTONES. IF I WANT A SLIGHTLY DARKER SHADE, I MIX IT WITH ANOTHER COLOR.
This makes my skin feel so nice and clean, also super soft afterwards! I love it :) Def worth it, and you're not going to find it cheaper anywhere else!
Seems better made than the one I had before (from another company).
I bought these on a whim and took them as directed. Seemed to do the trick as far as a cleanse.
This lotion completely dried my skin out. The more I applied, the drier it became.
Hard to tell if it's actually working, but from ask appearances it's keeping my bathroom air clean of germs and mold spores! It at least does a decent job of eliminating odors, I think. And it's a comforting presence, to know it's always whirring away!
Hard to lose..great for traimas.
This is my 4th reorder.
That nutritional supplements are available without non-therapeutic fillers is a good idea. Or, am I missing something? BS should provide more detailed results from their QC lab testing, more than just claiming &#34;Pure and Clean.&#34;  I plan on using this Glucosamine product for a worn-out, old knee for 2-3 months after which I would update this review. I received this product no charge contingent on posting a review.UPDATE:I too had a problem with receiving product with a too soon expiration date. BS' customer service resolved this issue via e-mail, good job.Sorry to say, though, that this supplement by itself does not seem to help my old knee. Maybe in combination with others, it may help or at least slow progression.FYI, BulkSupplements contracts manufacture of its products in the Peoples Republic of China, unless I'm mistaken. As far as I know, BS has no independent validation of GMPs nor USP verification. Their customer support, readily available through e-mail is cooperative and does try to resolve any problems in a timely manner, but regarding assuring the quality and purity of their products, they told me that they will send you a COA, a certificate of analysis from a lab that they won't identify. My opinion then is that simply printing &#34;Clean and Pure&#34; on their products' labeling is not enough.  Trust but verify as someone once said.
Resolve your rug cleaning problems. We purchased our own steam cleaner a few years ago and found this cleaner to beat all the rest....  Anyone who has self cleaned their carpets knows  the products they use makes a big difference in how many times they have to go back and forth. This Resolve concentrate 2X does the trick. Cleans up spills and  leaves such a clean smell
I used it maybe 10 times and it stopped working. I used a small torx screwdriver and took the screw out of the bottom and used a small flat screw driver to put in the slot to slide the cutter head off of the plastic base. I took my old razor head (tabs broke off like everyone elses) and compared and they are very similar. But whatever grease they are using fails pretty quickly and becomes sticky causing the hair to get stuck. I suppose you could clean their grease off and use a white lithium grease or something and it would work fine but I just decided to swap my old OEM cutter head into the new plastic base. Works great now!
Love it. I sit at my home office all day and it's made a huge difference.
This was delivered with a broken handle so holding it was awkward.  It snarled & pulled my hair.It's in the garbage now.Amazon apologized for damage & gave an account credit.
This is a great quality nano geocache, with a strong magnet. The two geocache rainproof paper log rolls with metal roll ups in the middle are an additional great value.
This wash-in helped restore the water repellency of my favorite nylon shell. I'm not giving it 5 stars because it didn't make the shell totally repellent, but maybe that's asking too much. It did a very good job, doesn't smell or leave a residue, and doesn't appear to affect the breathability of the fabric.
If you have small glasses like mine, it can be hard to find clip-on sunglasses. These work perfectly. You might need to bend the outer clips to get them to fit over thick lenses, but that's no big deal. Note that the sunglass coating does scratch relatively easy, so keep them protected when not in use.
Bought this oil to aid with bad yeast under the armpits and upon putting it on the itching and swelling were under control. I will be buying this again.
Good supplement best vitamin C I've found thus far.
I have a model 454 that must be at least 30 years old, and it keeps on going.  I've tried electric white noise makers over the years, but they just aren't the same.  Can't really explain why, they just aren't.  When mine finally conks out, I'm definitely going to get another one!  I live in a noisy area, a bad one too with gunshots, loud cars, noisy neighbors and the like, and this unit does an amazing job keeping the noises down.Just did a Google search for the model 454, I got this..."It is billed as, "Sleep-Mate" by Marpac of Wilmington, N.C.. It is model number 454.This item is circa the 1960's. "1960's!!!  Wow, guess it's lasted longer than I thought!
Good product
good product
I bought this to keep with me on my recent trip to several Asian countries. Those countries are notorious for not providing soap in restrooms. This travel soap worked perfectly for my needs. I am incessantly needing to keep my hands clean and this helped my mild obsession. I also wear contact lenses and require clean hands for handling the contacts. I never got an eye infection, despite the questionable water supply. I'll attribute that safety to the good soap I was using. Buy it!
If you know and love Sangre de Grado, this is a good one.
These are decent if you have pain in the ball of your feetfoot. I even put these on my custom made Orthodics and they do relieve the pain. I do notice they move around although they have reusable on the package I am not sure how well they will stick but will keep this updated as pain in my feet keep me from doing a lot of things.UPDATE: Not real happy with these after some time ONLY because they will roll up when you put your shoe on. Maybe from the glue rubbing off, not sure bt it becomes a hassle even though it does help.
This might fit on your neck if you are a pencil neck like Adam Schiff. Otherwise it is way too small for the average joe. Didn’t even fit my wife.
I purchased TOBS Mr. Taylor to try out the scent and to give me a break from the sandalwood. The scent of Mr. Taylor is very pleasant and I could smell it for a good part of the day. The performance was identical to the sandalwood scent, excellent as always! Very nice lubrication on the face, lathers up nicely in my scuttle, and washes out of my brush and off my skin cleanly. Over all, I am very happy with this scent!It should be noted that this particular product is 60g, 2.03 oz. However, I expect to get a good number of shaves out of it, even though it is technically a trial size and is exactly what I wanted. I didn't want to spend much money on a tub of TOBS that I wouldn't like.
I rarely give 1 stars.. I Loved this thing but after 5 uses it died.. Won't turn on. No idea what happened. When it did work I loved it. - Even purchased one for a family member (before it's sudden death)
This purchase was just fine.
This stuff has a very strong fruity medicinal odor. It's not horrible, but it's so strong that a few squirts in the shower fills the whole house with the smell. It seems to leave the shower glass clean and clear, but I've used other daily products that worked better and didn't smell so much. I won't be buying this again.
I bought these "blue blockers" because I read that wearing them before bed time would help overcome the negative effect of tv and computer screens on melatonin levels. I don't know if that's true and wearing them that way was too distracting, so I didn't give them a fair test. However, I do enjoy wearing them while driving on long distance trips. They seem to be relatively well made and they fit over my regular glasses.
These stainless steel roller balls leak bad, it literally drips from the ball. Horrible.
I have a 6mo old and a 3yr old, and have one of these germguardian sanitizers in each of their rooms. We hardly every get sick, I would like to think these sanitizers play a part in that. They make just enough noise to act as a noisemaker, as well as put off just enough light to act as a night light (very dim one). They seem to do a decent deal for removing odor (baby diapers) from their rooms.I have had one of these sanitizers in my older kids room for about a year and half and it is still working great. Had to replace the bulb once. I got a really good deal on the ones I bought, on amazon. Most of the time they are overpriced, so wait and you can get a decent deal on these sanitizers. If the price drops again, I will get one for my room.
Compact classy little pill case. Not much else to say. It’s so simple, but looks nice on my keychain with brown leather and other brass items.
motor is weak
Treated my tank with this. Good results.
These are nice tweezers. inexpensive too.
Couldn't find the liquid version of this anywhere in stores. I was SO glad to finally find it here on amazon. Nothing takes out the itch of poison ivy or bug bites like this does. Will order again when I near running out.
Difficult to put on hearing aid.
I bought a new office chair and the seat was terrible!  My son had a Purple at work and suggested the purchase.  It's much better with the cushion, although I wish I'd have purchased the larger one, &#34;The Ultimate Purple Cushion.&#34;On Amazon, the Ultimate is (today) $178 while on the Purple site, it's $129.  This one &#34;Royal&#34; was $79 here as well as on the Purple site when I purchased, however today I notice that the same &#34;Royal&#34; is $111.27 here (offered by Purple).  Very confusing pricing.  You'll want to examine all possible sites prior to making a purchase.
Simply put, the head strap is too short.  I would not buy again.  Otherwise, mask is ok.
Good fit. Be sure to use soap and wash the nose oil off before a swim so they don’t slide off while swimming.
I ordered some generic eyeglass case from Amazon and my Gunnar MLG Phantoms did not fit in them in the slightest.  Didn't even know Gunnar made an accompanying case, but I'm very happy I stumbled upon these.  The quality seems very good; they're made with something like a hard leatherette, so it gives it a nice feel.  Plenty of room inside and I don't feel like my glasses are squished.  I'm considering buying another pair of Gunnars and if I do, I am absolutely buying another one of these with them.
It's a good scale and it does interface with the Fitbit app. I think the body fat percentage feature is total BS as mine varies by several percent day to day. I find the weight is within reasonable limits of variation day to day given that I weigh myself immediately upon waking up every day. I think the interface could be more seamless. It doesn't automatically plug my weight into the Fitbit weight tracker. This may be operator error.
i like the ingredients and so far i like the product
Very cheap for a 3 pack, and the color is great but thats because of BabyLips
the smell is perfect love it I read reviews before the purchase and they were right better than Ax cannot go wrong with a brand that has been around forever
I used this as a filler for some pneumatic pressure gauges that needed filling.  It works great for that.
Makes good party joints, almost two ZigZag papers long.  Too long for my daily use, and no extra belt like the smaller RAW rollers, but a fine machine none the less.  Colorado approved.
I have had a habit in my home of saying, what did you say ? I went to a play and couldn't hear my grandchild talking, so I thought, time to try something. I am planning to get a hearing test, but no way could I spend thousands on hearing aids. I am very impressed with these amplifiers. They charge in a little box, & the box also charges. They have 9 volume levels. You push a button and when you hear two short beeps, you are at top volume. One more push & you are back to # one. They also have a feature where you hold the button down to change mode, for a noisier environment. I have not tried all of this feature as yet. One day, the sound was fainter & per booklet, there could be wax on the amplifier. I used the tool provided to change the wax guard. The instructions seem complicated, but once you try the amplifiers, the instructions quickly make sense. I am positive these amplifiers will allow me to hear the actors in a play quite easily. I like hearing some extra sounds I have not heard for some time, like the bell sound of a spoon hitting a certain cup. I am glad I got them. In the mornings I now say, I have to go put on my ears ! Lol
Best heel cream I can find.  My skin builds calluses and cracks terribly.  This is the only product I’ve found that really works quickly to soften and heal the skin.
Didn't work out for me.- This thing is way too small. 16" in width and 9" in height barely covers the width of my back and I'm just an average size person.- The straps they provide are not even close enough to  wrap around a standard chair to hold it in place.- After sitting less than 10 minutes, my back is so sore.
My wife loved the clamps. The chain however broke on the first use.
Well I don't think I will need something like this, until I broke my CPU cooler and had to try to fix it and finally to replace it.Remove the old thermal paste is a pain, you end up making a mess because that thing sticks to everything, so with that bad experience I decided to give a chance to this products and they exceed my expectations by far.Is really simple to use and way too effective, just a few drops over the processor, 30 minutes after use a soft cloth to clean and that was it, repeated the process with the old CPU cooler I have to replace and it looks also great.So if you plan to change your CPU cooler, is a good idea to have something like this to clean up the old thermal paste from the Processor and the CPU Cooler.
Great work great
Not sure what kind of aliens we stole this material from but if you have an enamel tub and or tile shower (especially white), your first mission is to spray some tub cleaner and without letting it sit, wipe it with a wet Mr Clean eraser and prepare to be amazed!
This is great that it has so many different shaped wells for meds.  I think my pills were just too small, and over 50% of them ended up being crushed.  It will probably work perfectly on larger pills.
these are not the quality of others i have bought directly from local pharmacy stores.  they will not clean in the ear-only around the entrance to the ear canal
I just used it for the first time on a 12' x 3' section of vinyl siding above my back patio. It used to take me 30 minutes with a step ladder and a sponge to clean the mildew off these vinyl panels. Today I did it in less than 5 minutes using my DocaPole 6-inch Scrub Brush with Extension Pole. And I didn't need a ladder. Next I tackled the difficult job of cleaning mildew from the area around the attic vent at the point of my house which is 35' high. I was able to effectively clean this hard to reach area using a 22' ladder and the 12' DocaPole Extension and Scrub Brush. Previously, I was never able to clean this area around my house's attic vent. Now it's mildew free and I have  the tool to keep it clean in the future. This is a marvelous item of equipment. It's lightweight and easy to maneuver. The scrub brush does a terrific job of cleaning mildew off of vinyl siding. I highly recommend it.
This is so easy to use and great for keeping wet hair up and out of the way.
I am so VERY upset! This product not only took out the ugly dark coffee stains, but it ruined the beautiful shiny finish on the inside of my vintage coffee pot. If you have a vintage coffee pot do not buy this! It will ruin it.
I got this machine promptly and everything they said was there is there. The power source works, the machines are good. There is one bad thing, i'm not sure what the problem is but the needles hook will hardly fit onto the machine part, you have to force it but it still works just as well. just like everyone else says the ink is only for practicing and the practice skin sucks, use a honeydew melon to practice on, and if you are going to do it on real skin at any point, buy skin candy outlining ink.
My favorite sleep mask, and I’ve tried several. I doubt I’ll ever go back to the foam ones.
Nice lemony smell and taste, if any. Easy to take.
After visiting my chiropractor several times with severe, debilitating neck and shoulder pain, he recommended that I start taking fish oil along with his regular adjustments. He stressed that high quality fish oil was a must.  I started taking Carlson's fish oil (about a tablespoon a day) and it did for me what the chiropractor could not, completely diminished my neck and shoulder pain. I love it!  I will never stop taking it, and I have recommended it to many friends who suffer from the same neck and shoulder pain. I don't know any of the science behind it, I just know it has worked for me for the past two years.  You must be consistently taking it, and it takes about two weeks to notice a difference.
Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for.
The Smoke Buddy really works as advertised. It absorbs most of the smoke and smell. And every so often, when full, i order a new one.
This replaced a bulky beam balance scale that indicated different weights depending on where or how well the counter weights fit in the notches.  I don't have this problem with this scale.  You just get on and read the big numbers.  My wife hates to see her true weight for a change.  Not only is this scale accurate, it looks really nice.  We have it on a hardwood floor in our bedroom.  It takes up very little space.  For the price, you can't find another scale that looks and operates as good as this one.
Product seems well made. I have the one with extra padding. The bad part is the strength of the massage - its simply too low. Its weaker than the handheld massage devices in my opinion. I cannot see how anyone with a serious ailment gets any relief from this. Even at highest settings I did not feel it to be effective and heat was not working at all or felt like it.Does not look like it will be comfortable or recommend to put it on a sitting position. This also occupies considerable amount of space so if you have people sitting at same location you will need to move it each time.
The Berta Hair Straightener 1 inch worked alright on my hair. My hair is past my thighs, and thick. I spend a lot of time trying to dry or straighten it. The control buttons are on the inside of the handle, I had some difficulty reading the digital display ,and it took some time to heat up. It was a very good price though and it does work well.
Vegetable Glycerin ( or glycerol ) is a clear ,odorless liquid that has a sweet taste. The liquid is produced from plants usually  palm oil , coconut oil or soy. It has many uses cosmetics, shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste. I use it in my  vapor juice or e-juice. In e-cigs it is generally referred to as VG. It produces more vapor than propylene glycol, another component in e-cigs. I find the 99% pure Kosher VG is an outstanding product with an excellent price. I also use Vegetable Glycerin with essential oils and I make moisturizers and hair conditioners with it. It needs to be stores away from sunlight and has a shelf life between 12 - 18 months ( shelf life does vary )
Very much enjoy the Natural Silk Sleep Mask, is comfortable and often am a day sleeper having worked the night through; since light comes through the eyelids, this is a propitious thing to use, silk so fine do not even notice it.  Always kind of surprises me that itworked so well.  TY Sleep Restoration, the concept is important.
yecch, do not like this one, seems pure enough but leaves a bitter, bitter taste for me.
I like it. Works as advertised. Not a perfect substitute for an honest to goodness paint touch up job. But you must know that no wax product is that fantastical. It does however mitigate very nicely the little speckly imperfections and tiny chippy marks in your blue paint. I used this product in black when I had a 12 year old black vehicle and it worked great! This blue is very good, not as great as the black, but on my Nissan Murano blue from 2007, it created a great improvement.
taking it for cancer
these look better for men instead of women
Reading the description it said the bag would hold larger gifts. The gift I had barely fit in the bag and it was almost impossible to tie the ribbon.  Very disappointed in the item for what I paid.
Not really sure it this item really does anything. Might be more of a placebo thing. Its not quite either, you can hear it within 10 feet.
I bought the white color since it's the cheapest.The masks are soft and comfortable.  They fit my wife's face much better than all the other masks she tried (the other masks were always a little larger for her).The only reservation I have is these masks only have 2 plies.  But then, given how cheap the white ones are, I can always double up.
Last summer we had a chance to travel to asia. I bought this product for my kid to use while we travel over there. It worked very good. It prevented the kid from mosquito bite. The smell was mild.
This item was purchased to help dispense the liquid hand cleaner from the bottle.  It makes just the right amount for washing... without wasteful over supply.  Makes financial help with dispensing of the Hibiclens... just the right amount.  Good to have if you use Hibiclens in your home.
Bought last year to have a cozy, warm electric throw in the living room.  It's well made, cozy and warm. A quality product.
Excellent product for hair that won't lie flat.  I've been using Tancho Tique for more than 50 years.
My favorite toothpaste.
These pads work great nice
Now i can finally carry my E-pen with me and get to it fast, case is made very nice and durable, I love it
I purchased the lavender scented spray and am delighted with the results. I did a deep-clean on my mat by spraying it down and letting it sit for 2 minutes, then wiped it down with the microfiber cloth and let it sit dry overnight before re-rolling. The scent is pleasing and leaves the mat smelling fresh for a couple weeks. If you are sensitive to scents, I would purchase the unscented version. Easy to use and the ingredients are safe. This bottle will last you a long time, even with daily use.
Do you need your tums to survive a nuclear blast? Then you need this holder. I bought one of the smaller Cielo double chamber ones a few years ago for Tums and Advil. Held 2 Tums and 7 Advil. Tums increased the diameter of their 1000mg tablets and they no longer fit so I got this. This thing holds 6 of the 1000mg tablets for those extra stress inducing days. Nice!
I've had a brass pill case for many years that was wearing out so when I went to buy a new one, I was quite disappointed to find pharmacies now only sold super low quality aluminum cases. Literally everything about them was staggeringly sub par. Figured I might as well drop the extra cash and get a good one. Not disappointed on this choice. These have good O-ring fit, every edge inside and out has been either radiused or chamfered, excellent alignment between all the parts, and good thread engagement. She seller mentions it is a fine thread but that is a relative thing. The threads are 0.8" x 18TPI which is a good balance for this application and considering that is a very non-standard size, these were probable made on a CNC which explains the price.
I've had this for a few years now. It's the solution when your spouse snores like a freight train and you're a lite sleeper. Thank you Marpac!
These work okay. I used them twice and they are a bit awkward at first but you have to wear a long sleeve tee or other type of sweater otherwise they are noticeable. Take a little while to get used to but after a few minutes they prove to be comfortable.
i love this, have it at the head of my bed, and i use it every single night. it blocks out noise.
top cover doesn't cover whole compartment and supplies fall out, had alot better med bags.. Had to switch back to my old bag because It kept letting equipment fall out..
NIftalicious!!!
I followed the instructions to the letter. Instead of defogging the fog lasted longer, and would not dissipate,
Didn't fit my nosebridge
I absolutely LOVE this!!!! It works perfectly.
Perfect!!!!  I bought this for my daughter's dorm room.  She loves it!
Assembly was easy.  The stool itself is well-padded but not very sturdy.  The hydraulic mechanism used to raise and lower the stool jams frequently.  My niece and nephews love to spin around on it, so it does make an excellent children's toy.  Not that great of a place for adults to sit, however.  I do not recommend this stool.
Perfect for our at home tanning bed in our Cleveland Browns basement!
Very disappointed. These were the first pair of shears for me, as I am a nursing student.  These could barely cut through two layers of gauze.
Didn't really give accurate readings. Constant  with the numbers and not by a few but by many.
The only thing that works for sore, swollen feet!  I've used it for years and now I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT IT while pregnant.  Nothing else even comes close
The nail boards are excellent,very pleased....thank you
Good for my yard waste.
Nice bag for walker. Mother in law loves it. Well made.
Great cards to have at work, study, or just remembering.
This is a very cheap product. Does not remove a thing
These are nice sturdy straws, and I liked that they came in a variety of sizes (the openings).  I do wish they had some that were shorter in length, as my youngest son, who has autism, has been going through a straw &#34;phase,&#34; and 9 inches is too long for the cups he uses.  Otherwise though, these are great so far (we have been using them for a couple of weeks).
My daughter actually takes this for vitiligo, because it has most of the supplements she needs. Between this and the additional supplements, we are seeing improvements; I have to believe this is contributing.
Used them when I had to stand for a long time.  Helps my feet a lot
Bought these socks because I love them and always go for this brand but the package I received was torn open and one of the socks itself was torn not going to bother returning because they are still usable but still annoying for the price..
We've been using this product for years because we really like how it works. Took a while for me to get used to the smell, but my wife likes it. Everyone's different. But I wouldn't buy it for over $10bottle.I used to buy this at Target, but they apparently don't sell it in the store anymore. You can still get it shipped for less than $4bottle with a $35 order.
It was love at first brush!!!I've been using the Apalus brush a few times a week for a couple months now.  It's easy to use, saves me time, gives me great results (I have &#34;fluffy-puffy-frizzy&#34; hair if I don't load it w products and punish it w heat!), and it's a lot less damaging than the flat iron.  I usually use my flat iron to tame the shorter hair in the front, but as for all the rest of my hair, it's lovely!
These panties are hands down the most comfortable undies I've owned, period. The sizing is perfect and they don't ride up or down, ever.  You can tell these are quality-made panties as the texture feels sturdy, yet they are incredibly soft to touch. I can tell they will last. Also, another great feature about these panties is that they don't show the panty line when you're wearing tight pants. For such comfortable wear, you will not look like you're wearing granny panties!I bought these for $39.90 (and it appears the price has gone down a bit - now $36.90), but I will definitely be purchasing another pair here in a couple of months.
I love the citrus essential oils because they brighten up the room and leave a freshness to the environment.  I use this in my aromatherapy humidifier during the day.  It smells great and I think it helps to lift the spirit.  This is a great size and a really good value.
These are fantastic
Wow. Im so happy about finding this product , I hope amazon continues to sell it . Recently I had shingles and then got contact dermatitis ( allergy) so I’m trying the “ free of “ this one cleans as the ultra stain release original does just no fragrance. Tide and amazon come through again.🙌🏻
Very tasty! Not a big fan of the Chocolate Cream flavor, it was just okay but the Peanut Nutter is awesome. Looking forward to trying other flavors! The texture is soft and I love that these are low-carb and low-sugar but still taste like a guilty treat. Very convenient to have around - keep a few at my desk in case I can't get away for lunch break or need something to get me through that second half of the day. Not recommending them as a meal replacement, of course, but they've been handy when life gets busy!
Fairly nice wallet, a little more distressed looking than the picture shows.
We love these. Great taste and consistency. $5 a bag cheaper than Vitamin Shoppe. Delivered to my door. Awesome!
Not for tender skin but it is the best joint pain reliever!
My puppies ignore this. I was disappointed became they chew everything, shoes, furniture chairs, etc. I had wished they would love this instead. They do like pigs ears.
Have not reviewed product effectively to give a response at this time.
Perfect for my Miele front-loader.  Cold wash is so much more friendly to the environment and my wallet and this is the best detergent I've found, and definitely get more than 50 loads out of a box.
highly recommended to buy
I like that these absorb some of the urine and allow the excess to pass through onto the next pad but Thought these would keep the urine inside the PADDED pants along with a mega pad that I use under these, so 3 pads thick and still leak onto the bed liner AND up her back during the night. I looked for some kind of gel pads that would actually HOLD the liquid but can't find anywhere. This is insanity. Wish I had the means to invent my own product that would make life easier for caregivers and that would make me a billionaire because I know exactly what is needed but oh well! Ain't going to happen.  I give up.
and this wonderful stuff prevents rashes, sores, redness from her diaper undies. I love that it has no petrol chemicals or other toxic garbage. I thank GOD for the Honest company.
I wish they were different grades of courseness, but these are all the same and a little too course. But ok.
Great throw pillow cover! Good quality.
This device is awesome! It has allowed me to have mobility after footankle surgery. It can also be easily moved out of the way for another driver to use the car normally.By the way, I did not purchase it here. I RENTED it directly from the seller, which is a great option for those that only need it short term.
easy cleaning
Lathers nicely, convenient pump, moisturizing, but smells like a cheap pina colada you wish you hadn't bought.
Works fine, and the price is good. I'd buy this again!
If mixed in pitcher of liquid the taste is masked,  if put in a small amount of water it tastes a little harsh.  I take it before bed and believe my sleep is enhanced.
Easy to take. Really work well.
Love it so cute.
Broke after a week of use
Ruby wrapping paper is the best!  I love the weight and folding ability of Ruby paper!  The colors are beautiful!
I have bought many different brands that are “biodegradable” . These hold up and do not put off a bad smell!!
Noise canceling white noise. Adjustable to make different tones. Perfect for if you work overnights and sleep during the day.
As far as I can tell the product is as described but it took forever to get to me. It was delayed to begin with (2 months from when I originally was suposed to receive this!) And even more so when the manufacturer failed to &#34;scan properly&#34; according to USPS which made the delay even more severe. It was ridiculous.
Great brush especially for travel.  Fits with the dry oil tin.
This was not for me. The straps were too wide to fit under my arms comfortably
Easy to use and makes my solid surface counter tops look great
I tend to have issues with narrow belts curling all up. This one may eventually too, but I like that it has a wider belt & buckle. The elastic top is nice too to keep bottle from sliding out if you bend over. Nice quality product.
I got this for my husband's lower back pain.  When I first put it on his back all was well.  A few minutes later he was fanning his back saying it felt like lava.  We washed some of it off because he couldn't take it and he said it felt better.  I'm not sure if I applied too much, but I used a very little amount to start with.  Less than a pea sized amount.  After the inital lava stage he said it did cool and seem to numb his lower back area and was soothing, but that the initial skin melting stage wasn't worth the cooling after wards.  If you don't mind EXTREME heat, this would probably work for you.  We've used sombracream and icey hot extra strength with no problem... but those are nothing in comparison to this.  We received this product for a discount in exchange of an honest review.  My opinions are my own.
These are too big to provide any compression. I’ve also tried SBSox, Copper Compression and Roxofit, all ordered based on their individual sizing recommendations for my 8” arches. These by far fit the largest (in size small). They are designed more like the SBSox style which is longer and extends the length of the metatarsal region. This is good for people with longer feet. But these have a thick seem that looks like it would be uncomfortable too. I ordered these because they came in flesh tone, and had to return the copper compression flesh tone ones due to poor construction quality. But I can not recommend these and they are going back immediately without me even trying to wear them to see if they are supportive.
Sprays on in a fine mist, love this!!
Great info needed for quick reference
Seems silly to write a review for a sleep mask, but this one is worth it -- and I feel obligated to share it with ya all who are shopping for one.  I have been a sleep-mask addict for 10 years (that's what having a child can do to you, evidently). I literally cannot fall asleep without one. This &#34;Earth Therapeutics&#34; is the one and only for me (but I have 5 of them, ha ha!) Sleep masks are either too slippery, don't stay on, too transparent, not enough coverage, too uncomfortablethick (too much coverage), or too small or too big or not adjustable around my head to fit right. It's neat that it has a soft side (I love during cooler weather) and a satin side (great for warmer weather). It's the perfect size ... not too little but not too big. I don't like to notice the sleep mask, it has to feel natural. I tried the memory-foam type ones and ones that seem sort of molded for &#34;comfort,&#34; and they were awful. What's more -- they last. They last through washes, the velcro and elastic are not &#34;cheap,&#34; they are strong and stay solid. I have had the same mask (my first one, a pink one, which was a gift) for over 5 years and it's still going strong. I have 5 of them just to rotate and keep them washed to keep my skin clean at night. I can't even recommend a runner-up ... this is the end-all, be-all.P.S. If you try the masks with the headphones (so you can listen to tunes as you fall asleep), I just want to say how disappointed I was. I couldn't find a good, comfortable mask with built-in headphones. So when I want music at night, I just use headphones separately. Let me know if you find a great Earth Therapeutics light-weight sleep mask with built in headphones that don't add bulk and annoyance, ha ha!
I'm an ER RN. I work 12-16 hour shifts. Compression socks are essential and I've tried a ton and these are my absolute favorite
This is exactly what I expected. A little smaller than a full roll of TP. A fun and silly COVID-19 birthday gift! It was not used, so judging on what I know about TP, it will work as expected.... lol
My dog had a broken toe. We used this for a week. Exactly what we needed. 👍👍 We kept it dry an wouldn't let her chew or lick her foot.
This is exactly what I expected. A little smaller than a full roll of TP. A fun and silly COVID-19 birthday gift! It was not used, so judging on what I know about TP, it will work as expected.... lol
My dog had a broken toe. We used this for a week. Exactly what we needed. 👍👍 We kept it dry an wouldn't let her chew or lick her foot.
These are the worst wraps I've ever used. I'm an Esthetician and need durable wraps. These wraps snag so easily.After just one wash, they looked horrible, I had to throw them all away. They also don't hang right.
We live in a small town and no where around here sells these. A friend recommended these for my son who is now taking showers by himself. These are great. No need to use a washcloth. We have purchased many over the past year. They last a long time and are tear free for sure!  We will keep buying as long as these are made.
Amazing absorption, yet very gentle on painful wounds.
It does not work at all, I wasted money!!
Love this holster - easily pump lotion onto my hands to continue without breaking touch.  Great product.  I have used only lotion so far and no leakage.
the roller ball sticks and you cant use it im so disappointing
The lid is cracked and leaked all of the liquid out poor packing and broken lid had to throw away not happy I wouldn’t recommend this product
Let’s face it, unlike men, it can be difficult for a woman to go to the bathroom outside. We purchased some acreage and needed something that would be easy to use with our Luggable Loo. This product was convenient and did a pretty good job controlling waste smell.
Great product!! Will order this shake again!
Use these to brush my infant son's teeth.  They are soft, they clean well and he loves to chew on them.
I have a friend that asks me to order it for her, she swears by it. She uses it for her shower, with her hair getting in the drain it doesn’t want to drain. Said she had tried everything, but this product is the only thing that works!!!
Colors were wonderful. I haven't had any problems wearing these for extended periods of time
This seems identical to the name brand version but at a better price.
THANK GOD they make a liquid version of astaxanthin!!! My husband can not swallow pills and this is the ONLY liquid astaxanthin I have found ANTWHERE! It's pricey, but it's the only one around so we continue to buy it! Astaxanthin is VERY GOOD for your health! It's a SUPER antioxidant! Wish they made a chewable gummy for kids!!!!! We take our astaxanthin daily as part of our everyday supplements! My husband has not complained of any taste aversion...I mix this in with his liquid fish oil and add it all to a small shot glass of juice...he drinks it every morning... (Poor guy! But what can you do when he can't swallow pills!?!?!) He doesn't complain, just drinks it down!!!
Tasted way to horrible to keep down I tried taking it three times every time I did I threw up and had bad heartburn and kept burping the flavor which was disgusting.
Love this veggie scrubber!! Easy to wrap fingers around and get a good grip. Love that its wooden.
Awesome product!
worked great for a web
Just what I've been looking for.
great product at a great price  Fast delivery
this stuff is MAGIC! i wore the booties under socks for about 3 hours, and 3 days later my feet started peeling like a snake, and after 5 days of peeling and rubbing in the shower and a little lotion with socks over, i had brand.new.feet! this is not a sandals product while it is working.
This isn’t pure horsetail herb. It contains an unknownundisclosed quantity of dextrin, but, it’s enough to taste slightly sweet. The seller should disclose they’re not selling pure horsetail. If you’re on a low carb diet or suffer from IBS, you’ll have problems. Could be the dextrin is made from wheat, so caution if you need gluten-free.
I used to have one of these mops when they first came out it was one of the as seen on TV versions this is the best mop hands down it literally picks up every micro dust of hair or debris that is on your floor. If you have pets or get a lot of dust in your area this is definitely the mop you want to have.
This is a great product for my long hair. Nothing else works for me. Thank God I found it on Amazon!
bristles are not sturdy enough to brush teeth and the bamboo feels like its going to give me a splinter... waste of money
My husband loves the fact this handy little kit doesn't have to be plugged in - but instead uses a battery and does a fantastic job!
If you have a need for vegetable glycerin, this is a great product. Wonderful packaging and a very reasonable price. I've purchased a few different Essential Depot products and I've never been disappointed!
This is great in my basement bath where we keep an XL litter box for 2 cats. I was impressed. Will be purchasing 2 more units to put in other areas of the basement. Highly recommend.
Plates and napkins are nice, thick, and high quality. Kids liked them too. We had a small party for our kiddo and they were the perfect number for the kids attending in a package of 8 of each item. Received quickly and in perfect condition.
I purchased this repellent for my infant because it didn't have deet (Eww, deet is smelly!). I absolutely HATE seeing mosquito bites on her, including her face!! I needed to get something gentle on her skin and face and as non smelly as possible. This stuff actually seems to be working and has not caused any irritation when lightly used on her face! We recently went for a walk in a different neighborhood from our own (to escape the buggies) and as soon as we got out of the car we were bombarded with mosquitoes! I quickly applied the repellent on the baby first and you could see the mosquitoes flying around her and the stroller, never landing on her skin.Smells good, and repels. I'd say it works!
Worth the purchase! Grew at product
I had read that lavender was a natural deterrent to moths. We had been experiencing a moth problem in our older condo we had just moved into. It seems to be working and we love the fragrance of lavender. This product is far more preferable to mothballs!
Great Product!
They don’t block any noise at all.  I tried inserting them many different ways.  Followed the directions precisely.  They’re worthless.
I've reviewed a lot of pre-workout supplements over the years and I'm always amazed by how few of them want to admit that their primary boost is caffeine. The next question is how much caffeine is included, which they almost never acknowledge in light of the daily recommended amount (400 milligrams, in case you're wondering). Tattle gets props for listing the amount in the ingredients.130 mg for one scoop is a little more than one-fourth of what's healthy for you, so this is a significant boost -- not counting any tea or coffee or soda you drink during the day. I'm sensitive to caffeine so I only take a teaspoon and that's plenty of energy for me.The bigger problem is how dry it tastes. I'm guessing it's the "dash of Monk Fruit for a tart, berry flavor." I'm not a fan. Still, I mix it with the rest of my shake in the morning and although the taste was initially a shock I've gotten over it.
Cleaned my mat great and did not leave it tacky like other I have used.
They work just as described.  A good number of these will come in handy.  They arrived promptly too.
Once you get hooked on Floralife you will want the value bucket.  And here it is.  I have definitely noticed a difference in my flower quality after using this product and I will continue to use it.
I wanted to replace the nylon poufs in my shower with something that would last longer. This is easy enough to use, but it is very soft and has ZERO scrubbing or exfoliating factor. It causes soap to lather up well. It's probably for someone with very sensitive skin who doesn't like exfoliating. I like that the back side can be used to massage the scalp. It would be better if this had a loop for hanging.
I wanted to stop using disposable, non-biodegradable nylon mesh poufs, but this was not the right replacement for me. This is a fabric, so when it gets wet, it's sopping, and lumps together. You can rub it against your skin, and it might have similar exfoliating qualities as a nylon pouf if you rub hard enough. Mostly, it feels smooth, like using a towel bunched up. The thing that bothered me is that it does not lather well. Also, the wood bead is a nice decorative touch, but it will still get moisture in it, and it will mildew. Take off the bead, and this might be a good alternative for bathing small children. It would be soft against their skin.
Purchased for my sister who has CF.  Fits great. And gives us piece of mind during a pandemic.
The lid of this pill cutter does not tilt back far enough.  After cutting the pill it sticks to the bottom.  It is not very easy to use.  My pill also seemed to stick in the rubber holder.  Returned it.
Cannot get the protector off the brush, GOING TO HAVE TO SEND IT BACK..
My youngest has had issues staying asleep at night. Purchased this and she seems to like it as she has been sleeping better at night.
I have a lot of low backhip pain, and after a day of sitting at the computer all day kills me. I can't afford a fancy ergonomic office chair, so I was ecstatic to see this show up. I've been using it for a couple weeks now, and I'm amazed that I feel as good or better at the end of the day as I do when I start working. It conforms easily to my back while still providing excellent support. It's not overly molded so that it only fits one body typeshape. The unique design of the rubber stays firm when and where needed but is soft and cushy where needed too.One thing to note is that the cover is a stretchy fabric like spandex which allows it to stretch over the cushion but fit closely to it. There are two loops on the back which allow you to run a belt or rope to tie it in place onto your chair. However, since the fabric is so stretchy and the cushion fairly heavy, it pulls down into the seat rather than staying against the chair back, so I still have to push it up and into place when I come back to the chair. I'm thinking of sewing a more structured cover that won't stretch so much to keep it in place better.I received a discount in exchange for an honest review.
The lavender smells amazing!  I love the little towel that comes with it.  Great investment for your mat!
As expected
srsly?  I'm sure the buckets would be great if they were useable. find a local dealer so this doesn't happen to you.
The amount of carbs is way too high, the taste is less than pleasant.  Some may like them, they are not what I hoped for I guess:(
These banners are impactful! They look expensive, and really make a statement in the entryway. I receive tons of compliments. Good buy!
The sponge heads come off almost right away. They are not glued to the plastic well at all.  You go through 5 heads when you normally would go through one.
Arrived quickly and they work.
Didn't work for me at all. Returned.
Very cheaply made. Definitely not white gold over. The stones looked badly placed as well.
States on picture and in details will support up to 360lbs. However upon arrival stickers on scooter and written in instruction manual says supports up to ONLY 300lbs. Made cheaply.
Great quality!
Bought these to help my five year old improve his brushing. We used a half tab and it completely filled his mouth with purple stain. He said the taste was awful so I tried the other half and it's pretty gross. I would give zero stars if possible because it didn't work at all.
Bought these to help my five year old improve his brushing. We used a half tab and it completely filled his mouth with purple stain. He said the taste was awful so I tried the other half and it's pretty gross. I would give zero stars if possible because it didn't work at all.
These are great! Smell wonderful!  Got them as gifts for friends at Xmas.  They loved them.
Cute gift for the Halloween lover!
Exstreamly cheaply made
No body wants to receive something dirty or broken for something this personal. It has a strong oder and the hole at the top isn't even big enough for the tip for a proper seal. I have terrible bowel problems and I'm constantly having to buy 95 cent enemas and Honestly they are better than this.
Doesn’t work as well as sonic care
Love this product! I buy it for myself and always keep a supply for my arthritic mother! So soothing and works wonders on achy muscles!
Decent and smells nice and faint, but doesn't get poop stains all the way out.
Bought this for my neighbor, and she loves it!
Buying bug spray for a toddler is not easy. Which ingredients are safe? Will it work if it is deed free? Is it easy to useapply?Yes, yes and yes. I love the UV protection.
My first Wen product and I see a big improvement in my hair! It smells great and leaves hair manageable and looking full and healthy. I will definitely be a return customer. My hair dresser sees a difference. He says his customers that use Wen have longer lasting color.
My 11 year was diagnosed with Sever's disease and these have worked so well to ease his heel pain. He has a pair in his regular sneakers and a pair in his tennis shoes. They have made a huge difference. I highly recommend for anyone who's child has the same issue.
My family loves this game! We always can squeeze in one or two games after dinner and before bed. My 8 and 5 year old boys think it is so fun! A great game that is entertaining for both kids and adults.
We purchased this for our baby's room. We already had one for our own bedroom and loved it. Totally drowns out the sounds of life outside the window and allows for a deeper sleep.Our baby now associates the noise machine with sleeping and her eyelids start drooping the moment we turn it on.Four stars because it does seem that the noise gets softermuffled after a few months of use. I thought maybe this was just me going deaf, but I don't think so. The new one we got for the baby is definitely louder than our old workhorse. I also think the holes in the machine that are supposed to allow you to vary the volume of sound don't really do enough. There is a noticeable difference in volume but not enough range.Updated review February 2017: One of our machines has developed a truly irritating rattle. It took a couple days of terrible sleep before I figured it out. Like another reviewer mentioned, it seems better if the machine is on an angle, but the rattle is so unpredictable. I'm ordering a replacement and hoping this is just the result of years of nightly use and not some sort of manufacturing quality issue. Our device and the newer one we got for our daughter are identical and we've moved them around enough that we don't know which was the original anymore.
Purchased this twice & each time it came leaking and sticky everywhere. Had to throw it away twice, as I was non usable.
I have ordered these supplements several times.  They always come quickly and are a very easily absorbed calcium with other trace minerals.
The bristles only extend about halfway up my teeth.  My teeth were not clean after using this. It's in the trash already.
I have found these to be really great at taking advantage of all the health benefits of coconut oil. I am not a huge coconut oil fan taste wise, but these are just fine and I can take them no problem. I do find at three pills a time that it is a bit much to take especially with the pills being big. I noticed a little bit of an energy boost so far, but that's about it. I just really like that I can safety take it while breastfeeding and it can still help me lose the baby weight.
I got this as a gift for my nephew who is struggling with depression and medical problems. The black tourmaline is perfect to cleanse his space of negative energy and will promote healing. He loved it and really enjoyed spreading out the branches and leaves to his liking. This is a great gift and the black tourmaline is beautiful.
Honestly? I was skeptical about the quality- but I am very pleased with the look and heavy feel of these plates. They looked so good and fit my rose gold theme perfectly. These held up to pizza, Mexican dip (which is heavy) and a heavy dense cake.
This is useful and seems durable. It's replacing a similar cane I bought a year ago, which bent, but that was a different design for the leg and seemed less durable. I hope this one will last. I use a different cane in the summer but find it useful to have a light on the cane in the winter when I have to see ice and snow to walk. The flashing red light is very useful for crossing the street at night. The alarm might not seem like a great idea but let's be honest; there are people who attack cripples and I ended up needing the alarm only 2 days after I got the cane when I was randomly attacked near my home.I get a lot of compliments on it from people who are impressed with the idea of a cane with lights built in.
I find it very useful. People who notice it say really nice things about it, which makes me feel good because they're noticing that my cane is cool instead of that I'm a cripple who needs a cane. And rather to my surprise, two days after I got it I was attacked on the street, so I needed the alarm.On the downside, I find I accidentally turn on the light a little too often, I have accidentally made the batteries fall out (When I was at Disney World, and needed them), and a couple times I have accidentally turned on the alarm (also while I was at Disney World, in a crowded room - and boy did people stare). But I can't really expect it to be harder to activate or it wouldn't be useful, and a cripple doesn't want the battery compartment to be too difficult to open, right? Also, it's *slightly* bent after a few months of use, so it's not holding the weight of a normal person as well as I might like. But I can afford to buy another one if it only lasts a year, so I'm not too upset.
I bought this to catch the few stray hairs missed by several rounds of laser hair removal on my legs. The epilator requires multiple passes on some patches. I feel it pulling, but it doesn't get everything. I haven't used an epilator since the 1980s so I'm not sure if this is how they all are or if this one is weak. In any case, having the electric razor option is nice for the few I can't get. I have also tried the heel sander on my feet. Seems okay, but I didn't buy it for that.
My wife liked them ok.
These work great!  I love that I don't have to mix my shakes before going to the gym... they just taste funny if they've been sitting for awhile.  These are great sizes (more than enough room in each for any dose) and they clean easily.  Obviously; it doubles as a funnel so I'm not spilling powder all over.  I do kinda wish the lower opening was wider... but whatever.  Great product.  I've had several friends ask how to get some for themselves
Needed these for a state fair project and they were perfect!
I really liked the description of these and also the reviews that said they blocked all noise. Well, not for me. I read the directions and followed them to a T. The earplugs would not stay in my ears no matter how long I held them so they could "reinflate". It was a waste of money for me.
Last minute gift for a 15 year old hockey fan. Arrived on time & he appeared happy. Can't comment on the game as we did not play.
READ REVIEWS ON THIS FOR 1 WEEK ON YOUTUBE AND WHEN I TELL U....MY STOOLS ARE GREAT. NO ISSUES. NO STOMACH ISSUES MAKES U FEEL GREAT. THIS PRODUCT IS ALSO GOOD FOR PPL WHO MIGHT HAVE HPV. JUST FYI. IT HELPS CLEARS IT.
NO ISSUES WORKS GREAT I GUESS
Disappointing that only 10 of the 20 pieces I received have an opening large enough for 30mm cabochons.  If you order these, make sure you have smaller cabochons on hand as well.Otherwise, this is a nice product.
This did things to an old rug I thought not remotely possible - including not animal related spots!  I extremely highly recommend,
I bought this for my granddaughter and my daughter gets stopped all the time asked where she got it!  I fits her well and she looks darling in it!
Too firm.
perfect for my nature art supply themed Easter baskets! focusing on activities for kids during our corona home stay :)
Very few bags of this size, from my experience, have drawstrings, which is exactly why I bought it. And, it's very durable, as well.
&#34;Exfoliating&#34;? The scrub pad is far too smooth for a satisfying scrub and I can hear stitching ripping as I attempt to &#34;exfoliate&#34; - give this another week or so before dissolution. The sizelength of the scrubber is perfect however.
This pill box is pretty big, but it has to be to hold 31 days of medication.  The daily  pill containers are not huge, but the individual compartments will hold the six pills I take once a day, and few pills two more times a day.  The pill splitter is a nice addition also.  My wife is traveling for a month and she was worried I wouldn't take the right medicine while she was gone.  Now she can fill this pill box up for a month.  It's just he right pill box for my situation.  Glad I found it on Amazon, I was going to buy several small pill boxes.  The quality is good enough and should last a few years.
I think this is the best bath Brush I've ever owned!!!!!!!! I love it!!!!!!!!!!!
Simple: Wash, apply, sleep on it. Depending on one's body chemistry,  you' ve got yourselfa couple of days to perhaps a week of freedom from deodorant application. This stuff isthe cat's meow! Thanks Lavilin.
Being in an office environment, it is often stuffy, can cause your nose to bleed, etc. I think this is a great product to relieve the problem of being stuck in a tight office environment where fresh air is not possible bc you can't open a window. I use it in my office when necessary.
So I had been buying the primal life dirty mouth tooth powder and was loving it except the price was gouging me. So I went on the hunt for a more affordable tooth powder option. I stumbled upon this for half the price and decided to give it a go. In terms of tooth cleanliness it probably works about the same? Ya about the same however, it sucks every single last drop of moisture out of your mouth the second it hits it. The mint is also not very strong at all. It in no way helps freshen my breath and my husband and I have started having to use mouth wash which IMO defeats the purpose of going chemical free. Also, because it does suck moisture out I’ve found that chunks of it get stuck to my teeth or gums and I have to do a clean run through of my toothbrush with just water on it to get this off. Just swigging with water won’t do it. We’ve hand this over a month and still have over half the jar left so honestly it’s a good amount of product for what you pay...I’m still on the fence though if I’m gonna reorder this or go back to the primal life toothe powder....
This has done wonders in helping to heal my babies dry eczema prone skin! I alternate between this and mustella for eczema prone skin and now her skin is super soft and supple. No more dry flakey patches. Mustella in the morning this at night. So glad I found something that works finally!
I was really excited to get this for my husband but the power button does not work. It only turns on if I push the speed button... but since that turns it on, I cant change the speed... if my husband tries to put any pressure on it (lay his neck on it) it just shuts off! Very disappointed...
SELLING CARRIER OIL WITH MAYBE A DROP OR TWO OF THE NAMED OIL. I purchased a three bottle set in a department store, does not have any aroma whatsoever!!!
Well - I plugged it in, it spins up a small fan (low humming sound), and the internal UV light works.I assume it's working and killing off bad bacteria.  We'll see how it works over time.
My husband loves camay and I found this is a great way to purchase it.  The soap came wrapped well and in great time.  I would buy again!
I purchased this jewelry organizer as a gift for my mom who travels a lot by plane and had been transporting her poor jewelry in plastic bags.  She and I are both happier now that she has this case!My mom is a no-nonsense sort of gal, so I knew that any organizer I tried to get her to use would need to be extremely functional.  This one is!  Only a few steps to get jewelry in or out and everything has traveled safely in it!The size of the organizer is nice too.  A week's worth of jewelry easily fits inside and the whole case is small enough to go safely in a carry-on (my mom and I never puts our jewelry in checked baggage).I think I'll get one for myself too!
These Sanyos are the most consistently performing rechargeables on the market.  Fast cycle recharge (I use a digital Maha), hold a charge when lying idle for many months, and have a discharge life almost as long as an alkaline (maybe 80% as long, by non-scientific observation).  Not cheap, but you'll love them if you have a digital charger.
Description says 4pairs, but only 4pcs =2pairs in package, feel cheated，returned. And found 4pairs with the similar price from other seller.
My daughter is a soccer champ in her own right but Megan is her favorite. She loves it. (I do wish they came with a simple stand…)
Product was supposed to include 4 rubber feet. Mine only came with one
This is my third main warmer. I love it and it’s worth the money.
Love it!! It works!!! No bug bites or sunburns plus no Icky bug spray smell. I use it on my 8 month old, and no rash or reactions.
Absolutely horrible. These are like cheap thin mylar. Disposable; one use only. They can't be reused. They were so frustrating to wrap up (much worse than real Christmas presents). You have to assemble them. They lose air fast!
Decent. It's fish oil, how great can it be. Lemon is a nice touch though.
Doesn’t do a great job brushing your teeth. I’ve used an electric toothbrush for years. Your teeth don’t feel really clean after using this. The WaterPik attachment  isn’t  great doesn’t seem to have enough pressure. Wish I would’ve just spent more money and bought the WaterPik toothbrush combination.
Although it takes a few to get any kind of lather or soap feeling, they were nice to have on our trip because they were light and there was no chance of them spilling. Washed socks and undies.
Not sure after using it only one time so far
One of the better variety of Balance bars varieties. Super yummy, CANDY BAR LIKE! I almost wish I had never even found or tried these because they are almost too good.
Great seller. We had an issue, no fault of the seller's, but they still fixed it for us! The vitamin E oil is great. I use it on my face at night after I shower. Love it.
Previously purchased
We've had one for a few years and bought a second to give as a gift, love the packaging and color choice!
My husband perspires easily. He used the wax, but shortly after it dissolved in the wax. Others may have better results.
I threw these away almost as soon as I opened them up.  Way too short!  Didn'tt fit at all.
Great glasses! Nice style!
Don’t Think I actually need this . Wanted it but I notice I hardly use it. Quality is great though!!!
 PROS: Compact, work well, come with bag and coversCONS: none
I felt a little mixed about this foot peel at first.  Nothing happened for about 4 days.  No peeling.  Then after a shower on about the 4th day my feet started peeling like crazy for about 4 more days.  In my ignorance I did this prior to an outing which required my bare feet to not look diseased so I scrubbed them like crazy w one of those cheese grater things. Even after that they were STILL peeling.  I would just say, use this with some caution.  You DO NOT want to use this right before a beach vacation.  If you do it 2 to 3 weeks before you want your feet looking good then you should be fine.
The two buttons are not enough. I needed 3 buttons on each flap side in order to secure it. For both my toddler and newborn.
The beautiful aroma of roses stays on your mat- faintly, not overwhelming. Very easy to use, spray on cloth, wipe it down, let it dry.  All natural, which I love, and will not harm your mat!  A great product for your cherished Yoga mat  I would highly recommend this product.
I found this silver ion deodorant at Wal-Mart a couple of years ago but they stopped selling it so I looked everywhere else and could not find it.  In a fit of desperation, I looked on Amazon, and there it was.  I love the deodorant because I understand how silver ion technology works to stop bacterial growth.  When I first saw it, I knew it was going to work very well.  It works exceptionally well.  It actually works the often promised but seldom delivered - two days!  This is the type of deodorant I will use from now on if I can find it.  You should never use anti-perspirant and always only use a deodorant.  The reason is that anti-perspirant contains aluminum and it is a heavy metal that gets absorbed under your arm and is deposited in the fat cells of your brain where it remains for the rest of your life.  Doctors are beginning to understand that this heavy metal accumulation, along with mercury and lead, can contribute to the development and onset of Alzheimer’s disease.
I found this silver ion deodorant at Wal-Mart a couple of years ago but they stopped selling it so I looked everywhere else and could not find it.  In a fit of desperation, I looked on Amazon, and there it was.  I love the deodorant because I understand how silver ion technology works to stop bacterial growth.  When I first saw it, I knew it was going to work very well.  It works exceptionally well.  It actually works the often promised but seldom delivered - two days!  This is the type of deodorant I will use from now on if I can find it.  You should never use anti-perspirant and always only use a deodorant.  The reason is that anti-perspirant contains aluminum and it is a heavy metal that gets absorbed under your arm and is deposited in the fat cells of your brain where it remains for the rest of your life.  Doctors are beginning to understand that this heavy metal accumulation, along with mercury and lead, can contribute to the development and onset of Alzheimer’s disease.
Second one. This time is for my friend. Perfect product!
Easy to carry. And works perfectly.
I don't understand how anybody could like this oil. It smells exactly like house paint. I expected earthy, herbal chamomile and got house paint. Had a couple of other people sanity check my nose - they both agreed it smelled like nothing but paint fumes. No idea.
as expected fresh product date perfect
I don't like perfume in my skin cream ,and this reminds me of my grandmother's perfume from the 60's!As soon as I put it on my face I had to wash it off within ten minutes because I got a severe headache within minutes after putting it on.For anyone with allergies to fragrances,  (especially horrible ones)beware!!My mistake for not reading the label and thinking it had all natural ingredients which it doesn't--however, it would have gone back with the frangrance anyway.I will stick to my tried and true Jasons...thats what happens when you try and save!
Barley Max has a pretty good taste but when they added the mint I couldn't hardly drink it.  It has a sweet taste.  It just doesn't work.  I will continue to get Barley Max without the additional ingredients.I will say that this is an excellent product for adding greens to the diet.
The wide mouth of the container makes getting a spoonful of syrup super easy, and the consistency isn't thick or too runny, so this is by far the most convenient yacon syrup purchase I've made. Everything else was great too, the flavor, shipping time, packaging, etc. But the main thing is I can quickly and cleanly get a spoonful out and get on with my day. So this is the one I will put on re-order. Thank you!
Nice product - but beware that cornstarch can cause fungal growth, yet breathing and applying talc has a whole other set of problems.
great product and Multiple Uses! Great on beards & use one for dog massage and hair removal
Good shampoo-it relatively safe for human use because it is  %organic.  Nice scent.
I am very happy with the product and the seller services.  I have used this Vita-C serum mixed with my Clinique moisturizer for several years.  It is GREAT to see it available on Amazon with quick shipping. Thank you.
The only sturdy travel transparent case out there..
I try to do what I can for the environment, so I love this brand. I brought them with me to serve my specialty cocktails in for 4th of July and was feeling a lot better than if they were a Solo cup.
Nice color and works well.
Nothing is listed on this product that it comes from China till you make your purchase. This is a China Product. I believe AMAZON has the responsibility to let the buyers know why here products are coming from!!!!
Great product.  Great service.
I bought this bag to create a trauma kit specifically designed for treating gunshot wounds (civilian living in area with frequent gangpolice shootings and minimum of 15-20 minutes until medical attention, assuming you carry victim and drive them to hospital, as paramedic help would take hours to arrive). I could not find a pre-packaged trauma kit with the supplies essential for providing care in this situation, so I read quite a bit and made my own. This bag was the perfect size to house the supplies.To give an idea of what fits in the bag, I've included how I packaged it (see pictures as well):Left pocket: Large supply of latex-free gloves and extra ziploc bagsRight pocket: severe trauma items (Celox granules with applicator for internal bleedinggunshot wound, Israeli bandage, and tourniquet)Central pocket: Celox granule packets, headlamp, shears, CPR face shields, emergency blanket, 2x3 non-stick pads, 4x4 gauze pads, compression bandages, gauze rolls, medical tape, 5x9 trauma pads, tampons (to stuff gunshot wounds), HyFin Vent chest seals (2 - for entry and exit wound), and petroleum jelly (in case of multiple sucking chest wounds at same time, can be used with gauze pads taping 3 sides to allow air out and prevent from entering)I also purchased the MegaMover 1500 portable transport unit due to being in a setting where the victim would need to be carried a significant distance to reach the nearest road. It does not fit in the kit, but we store them together. Thankfully, we have not had to use anything since making the kit, but after someone died last year due to delayed medical attention after being shot by police, we felt it was essential to have a kit that could save someone's life during those ~20 minutes before a professional can take over.In addition to being the right size for a trauma kit, another plus of the bag is that it has the universal medical symbol on it - something that signals to police and gang members alike that you are there to provide medical aid and do not pose a threat.
Used this to make my vanilla! LOVE THIS STUFF! Best vanilla ever! Would buy again!
Good product.  Gets my little girl to floss and brush her teeth.  My only issue is that I think it is a bit pricey
I love this natural deodorant! No rash, no musty smells, and no worries! I'm new to this but my guy has been using it for awhile and swears by it and has gotten me on it too! Adrinathevegan approved!
Not good for my homemade cosmetics — compared to other organic grapeseed oils, this one is deep yellowish green in color with a very pungent almost sour smell. I had previously been using a different grapeseed oil that was near odorless and had only a very faint pale yellow color.
These cards are beautiful inside and out and contain verses from the King James Version of the Bible which is what I wanted.
Love it! Perfect for the AM thermogenic and protein!
This snack is really delicious and it’s packed full of energy
I purchased this product to use under Leukotape at the recommendation of my physical therapist. I've used it on my knees, feet, and back, and found it to be tremendously helpful in supporting my joints and relieving pain.
I could not get past the taste of these supplements. I can't really comment on how well they work because they tasted so bad that I couldn't keep them down. If I need these again, I will not purchase this brand.
The yellow shelf fell apart in my hand as I was trying to install it.  As I tightened the wingnut, it unscrewed itself from the wood.  I'll need to get some glue and see if that will fix it.
Bought this for my 88 year old mom who couldn't read her old scale. Super easy for her to use and read - the numbers are HUGE!
as described - recommended seller
The product is exactly as described.  It is perfect for the size of my hand and the right amount of sponge to give me the results i am looking for.
Doesn't make sense. This product is perfect for vegetarians and they would make more money if they didn't use gelatin capsules. (cause more people could buy it)
Did work for me. I cannot wear backpacks because they hurt my shoulders and this was like wearing a backpack. Very uncomfortable for me.
Great product and I would imagine this &#34;sponge&#34; lasts a long time.  No wasted makeup. Spreads foundation evenly. So glad I got it as now I feel like my make up is fresh and not mixed with old dried out makeup still in the sponge. Saves on foundation too as there's almost nothing left behind. Can be rinsed off so fresh with each use. Great idea!!!!
Seller is advertising product as easy to swallow. They are NOT. These capsules are almost an inch long and about 1.25 inches in circumference. They are among the largest, if not the largest, capsules I have come across so I measured them. Many older people have trouble swallowing and these could very well be dangerous for them. I have a smallish throat so I bought these believing the &#34;easy to swallow&#34; advertising, which I find deceiving. Will not purchase again.
The product you get comes in three syringes. You apply 1ml to a spoon and eat the gel. It's fussy, and kind of weirdly flavored. The whole syringe thing is weird. It is best refrigerated after you open each syringe. Yes, I believe it is a good product and effective! However, the delivery system is really most suitable for people who have syringe fetishes and a lot of time on their hands. I'd much prefer to have had the product in a softgel.
All of the ingredients in this combination are well thought out and researched, and patented, potent forms of them are included. There is no magnesium stearate, etc. in the capsules. I find that this combination helps keep me focused and yet less stressed. Sometimes i take in the evening but it's equally good in the morning. The cost is relatively high for 2 capsuleday use but during a particularly stressful period it is worth it. I find taking 1day works for me, but my body weight is not much over 100#.
This has a really good lemonlime Mountain Dew Baja Blast flavor.  it mixes well and does what it needs to do! I The tub is very small! I didn't realize that it was a sample size. So the price isn't as attractive as it seems.  Other than that complaint, I can recommend it. Isn't too sweet, and definitely works.
I really like using acacia senegal for gut health, and this is a high quality product. Easy to add to any beverage or protein powder mix. Try it!
This is a great way to get zinc, which has so many valuable properties for health. Just a few good tasting drops per day of this readily absorbed form and you're good to go. One less capsule or tablet to take. Good value.
There have been a plethora of supplements available on amazon that are clearly manufactured in China, with laughable Chinglish ad copy and over the top photos of usually blonde people having a great time. Some of them are downright poor quality, while others seem to be produced with more care and integrity. This falls in the latter category. An inscrutable part of the ad copy states: "Compare to physician formulated seeking health." There is a claim to check out their awards in the photo section, which reveals nothing more than badges stating things like "non-GMO" (without mentioning any of the governing bodies that regulate or oversee such claims), "100% guarantee," etc. It states the product is manufactured for a company in Florida.  There are 10 different commonly used strains; the capsules are on the larger size considering the dosage (10 B CFU). There is no indication that the product was designed to withstand stomach acid and deliver the full dosage to the gut, but is seems to work as expected. However, I take probiotics daily and have no major issues. If you suffer from IBS, frequent candida, or other serious issues, you might be better off with a more well researched combination from a reputable and well known company, but for ogeneral use this seems a decent choice.
These are great glasses to stash around the house because almost everyone can wear them, and 1.50 can help almost everyone but are not too strong. It's fun to have three different color frames, in color-coordinated snug fitting protective cases. The frames are lightweight and comfortable. I don't expect them to survive being sat upon, for instance; the plastic feels like it would snap. But they seem like they are durable. I find that they are best for reading a book, or a computer, where you are not moving your head very much, because the focal point is fairly specific. Once you turn your head a little bit, the focal point changes. More expensive glasses don't seem to do this. All in all, they are great for an emergency or -- for instance -- in the bathroom in case you need to read some fine print on a medication bottle, etc.
Ziploc bags are, in my opinion, the most reliable. These bags are the same as the plain ones in the store, but with a large Green Bay Packers logo on one side. You can see what is in the bag on the backside. If you are a Packers fan, these will cheer you up. The logo is easy to ignore if you don't care about football! Gallon size is perfect for so many things!
Love this!
Gave me a bad headache after about 3 nights of usage
This is effective for bad breath, especially for people with SIBO with Hydrogen Sulfide back up (smells like rotten eggs) it makes the bad breath go away for 1 day... I use 5 of the scoops that it came with per serving.
Excellent product. I noticed a long time ago that Sauerkraut puts me in a good mood.. and later read somewhere that there are certain probiotics that when they reach the gut they can produce certain neurotransmitters and if the person lacks them (not everyone) it will help their mood.Anyways, the reason i gave it a 3 star is because of the price.... I mean WTH? i expect to get it cheaper on amazon not more expensive! I buy this same bottle for $6.49 at the Sprouts Market! ... Frankly if I have to buy it for $11 i just buy some containers of Sauerkraut and drain and drink the juice and it will be cheaper... I go through a bottle of this every 3 days.
I take it with meals (especially ones that are heavy in fat) and it helps with digestion... I used to get bloated and my motility (bowel movements) would be slow.. but taking this product along with my main meals gets ride of the bloating... also I feel a little more energy  in a sense that since I am not bloated all the time, I have an easier time to move around and be active...
Very nice dispenser and I keep it in my kitchen because it is a much more economical way to keep and use paper towels .
I use for nights not for industrial work.  For sleeping they are small, soft,gentle pressure.  Large ear holes and loud environs-? plus a usable mask.
Not too hot, supportive medium stretch and compression.
As you can see by my pic that the wrap only wraps the neck.  I was hoping it would come around the shoulders as pictured, but it doesn’t.  It’s very nice for the neck though.  The velcro on the cover is extremely strong and gets stuck on other parts of the wrap if you are not careful when opening it, not a big deal, just tricky.  I like that it does Velcro fasten around the neck, no slipping off.  It stays warm longer than the one I currently have which is a huge plus.  I would give this a 9 for sure, only because I wish it came down more around back at the trap and top of shoulder, I have a pinched nerve there!
I have nasal issues, and like my mother, boxes of tissue in every room and car.  I don’t have cup holders in my car, but these would work perfectly there.  They are not super soft and thick but not thin and rough either, so they’re fine.  My only recommendation is to look at the diagram on Amazon on how to open it up, I didn’t and ripped off the top, I taped it back together tougher and the canister works great, one coming out after one is pulled up and out very easily.
I took off one star due to the cotton wrapping around each earplug. It was very hard to get off, it took a while for just one.  I just found out why:  It was very HOT yesterday, I opened one this morning only 70 in here now and the cotton came right off. I added a star back on to 5.  The cotton is not a problem.  I think the reason noted in packaging for the cotton was not to use plastic? More earth friendly? However, there was no need to wrap these in anything.  I use Macks, they come open in a row, they are a different material, but same could have been done with these.  I finally unwrapped one and it fit and molded into my ear nicely.
Baggy, didn't fit properly, middle finger was tiny, which is your longest finger.  Sent back
Best product on the market for cleaning!  I am so glad I discovered these.  I use them to clean my tile floor, bathtub, refrigerator, counter tops etc.  They clean so well you don't really need to use much cleaning solution. If you haven't tried these, you should.
I ordered this for my furbaby, as water through a dropper, is the only way he will drink water. Droppers alone,  are really hard to find in stores around here. Usually the dispenser for giving meds to kids is included in package and the price is higher than here at Amazon. So far it serves the purpose  for which I purchased it. Also I found a small brush that fits into the dropper for thorough cleaning. Well worth the purchase.
This was from the second or third batch we purchased.  They work so well and are actually so comfortable we've occasionally forgotten to take them off!
Never again! Totally ruined our mattress, even though I added more elastic to the straps, it is now very uneven and indented where the mat was placed. Constantly shocked me. So much happier now that we took it off. Had it on for 2 years...never again!!
these are so low quality, the broke in pieces right after I put them on, leaving me with just nails in my shoes
Excellent traction device.  Very helpful.  Good quality materials.
It works!  Easy to apply, doesn't damage fabric.  Disposable is very convenient.
They do the trick.
Gets rid of the bulk before i straighten it :) Much better than the first one I bought.. it didnt work at all... and those people sent me a faulty product. But with this i got what i expected. I have super thick curly hair btw.
These are perfect for home manicures.
Doesn’t stay on, falls constantly while using. Dangerous. I only weigh 135 lbs and I can’t rest my foot on it. DO NOT BUY
These are well flavored drops.  I used it for vape juice flavoring and my husband enjoyed the flavor and had no complaints.
I really like this product but it is a bit pricy for us and that is the only reason for the 4 star.  Do recommend!!
As many of you know, elephant exchanges can get intense. This product right here kept everyone on their toes to get it. Awesome gift.
Discreet packaging, padded envelope that makes it appear as tools.Heads up, if it gets hard to blow through, it's from overuse and it just needs to dry off
Very good quality fish oil. I use it myself and give it to my kids too.
We love this scale! It was quite expensive but being that a scale lasts a long time i think it was worth it.
I really like the taste ...freshens the mouth and gums and I see my gums are pinkish as opposed to red ...Definitely does something! Thank you Vitalina!
i really like this stuff .it makes my skin feel smooth ...and fine lines seem to disappear
Very nice bath brushes!
I started stocking up on THM products several months ago so by New Year's day, I would be able to start switching my diet and lifestyle over to THM completely.This sweetener is a perfect blend for a super sweet mix.  It's perfect for all of your baking needs.  This is one of those items I will never let myself run out of.It's also pure, and much better for you than sugar or artificial sweeteners.  There is nothing artificial about this pure product!  I highly recommend it!
Awesome cause I can stomache drinking apple cider vinager
This is the best ever no lies to any caps to used Amen
I'm thinking that this thing would've been bigger than that tiny thing (i've gotten in my mailed box SMH) but guessed wrong SMH I've had kept my money I used it once and didn't have my skin feeling flawless right so I'm better than using my hands instead of using this seriously OMG when I washed my face with my hands it feels super flawless soft and also right with the face washed I gotten from the store makes it's super flawless soft and cleaned as ever hands down seriously!!!!!? God bless
These are soft and really makes you feel good even when scrubbing hard, I will say it's cheaper to buy them in the store though
I have had this item for a year. It is the perfect firmness for the brushes. I get that great tingling feeling of blood rushing before I jump in the shower. I spray it with rubbing alcoholvinegar mix to keep it clean and keep it under my bathroom sink. I like that the head doesn’t detach and I can do my dry brushing in 5min. Super easy and well made!
I love this Juul skin but it’s already peeling off and I’ve only had it a couple of days. But otherwise it’s perfect!!!
they break easily. i keep getting packs that have bulbs with exposed wires and detached bases. other than that, they work really well. perfect daylight balanced bulbs, very bright. I replaced my entire house with these bulbs and surprisingly my utilities bill decreased
I've used many different whitening pens and decided to try this product. I liked it better than most because of the thickness of gel.  But after just a week the tip came off, I put it back on but realized it was empty.  I was like..what?...I used it the same as any of the others I have purchased and this ran out much faster.  Likely I bought two so I had a backup but unless the amount of gel in the product changes I will not repurchase.
And have loved it for years!! I keep this in the shower and when I am done, before toweling dry, I spray it all over. Esp on elbows, knees & feet. Then I towel dry.  Sometimes I'll spray a lil on my body when dry if I'm going for that soft, sexy, not too shiney look ;)  Awesome Product! Highly recommend!!
I like this product. It does the job. I just don’t like how if you don’t wipe it totally off, there’s pink residue that sits on your things. I mean, unless you know it’s cleaner, it ends up looking gross. Maybe I just need to do a better job cleaning? I’m not sure.
Does the job.
Because I cannot take such large capsules, I have to open them up and mix with juice. This tastes pretty good compared to most. So far so good!
Did not make any difference for me
Don’t waste your money. Just buy some apple cider vinegar, it works much better.
Package was a little beat, but colognes were intact.
It worked great for a month and then one day the bottom leg fell off and now won't work and themed won't go back on....
This is A lot more practical than I expected it to be. Great reminder
Great stick! Just don't forget that you put it on when you need to utilize the water closet
Wonderful product at a great price.  I've been on prescription sleep aids for years and this product combined with Liftmode's 5-htp, and over-the-counter Ateril has allowed me to fall asleep naturally for the first time in years.  I love the purity of the product,(and the little measuring spoon that comes with it).  Will definitely be buying more.  Thank you so much.
It makes a little product go a LONG way.  Very easy to clean.  I usually use makeup brushes for my daily application but I received this as a gift and wanted to see what all the internet hype was about.  I watched A LOT of tutorials online before using it for the first time. There were a lot of mixed reviews on it: some loved it but others hated it. It takes longer to blend than my brushes but the finish is amazing with so little product being used! One potential improvement I would recommend is making the ends smaller so that it is easier getting into areas such as underneath and in the inner corner of my eyes and around my brows.
These are nice files for the price. They file well, leave nails feeling smooth, and they're WASHABLE! I've had them a few months now and my file hasn't dulled or lost strength. Excellent purchase!
Received Selenite Generator on time and it was more that I expected. I would recommend this Generator.
I like this product.I recommended 100% percent.Really works
They look good. Are totally transparent. Don't have a good coverage for my  eyelids though ( age related). I tried several strips. I followed the instructions. After about 2 hours they dried out and peeled off
I am almost 50 and have noticed my focus and concentration on the decline. I noticed a tremendous difference on the 2 dose 2 day!I was able to stay focused on a project for over 10 overs with distraction.I am beginning to feel like my younger self!
I chose the "Sweet" over the "Savory" based upon the vegetables I like more, but I didn't care for the taste of this.  It changed the flavor of any food I added it to, so it's still sitting on my counter over a month later.
Nice and heavy duty. Was perfect
It helps take some pressure off my back...The only reason why I have 3 stars is because I can't sit with this belt for more than 15 or it starts to give me cramps and allot of pressure on my stomach ...So Everytime you sit down you have to take it off, that's the only bad thing
I love this stuff.  I have a low thyroid and use this all the time to stay &#34;regular&#34;.  It does taste a bit chalky if you don't mix with something.  I put in my morning smoothie and blend it in and it works great.
Not sure if it deserves 3 stars...But I’ll keep using it to give it two out of three tries.
Great for those bitterly cold nights when cold feet won't allow you to fall asleep.  Runs a little tight.  It does its job.  Don't try to walk in it.
Smells so clean. Not a strong smell.  I'll buy more of this. I love it.
Cute packaging and I like the scooper because it makes it really easy to fill my water bottles. This cherry flavor is really off. It has a weird aftertaste that's sort of plasticky.I drink caffeine powder mixes daily and this wasn't what I expected. It didn't smell weird to me like another person commented but the flavor isn't good at all.  The other flavors might be better.
I have a smallish face and these still fit me. I like that there's basically 3 layers if you count the pouch for the filter.The only thing I don't like about this mask is I don't feel like it seals around my face.  I'm going to order those adhesive metal nose strips to see if those would help.  This does not come with a strip in the nose part.This mask seems like it's made well and the ear loops are adjustable to fit most faces.
I ordered these because I can usually wear kid size mask and I wanted something that looked less threatening when I run in my neighborhood with a mask on.The adjustable loops fit my ears fine. The mask itself fits fine but it's almost too small and not comfortable enough for running because I feel that it's not going to stay up over my nose.I think this mask is best for preteens or younger. It's well made and the outside layer feels like a tightly weaved cotton fabric. The inside fabric is t-shirtJersey cotton. I can breathe fine with it on despite it feeling pretty thick.The bunny mask bled on the print and now it has a light pinkish discoloration on the white part. All the other mask washed and hung dry fine.
A nice change from all those orange flavored vitamin C gummies. I kept thinking these were blueberry flavored but they are supposed to be grape.  I think it could pass for either because the flavor isn't very strong.I love that these are vegan and the cute little gummy bear shapes. You are supposed to take 2 a day.  I've been taking these everyday along with my regular multivitamins. There's only 20mg of vitamin C in each serving but it's an extra boost on the amount I'm already taking, plus there's zinc (3mg) and echinacea (10mg).
I love this brand! These came at the perfect time because everyone around me has a cold. These are a lot more gentler on my nose than the weird off brand my company orders.  These don't dry my nose out as bad at the others.I like that these are thick and don't fall apart and the boxes have an appealing design.
Love the large size, does the job!
I gave this to a friend with thinner thighs and calves. Do not recommend for heavy persons with added bulk in these areas. Sides of tub press uncomfortably against calves or can get only one leg in at a time. My friend wears a size 15 shoe and has ample room for his feet.
Been using this for a while now in my smoothies with my vitamix blender. Delicious! Best way to eat them greens
Perfect for the office. People love them!
Did not have nearly the amount of shoulder correction I was looking for. Provides basic lower back support, same as a wrap support would, and a slight pull-back for the shoulders, but not that much.
I got this for my daughter who's almost four years old. We can't find any bigger swim diapers anywhere for her and I'm so glad I found this! She's not potty trained due to disability and I'm glad there's something out there for someone like her so she's able to keep swimming practice since the pool doesn't allow those disposable ones anymore. I'd imagine that there would be many out there who could use these big swim diapers too. I like the basic colors. We can pretty much use this on her with any cute swimsuits over it. Can't even tell that this is underneath her swimsuit! Thank you pool pal!
Works great for the Price!!!!! I wash my face with it twice a day gets thru that great...I message my husband forehead & back with it be loves it everything I do, I do it so very gentle...it can not withhold very much pressure...but it 150% works for Sat I got it for at great price!! The stone attachment and other 2 are beyond useless tho wish it had another brush!!!! Anyhow I can't beat that price!
I decided to give this product a try alongside my order of AeroShot Energy and based on the reviews from this product, I was actually pretty excited to get the minty-fresh-breath spray combined with the energy boost. I even bought two!EPIC FAIL. Yes, this product will give you a minty blast of breath spray that will temporarily last, however the energy level that I received after even over-usingover-spraying resulted in no more energy than I would have expected. I felt NOTHING but fresh tasting breath and cleared-up airways.I would definitely say, save your money and pass on this Primer Peppermint "ENERGY" Breath Spray. Stick with Altoids.*Note: See my review on AeroShot Energy for a product that actually works!*
Lots of boxes of tissue for the price. More than I expected!
I like that these are soft packaging. Easy to carry in your car, purse, anywhere. Good value.  Why soft on the skin. Would buy again.
I used this stuff for like 3 months and it did absolutely nothing... like nothing at all. I work out regularly and I was pretty sad about it.
Helping with tummy issues. Using with Oregano oil, too.
I didn’t actually get this since someone stole it from the lobby. But I ha e used these before and it tasted amazing and fruity. I did order it from my husband’s account and it tasted great.
Didn't work very well for me I found if my face got warm I had to reapply.
I bought this for a partially paralyzed neighbor.  Always good to have around as some days he's stronger on transfers than others.
I bought 2 more !  Eventually the lining seperated.  I'm going to see if I can sew it. Lasted a long time before it did that.
I've had severe shoulder and arm pain for about 6 months.  This gel eliminated this pain with 2 or 3 applications. WOW!!!
I think this is a good fish oil but the two things I don't like are the cholesterol and soy in it as you can find others out there without it.  The cost is high but that is what you get with a good product.
Absolutely theeee best eye glass cleaner.  It smells a little strange.  But boy does it work.  How do they figure this stuff out ?
:( nozzle won't stay on.
I love this combination of kelp and potassium.  I was feeling tired most of the time and after only using it for 2 days, I can feel an increase in my energy level.  Excellent if you use sea salt or a salt with no iodine to replenish the iodine your body needs.
I haven't hung these yet but they are beautiful and seem to be well made.  Looking forwrd to hanging them this spring!
Product did not work! Do not waste your money!
These lip balms contain essential oils. This is not disclosed in the ingredient list in the product description or in the seller's response to a question about ingredients. Those of us with allergies rely on this information being accurate, especially when a product claims to be fragrance-free. Now I have to go through the hassle of returning this product when it was misrepresented on Amazon.
I go through a LOT of this stain remover. My kids have a dress code at school, and they come home covered in stains from art class, lunch, and the playground. Prior to using this stain remover, I was throwing away clothes because I couldn't get the stains out of them. Sometimes they take a second treatment, but I haven't found anything that this stain remover doesn't get out.
My kids wear school uniforms (khakis and polos), and they come home every day with oily black marks all over their clothes from the recycled tire pieces used as a base on their playground. Additionally, they have the normal kid stains: food, paint, dirt, etc. I've never used a stain remover before but figured that would be cheaper than continuing to throw away clothes.This arrived in the mail yesterday, and as luck would have it (haha!), my daughter came home in khakis completely covered in black marks, so I got to test it right away. I followed the directions on the back of the bottle and treated the entire week's worth of uniform clothes (so some stains had had a chance to set in). After one round through the washer, about 90% of the stains were gone. I did a second treatment on a few spots and rewashed everything, and those khakis I would have otherwise thrown out were completely stain-free when I removed them from the washer. There was also a white shirt from earlier in the week that had gotten paint on it in art class, and that came out completely, too. The only stains that didn't come out were a spot that looked like it may have been from a Sharpie and a grass stain; honestly, though, these could have already gone through the laundry once before and set in, so I can't say for sure that this wouldn't have worked on them.I didn't notice this anywhere in the description, but this product does have a slight smell, kind of like baby powder. Also, it leaves a soapy residue on anything you spray it on, and clothes required extra rinses to come clean.Overall, I'm amazed at how this took really tough stains out of clothes, and I am so glad to have found something that will save us from having to constantly replace clothing. Because I went through about two-thirds of a bottle on a single load, I think I'll be buying this at Target from now on since their website has it much cheaper.
This product did not make me lose weight, but I have longer nails and thicker hair! I would recommend for the collagen!
Another great deal from BS. Great glucosamine powder, great price!
This is the 3rd different brand I have tried, and this one stands out.  It's greener, tastes fresher and seems more alive.One small complaint, and it's very small is it's a little hard to get the lumps out. No big deal, really.  I just put about 12 cupcool water in a glass and stir in the barley and wheat grass. I have to smash the lumps against the side of the glass, butthis one tastes so alive....I would not trade it....
It did take a long time to ship but I have no complaints.I have never tried Pine pollen before so I have nothing to compare it to.It got here earlier then promised.
scratched the heck out of me
I use this Make Frappuccino’s 1 teaspoon mixed with a scoop of ice and 6 ounces of cold brew whatever kind you want I like Khalifa brand with almond milk totally delicious perfect Frappuccino way way less sugar
Just finished first bottle.  Heart palpitationsfluttertachycardia has lessened some.  Constipation is better.  There could be other factors, but i noticed these changes pretty quickly.  I'm taking one star off because of the plastic bottle, and because there is no dropper included.  The plastic has to go.  I don't know what to make of the claims around &#34;picometer&#34; form and better absorption than any other form.  OTOH, what product is better than this?
This is highly reviewed by top cancer doctors and they have well documented case history on this vitamin d. Excellent for getting d up quickly and into your lymph system! TASTE GREAT! My bottle cames sealed and fresh!
1st day had a headache and jaws were clinched.  Waited a few days -(because I wanted focus and memory)- and tried with 12 of a capsule and stayed on that dose for a week without any headache or clinched jaw side effects.  After a week went to 1 full capsule and love the results.  I have so much energy, drive, motivation, focus and ability to remember.  I really think that at 67 I have lost a lot of my &#34;mind&#34;.  With Optimind, I am back like I was in my 20's.  If you think it is expensive, call them and order 6 bottles at a time, it gets the cost down to $25 a bottle.  My husband, who usually just laughs at my supplements, tried one, he takes one daily now.  Both of us love what it does for our mind and energy.  After 3 weeks on them, thought I probably should take a day and rest, well, I did rest, after cleaning out the garage, cleaning my car inside and out, two hours of  shopping and coming home to fix dinner.  Before Optimind, I would open the garage door look at the mess, and close the door - it all seemed like too big of a job. Most supplements are hype, not Optimind.  Not sure why it didn't work for the people that rated it anything less than a 5 unless they are some of the few people that still have their &#34;minds&#34; intact.  I'll gladly give up other things to afford Optimind.  Besides with Optimind, I save money from not paying others to do, what I was too tired to do or couldn't focus or think clearly enough to do.
I've been using turkey tail mushroom since 2014 ever since I was diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis. This brand is really good. Just one a day for the past couple weeks has been great. I don't feel as sluggish and I feel it does a great job protecting my liver.
Absolutely love the PowerDot and the wireless, Bluetooth capabilities. As an athlete I can take this anywhere and use it at any time without worrying about having to hold the main component. Its easy to pack, transport and use anywhere. It’s a high quality product that I would recommend to anyone of any level for any reason.
My kids and I take this for fibromyalgia (along with a protocol). It has given us back our lives.
Too grainy, I had to keep stirring it to keep it from settling so I could drink it....
They are a great fit for the lager Shark head attachment which are also harder to find.
AWESOME protein powder. LOVE IT! This is one of the best whey products I have used ! The quality is excellent, it tastes fresh and clean. Mix very well in smoothies. I have tried many whey products and this is by far the best I have used. Great marketing job on packaging, customers like me don't care about pretty box but rather a good quality product. Thank you, so happy to have found TRUproteins, will be making it one of our house staple.
I purchased these to give a few drops of medication to my dogs orally. I was terrified to use a syringe, but these are individually wrapped and very easy to use. Since I'm using to get into the medicine bottle and only get a few drops out, they work well for what I need. The needles appear thick. The syringe is well made, strong and clearly marked. I cannot speak to accuracy of ml but the plunger worked perfectly.  I searched around for a long time and ultimately decided this was the most economical purchase for my use.
I absolutely love Energetix products, especially the homeopathic formulas. I am so sensitive to supplements and foods and it was hard to find something to support my lymph during my healing journey. Lymph III has been amazing. I’m so happy I’ve found their products.
I liove this oil! I use it daily on my face. I mix my favorite essential oils in with it. It absorbs quickly and leaves my face so soft. I use a combo of this and pomegranate seed oil. No more expensive day or night creams for me.....and I've gotten compliments on how nice my skin looks,
It seems to give me energy about an hour after I drink it. Only downside is it upsets my stomach during that hour. I feel pretty good after that.
Warning: This stuff is STRONG. But if you are really really congested, this will do the trick. Make sure you keep it well away from your nose or the burn will be crazy. I use it as a double - 1 for congestion and 2 to keep me awake at work when it gets that bad.
I love healthy delights chews. I think they are a healthy alternative to swallowing a pill and they taste good too. Almost as an appetite suppresant. I will always  purchase these chews when I can.
Are you kidding me. Wonderful product with great application. Thank you. Will refer clients to you.
This was a gift to my niece for her 21st birthday. She loves it. It works perfectly for her traveling needs.
This stuff really works. I will not leave home without it
Totally happy with it. Met my needs and expectations.
The first bag i ordered was bright orange and felt and worked great as a natural vitamin C. The second and third bag i ordered were brown in color with a very different taste and smell. Not consistent and really disappointed in the quality control. Also the color of powder does not match color in product image.But I love terrasoul products so I will buy their camu camu powder nstead which is supposed to have 3x more vitamin C then acerola cherry.
This Horsetail extract is potent. I didn't realize that's it would give me energy. And it help relieve some joint and muscle pain within the hour. When I take it, I mix 18 tsp of it in the morning and another 18 tsp at night. Be careful with this stuff it's potent. On my first dose of this I tested with 14 tsp and I was bouncing off the walls.I mix this with the following powders: Nettle Root Extract, Curcumin Extract, Ginger Root Extract, Boswellia, Quercitin Extract, Acerola Cherry, Ashwagandha Extract, and Reishi Extract; which act like a natural anti-inflammatory and pain tonic.I'm also taking this Horsetail to help build strong bones due to the high silica content. Horsetail is a great supplement for strong bones and teeth since silica is what gets converted to calcium in the body. So this way I allow my body to produce natural calcium it needs to build bone.I will be buying more when I run out and look forward to the long term benefits of Horsetail.
This one dissolves easy in water, compared to previous Glucosamine that i had gotten from GNC. I was sent a free sample of Glucosamine, and have been taking it for about a week now, and notice a slight difference in my joints and muscles. I have taken Glucosamine previously, and it does take some time to fully get the benefits. So you have to be patient, but you will see results over time. I will be ordering more once i run out. Glucosamine is best taken with Chondroitin.
In simple terms they fit my switch and look so cute.
The probiotics ingredients aren't mentioned in the bottle I wouldn't purchased this again
Marine collagen was better for me
Its  smells like my hair is always burning and the plates  don't seem to keep my hair straight  for more then a few hours
Great for nails
No Santo Remedio. It didn’t work and everything smelled like it. Very strong smell.
This the Wright size for everyone
I received Cascade Complete as listed in the product description.  Good product.
Very effective pain relief patch. I mainly use it on my knees.
Nice size, noise level so-so, don't work worth a darn though. Waste of my $$.
I filled up the soap container and it was very hard to squeeze it out, so I just put the soap on the brush and showered that way! I like the brush part, soft and felt like it was getting the dry skin off, but didn’t like the fact that the liquid soap was hard to squeeze out, it is okay, but not as easy as it says in the ad..... I bought the three pack so I won’t be buying it again...
I received Cascade Complete as listed in the product description.  Good product.
This is a sturdy little bag that you can open & close many times
Great product quick delivery very satisfied
Good product!
The way the mask looked as if it was standing up in the picture I thought it was sturdy and possibly had some sort of filter but it doesn’t. It’s a flat piece of fabric across my face and it fits loose with no way of adjusting the ear loops. However it is very soft and comfortable but very much protection as one with a filter would offer.
Gentle and effective. My teeth have never been cleaner.
i do like the organic extracts in general ,the price of this product was nice packing was great ,no leaks my mom used it and she's happy with it , smells nice and the density of it was nice as she said.
i do like the organic extracts in general ,the price of this product was nice packing was great ,no leaks my mom used it and she's happy with it , smells nice and the density of it was nice as she said.
They work, they are fine! Why pay for the other brand?
The plastic seal was broken. Also, the twist seal on the lid was damaged not on the grooves of the bottle completely, so when I twisted to open it the entire thing came off. This seems to be what caused the oil to leak out in the packaging, about 15 of the bottle. It smelled strongly of lime when I opened the box, so I knew immediately it had leaked. Regarding the scent, it is refreshing and a pleasant lime smell. I would have given this 5 stars if it wouldn't have leaked.
My whole family likes these. They have great battery life and make your teeth feel soooo clean!
Was very happy with this product and seller. Would buy again.
Exactly as expected. I just throw it in the washer when done. Works well on my floors, I recommend these.
Shaker cup is decent, will get the job done. Really bought this for the plant based sample shakes. Loved the quality of the shakes and also their flavors. You can't expect much in flavor when it comes to these types of shakes but you will feel great after getting consistent with them!
fits better than the knock-offs, but pricey since model is discontinued
I was hoping this was the original formula, but it is not. I used this detergent with my last 2 kids so I know the smell of it, and this one is not the same. I loved the old smell, which last longer on the clothes after washing. This one fades away; I can barely smell it after the clothes come out of the washer. Also, the original formula is much more concentrated, therefore you only need to use a little bit. I used more with this one. As for packaging, it arrived well packaged in plastic so there was NO leak.
I saw no change with the whitening pen. It does have a pleasant taste. Doesn’t work for me☹️
I had one of the Muscle Milks at 3PM in the afternoon and was on the toilet for 2 hours shortly after. I did not have any other things in the day that could have led to this effect that day. Lots of preservatives in the drink.
Love love this product!
I thought the idea of using special detergent for my baby was ridiculous. I had some clothes I had to hand wash and decided to just use the samples of Dreft I got from Amazon in my registry gift box. Immediately I thought, “oh, this smells so good.” And then my husband came downstairs and said, “what’s that baby smell? It smells really good!” I read reviews and it seems the scent changed over the years. While I can’t speak to the old scent, the new one is a light powdery scent. It smells similar to the Johnson & Johnson original baby lotion. I’m excited to wash all my newborn’s clothes in this stuff!
Cooking and refreshing. Isn’t the most absorbent, but it is a liner and not a full pad. I love these. They tend to help relive my cramps to some extent.
O.k, so it's been 3 weeks and 4 days since I've been taking these breast pills. I am seeing a difference but not in cup size, I'm seeingfeeling a lot of firmness and more bounce.when I touch my boobs they fill like they got bigger but when I look at my before picture I don't see a difference in size but just straight firmness. I don't know, but I will purchase one more bottle and see if I see a difference. I mean if you want results you have to commit on taking them every day.I will for sure reveal the truth  to as if this product works.One thing I do hate are scammers. I will be your proof.All I know is that if this s*** don't work in a month I want my money back. Look for Luz Zuniga for me to keep you updated.
Obviously they aren't named brand heads. They are generic brand from another country. They are much softer and I'm not sure how long they will last.  Doubt I will buy again. They did fit my Clarsonic Mia just fine though. So no issue there.
Cannot use. Too hard to spray. Would have to use both hands. Cannot aim. Dissapointed
I struggle with drinking an adequate amount of water, and I've never found other flavored waters or flavored drops to be enjoyable, as you can always taste an overly sweet, fake flavor. I received a bottle of Coconut Water Drops as part of a birthday gift, and I became OBSESSED. With just a squeeze or two of these infusion drops, I can drink bottle after bottle of water, and it fits into my new zero-sugar lifestyle. The only downside is the price...a bottle of water infusion drops lasts me less than two weeks, so it's pricey to keep up with my obsession, though the fact that these drops make my water so yummy that I avoid soda probably makes it worth it.
love the tp or paper towel trash bag combo great combo. i wish they had a combo that had toilet paper paper towels and kitchen trash bags with smaller bags. id buy that all at once weekly
WORTH IT.
It works as described, but I bought it without reading the ingredients and it contains Egg Yolk which I am allergic to it 😐
I have been using this for years now if I switch it to something else my teeth becomes sensitive.
When they stayed in place they worked good. I used them with a more open toe (perhaps they work better in a closed shoe?When I could get them to stay in place the comfort was good and I didn’t mind the toe thing. At least it didn’t bother. They just don’t work for any flat that is open.
My pelvic therapist uses this and suggested it for others to use. Medically, it doesn't burn or cause me problems at all. Easily washed clean.
Straps were twisted and I couldn’t get it untwisted now matter which way I turned them.  Not too comfortable as straps go under bust.
Easy to use, easy to move and fits my shower head perfectly.  I can put this holder anywhere in my shower tub combo and it will stay put.  I highly recommend it if you are taking care of rinsing off your kids in the tub or cleaning your tub or washing pets in the tub (to lower the handle).  Also, if you need a handle higher up in the shower (like for my giantly tall brother when he visits), not he can put the shower head at his height.  I highly recommend this product.  All pros, no cons for this product so far.
great supplement. quality and quick and packaged well.
Love using these on my contacts. They always feel so refreshed in the morning
Nice and comforting.
I have been using this tape underneath the stretch tape for a few years as recommended by my therapist.  Just want to let reader know that photo shows is a new packaginhg, this is a true BSN product.
Took it once and made me very sick. Yuck! And no returns.
This works great guides on without tugging and the color isn’t too dark. I cannot find this in the store, so happy to find it here.
I needed a new small travel jewlery keeper and this works well and fits the stuff I bring on vacation. I like the compartments and the quilted zipper case. Good purchase and the price was good too.
I used this brace for support while going through physical therapy for low back and sciatica pain
Hoping it solves the hard water problem
I'm very happy with this spray cleaner.  It smells great and not sticky.  I would try other &#34;flavors&#34; when I run out of peppermint.
I LOVE these bars!  They are a bit chewy and can get really hard if they're cold, but I still give them 5 stars bc they are one of the best egg free paleo bars on the market.
Pumpkin seed oil is a culinary specilty that is also often found in food supplements. It's a more readily available form of pumpkin seeds which are presumed to treat bladder irritation, kidney infections, intestinal worms, and trouble urinating due to benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). My dad is in his 60s has started to develop prostate difficulties.I advised for him to take pumpkin seed oil capsules and he says that urination is much easier and clinically there are no concerns from his doctor.
Artichoke is only readily available in stores occasionally. Supplementation is helpful to those who have an enlarged liver, as according to WebMD, artichoke stimulated the flow of bile from the liver. This is great because it helps with high cholesterol, IBS, kidney problems, anemia, edema, arthritis, bladder infections and other liver problems, as well as reduces alcohol hangovers as well as reduces symptoms of heartburn.Additionally, Web MD says that &#34;some people use artichoke for treating snakebites, preventing gallstones, lowering blood pressure, lowering blood sugar; to increase urine flow; and as a tonic or stimulant.&#34;I wanted to try artichoke as a hangover supplement but did not experience any lessening of symptoms. The taste of these capsules is acceptable and the size is on the smaller size. If the reports are even remotely right about cynarin (the active ingredient in artichoke), then this supplement is worth taking.
Good esp for the price
Total junk, plus size they sent could have fit Goliath. I made an adaption to make smaller, still a HUGE WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!
Pure Holy Basil. Great to reduce stress and ease into a great night of sleep.
Reishi was apparently the king of mushrooms at some point, but now is called the queen of mushroom. King or queen, it doesn't really matter. It's awesome. It's an adaptogen that helps with stress and sleep and many other things. Real Mushrooms is an amazing company that delivers the goodies that you should get from the mushroom, unlike most of the other companies (which basically delivers starch to you). So Real Mushrooms is the real deal, and I highly recommend this to people. I use it daily.
I buy this from him directly or from a channel on TV, but I want to say it's one of my favorite shakes. The flavor and high quality ingredients are what keep my buying it again and again. I even blend it into my coffee for a "bulletproof-ish" style coffee drink. It's so yummy and filling and thick.
I like anything I can do that will improve my health. It doesn't take much time or effort to stand on this mat. It has really helped with the tight tendons though the bottom of my feet.
Great feel of card for professional environment.  I will continue to purchase.  The sympathy cards are also a great deal.
Hilarity.  They say laughing increases your health and even arranging your face into a smile tricks your brain into believing your more happy.  So far so good...
This really is wonderful to add for Pad Thai.  I'm sure this could be found in an Asian market, but there isn't a well stocked one close by.
This really really really works. Helps hide your smoking habit!
Got this for my son for Christmas.  He LOVES it!! He's a welder in a machine shop and his body pays a price. It arrived today and he tested it out at my urging with no real hope for it doing much...he's had other products in the past and nothing really gets into deep tissue and reverberates out and makes a difference for him to have any relief.  I did his back for 10 mins with this...and he was smiling!! Not to make his mom feel good but because something finally got his muscles to relax.  The 2 heads on this are what I think do the trick for making it all happen.  The various speeds and alternate attachments will be an added benefit in the long run.  It's easy to balance and he managed as well to do it but not as good as when someone else does it LoL
This is the most YUMM and PERFECT chocolatebeet powder.  I use it in baking.  It's the only way that I can get my grankids to eat beets. I use it in red velvet deserts too with red gel coloring for extra brightness.  This has a great taste on its own even tho it has a bitter quality but that is part of the life of brilliant untreated chocolate.  It blends into hot cocoa, cream cheese, batters, whipped cream and when I whip cream into butter for a different spin on things and at that point, I will add coconut sugar that has been finely ground into the whip as well to work on bringing sweetness. There really is no limit to creation with this product... I'm going to need to get more.
I was skeptical kinda, I feel it really works actually. I think this and evening primrose an magnesium citrate help me get pregnant. I had extreme infertility problems took 5 years to get pregnant. Honestly this helped in my concotion of natural fertility treatment for PCOS
If you’ve read any of my other keto reviews then you already know that I LOVE chocolate...but it’s really tough not being able to eat all my favorite  desserts anymore. I actually emailed kiss my keto and asked them what sort of replacement for treats there was and they pointed me here - Perhaps the biggest gift of 2018 so far!I add the powder to my morning coffee and now have coffee shop quality flavored coffee with 9g of high quality MCT inside :) on top of that there’s no guilt from sugar since it’s not the same crap they use in stores. I’ve yet to bake with the powder but that’s going to change this weekend.Sorry, I’m rambling a bit here because this stuff is so good. Let’s get down to business. Taste 1010. Value 1010. Guilt from eating 010. Sugar free. 9 grams of good MCT.Honestly these guys have done it again. I asked GNC if they would be carrying them - the guy knew the brand but wasn’t sure if the store was going to get it...really hope they do!
It works well. It took quite a few pumps to get good traction.
Perfect for putting Brother Tze tapes in.
Great product,  price and fast delivery.
Perfect for putting Brother Tze tapes in.
Great product,  price and fast delivery.
Definitely can tell a difference in pump when using this product versus not. Some over stimulated after if you take it to late.
Been using he product for about a month. Definitely notice a difference in joint inflammation. Less pain caused by heavy lifting and over use.
I wish I had known about this product sooner...I already supplement with flaxseed oil for my rosacea, use Ecological Formula's TriSalts daily... and now this has nearly relieved my nervevein damage pain (from blood clots in legfoot) ...instantly. I can live better as a 20-something ... thank you so much Environmedica!
For 90 servings, I think I paid about $30, and in my view, it was worth it even tho the flavor is mediocre at best. I use it almost daily.
No gimmicks. These straps keep my sunglasses on my face while I run, and are easy to install (just slide them onto the end of the earpieces on your glasses).I had issues with my sunglasses sliding down my nose as I ran, and having to constantly push them back up. Using these straps, my sunglasses stay and place, and I completely forget I’m even wearing glasses.Great buy!
I have been taking magnesium capsules for a long time, and I wanted to try topical form magnesium. You can feel the relaxing effect just few minutes after it is apply.
I love this product and it's great for so many ailments. It's definitely an acquired taste and it's not particularly cheap, but I think every household should have it in their medicine cabinet.
I prefer my battery operated warming socks in frigid WI.  Sorry : (
Used massage rings for stocking stuffers and everyone loved them!  Great price and great gifts.
First of all I’m a chiropractor that specializes in corrective care and this is my new absolute favorite traction device. First of all it’s adjustable so you’ll be able to customize the perfect fit for yourself. And as far as the design goes… It’s comfortable and snug. I noticed immediate relief in tension and increased range of motion. Bravo ChiroLux.
I love pine pollen and love this product. I love the capsules. I usually take in warm water but this is so easy and I feel I get the same effect. Good circulation and better general well being.
Very cute for a boy shower, all you need!
Delivery was very prompt! I was very glad to see that my package was not damaged and arrived before the set delivery date! As for the product, I honestly had to try it as soon as it arrived. Directions included in the package are clear, and the set up is quite simple as well.  Just did my first treatment today and felt comfortable with the process. I have yet to see any noticeable results after my first session of course, but I will provide an update after the first 4 sessions :)
While I love the convenience... it is a lot cheaper to make this yourself. The lime seems the most popular and it happens to be the easiest to make. You can buy Redmond's real salt, use the fine ground popcorn variety, as your sodium. Add some CALM for magnesium and you can get potassium powder quite cheap. You can get True Lime powder for the lime flavoring and use a packet of SteviaErythritol for the sweetener.  Voila! If you want the raspberry, just get some freeze dried raspberries and crush them into a powder and add a little.
Stick well enough but not large enough. I wear a 40.
Will not stay in place on back on chair!
Unable to use until repeatedly washed. Had odor.
Versatile, skin friendly, and very portable.  This is my go-to shaver when I'm out on the road and feel a 5 o'clock shadow creeping in.  Good battery life, easy to clean.  No complaints.  Love this thing.
I have been using this product for years for my contacts. Is seems I get a lot of build up on my lens and even my eye doctor says this is the best product I can use. As long as it is used correctly there isn’t any eye irritation but don’t accidentally rinse your contacts and then put it in your eye because it will burn and irritate them for a very long time!I have less stars for travel since there doesn’t seem to be a travel size and I need to carry the full size bottle.
Good quality hair support.
Like the scent, but quality control is poor as some of the cans don't work.
These must have come from a bad batch. I bought these to replacer previously purchased refills that weren't working. The spray is coming out of the bottom of the head of the spray can and filling up the holder, not spraying out into the air. This is a manufacturing issue and poor quality control.
Great scent for the holidays. Hard to find. However the spray cans are defective. They don’t spray right. The spray comes out of the neck instead of the top, so all of the spray accumulates in the dispenser. Didn’t find this out until decorating for Christmas and was too late to return for refund. This was the first time this has ever happened so I am chalking it up to a bad batch and won’t let it keep me from buying again. In fact the second order that came later is working fine. The manufacturer needs better quality control.
This is lovely and arrived quicker than had been estimated. Get compliments on it, but people can't tell if this is supposed to be an angel, butterfly or dragonfly. Neither can I but I love it.
my go to morning tonic.....every morning
not so satisfied with the flavor, although the ingredients are really good
It’s antifungal and helps itching  crawling
I saw no difference in the air quality - I had it on the second setting
I have good results with this product but am seriously thinking of finding a replacement since whenever I open the bottle there is a HUGE ball of cotton in which I have to dig and dig and DIG to get it out...this time was really ridiculous and might I mention, not very sanitary.  I just don't understand why some companies haven't switched over to the silicone gel or package that collects moisture which helps keep it fresh while using.
Reasonably priced, nice quality, quick delivery.
I had a couple pair of blue-light blocking glasses already but wanted more for husband and to keep in other rooms so I didn't have to carry them around from room to room.  I actually like the "orange" better than the amber.  Glasses fit well and are well madeclear and comfortable.  Glad I bought the 4 pack!
I bought a pack of 10 because we love them so much!
These were a good value, well made and did the job!
This Disney bag is soooo cute.
I love this stuff.  I'm not sure of it's health benefits but it has great flavor and is a healthier alternative than a lot of other additives to water.
nearly see-through junk.took a long time to ship.
This works great on my toothbrush, tight enough to not fall off too easily when traveling and also keeps it clean at ho from dust and other things in the air.
They did the job of full-filling requirements without suffocating me.
I got it for my mom who has a huge problem with her glasses sipping down her nose. She says that it kind of works. But I do have know if I'll buy it again.
Good quality, great price just as I was expecting.
I have eyelash extensions and this mask fits perfectly without damaging the extension. Will buy again in a heartbeat!
I'm not sure that this brush should be advertised as exfoliating. The bristles are very soft. I would have like a firmer brush; but that's one of the problems of shopping on line. You cannot examine the merchandise before purchasing.
Worked well right out of the box.
Could not work without them. Can read for pleasure w ease.
Ok not what I expected
Used for sleeping in diffuser, didn’t give the effect I needed.
They nice for soap makimg, but when cuttin with a serrated knife, it really isnt easy. I found it difficult in cutting the loofah sponge.
I originally found the mango version shopping at Boots in Thailand.  I tried this and can testify it works.  You have to mix it quickly as directed with water and drink it quickly. Its all fiber and it will help you have the greatest movement if you need that help. This flavor I got was citrus from my order.  I hope the seller will provide mango.  EXCELLENT!!!
The baggies they come in are pretty cool. If only the electrodes contained within were not of the worst quality I have experiencedz I have 1.5 years of needing transdermal e. nerve stim in order to bear the pain if walking with my spine all jacked. these are  The worst! They are gooey sticky yet barely adhere to the skin... had to use electrical tape to get em to stay wout shocking me... now if unlike me you remain stationary  for the stim as well as don't need them on constant it may still be a good buy... but maybe no cuz re-using these pads isn't really an option... & they leave gooey goo boogars on ya... Party foul & for shame electrodes for shame!
Returned it.  There was practically no fragrance at all. The automatic spray is great! Not the wax.
Beware! These came shipped fine (shipping container in tact's) but the  tegaderm boxes have smashed corners that look like they've been sitting in liquid. They smell like chemical. I attempted to do a return and was told "there are no returns on this item" despite just opening the package today after receiving it 4 days ago.This is a pretty expensive loss to take and if you need this for medication patches like I do, it's quite a bummer. Go somewhere else to purchase.
There is no scent unless you stick your face right up on these so they are pretty worthless as air fresheners. I tried this in a closet, in an office and in a drawer. Nothing. I recommend you don't waste your money.
These pads are super thick and high quality. They don't leak. Heavy duty! I wish they were larger and less expensive.I use them as dog pads for 2 small dogs. Not sure how they hold up for bed protection for people but they are the best quality I've ever gotten.
Like it, but sometime cumbersome to use
Now sure what they’re talking about warmth.  I love this flosser.  It has different setting, I use soft which is still pretty strong.  The water pulsates through and you have to be careful with how wide your mouth is open or water gets everywhere.  Definitely makes me want to use it.  Only drawback is where the buttons are placed, I’ve accidentally turned it on a few times and water sprayed all over the place.  The water tank holds enough for two uses, but the charger lasts forever.
Really expensive for what you get.  Not really that exciting. If you are looking for a laugh and want to spend a lot to get it....then go ahead.
A friend of mine recommended that I take this, and I can honesty say I feel a lot better, I have a lot more energy and I’m sleeping better.
Good material
I just got them. Did a lot of comparisons before purchasing. From what I’ve researched, women ‘like me over 60’ need collagen supplement.
I just got them. Did a lot of comparisons before purchasing. From what I’ve researched, women ‘like me over 60’ need collagen supplement.
Very Nice!! But be gentle! A beginner could easily use to much pressure and harm the nail!
This was an awesome find. Lots of herbs, more than expected and packaged with great quality. I really enjoyed this. It's definitely giftable but I'd rather keep it.
I only use this on my face,
I am buying another one because this was VERY NEEDED! I can actually walk around the house without my knee brace, given by the hospital, at home! It's also added support with my knee brace.One HUGE MISTAKE was washing it. Do they expect it to never be washed???So, ordering a new one. And this time reading washing instructions or washing by hand next time.
I’ve always loved this toothpaste! Great tasting and effective! Plus no mess and no wasted toothpaste.
It’ll take me forever to use all of these tags. But they are gorgeous. Exactly what I was looking for.
They are nice looking and do not look like &#34;old lady socks&#34;.  I am in my 40s and had sclerotherapy done and wanted support after i got done wearing the ones the Dr had me use but I didnt want ugly socks or socks that made my feet get too hot with my tennis shoes.  They stay up and make my legs feel better when i wear them.
Said in the description that these were &#34;easy to swallow&#34;. These are the same size as every other regular sized fish oil capsule I've taken.
I appreciate the price as well as the product and I continue to come back to it each time I run out.
I love this pillbox with Fox Hunt theme
I had to mount the back part of the stand-up. I thought it came ready to put up like the other stand-ups that I had bought before. I had to tape the back part of the stand-up. Now I am wondering how I am going to take the tape off without tearing it, so that I can store it away until I need it again for next yearBut other than that, I think it really looks great!
Fort of all the containers are very sturdy and the piil have a smallPocket to fill it just not sitting on the bottom of container
Calsules were easy to swallow and no bad taste to the capsules
Great product! Relieves upset stomach as well as heartburn.
Love the price. I use this in every diaper change for my baby to prevent diaper rash. He’s been having an intolerance to certain things in my diet, and while I’m trying to figure out what the intolerance is to, one of the symptoms for him is consistent diaper rash. I almost gave up on breastfeeding because of all the complications and the diaper rash just drew the line for me. A friend mentioned to use petroleum jelly. If it wasn’t for this, I would’ve been going crazy and so would my baby.
Sometimes this works against my nighttime leg cramps and sometimes it doesn't, but I still like to have it on hand.
Good support not bulky. Can be easily hidden user a t-shirt. After a few days of wearing the pain started to go away. I'm very satisfied. I've tried several posture correctors but this one is the best one yet.
I use this product for gut health.
I have recently received the Polisa PostureI have recently received the Polisa Posture Corrector and am amazed at how easy it is to adjust it and wear it.  The product is well constructed and is so adjustable that I can use it and so can my husband.  We are looking forward to many years of use of this quality product.
Please use vinegar for weeds and not poison!  As a cancer surviver I would never use poison when vinegarworks!  I add dishsoap also and it works great.  Spray when weeds are small and you use much less product and nip it in the bud before weeds get out of hand.  I always use vinegar 30% straight with added dishsoap. Perfect, safe and simple!!
My favorite of all the Wen I tried.
Great scissors, but a little small for a man's hands. Hey, who said nurse means woman's size?
I was hoping the table cloth wasn’t just a camo boarder but overall it was great for my sons 9th birthday party
This cleaner is junk and dissolves into a gel- like mess in the tank.  It doesn't seem like it does anything but cost money and does nothing.  Am throwing away the rest and would never buy again.
Unfortunately these are way to easily broken.  They break as soon as they poke or bend in the slightest way.
Please use vinegar for weeds and not poison!  As a cancer surviver I would never use poison when vinegarworks!  I add dishsoap also and it works great.  Spray when weeds are small and you use much less product and nip it in the bud before weeds get out of hand.  I always use vinegar 30% straight with added dishsoap. Perfect, safe and simple!!
My favorite of all the Wen I tried.
Nice chair. Not as padded as I would like. Vibration works great. A few nicks on the wood base. Not enough for me to ship back. All in all I like the chair.Update:I have had this chair for over 2 years now and still am enjoying this chair. The vibration feature is still working and still in decent shape. We did have to retighten the base a couple times but besides that, still happy with the purchase.
Do not waste your money
Convenient way to store & protect credit cards from fraud.  Easy push button opener.  Fits all my cards and slides easily into my pocket or purse.  Peace of mind.
It is found to have heavy metals in this &#34;Altay&#34; less costly mixture.
I added this to my smoothie, its got a great, definitely, I definitely recommended this to everyone who wanted to live a healthy and happy life style plus super fast shipping. Great seller.
Comes conveniently boxed. Easily portable. Three adapters in one. Multi LED lights. Brightens just like whitener from dentist office. Mouth piece is comfortable. Soft.
Great taste!
I was debating on getting this or peel but I stuck with this and I’m glad I find it easier. Only thing was the file I think it was fell of which I don’t mind I never used it before was my fault left under running water was able to reattach it.
This floss shredded in my husband’s teeth and he was so disgusted! He had to find Glide floss just to get the strands of this floss out of his teeth! Disappointing.
One of the bottles was leaking when I opened my package but I was able to wipe the bottle down with no issues. The product itself works wonders on the dreaded yellow, breastfeed baby poop! I found that I had to use a little more product than anticipated to help ease the stain out but overall, happy with purchase. Also, Dreft products always smell amazing!
Shipping sucked! Loose in package,  lid off  product leaked. Seems to work well though. Just be aware you may be short of product after shipping.
Nice small tablet that is easy to swallow. No nasty aftertaste. Very good addition to vitamin regimen. I have purchased these various times and will purchase again in the future
This was useful when I had it. Gave me an effective way of straigtening my hair without burning my skin off!! Lol heheh... Anyway, now I just don’t have as much of a problem with my hair being curly so I don’t need this as much. But I keep it in case I need to straighten my hair for an event or occasion bcs I don’t want to go back to normal straighteners. So glad this exists!
I was trying to get the hard water stains off my shower door. I'd say the product helped, but did not get rid of the spots. Will try again. Maybe it needs more  frequent applications.
It's not bad. I haven't felt any 'results' as others have so I am going on faith that it will deliver benefits over time. You must mix it with berries or something, the taste by itself is a little rustic for me. I make it as a keto smoothie with some heavy whipping cream, fruit, water, a touch of stevia. Doable.
If I could give it a negative star I would.  I ignored the negative reviews because I wanted to believe I would like it. Some people do.  It is sweetened with Maltitol which spikes my blood sugar. Maltitol syrup has a glycemic index of 52, which approaches that of table sugar at 60.  I prefer Erythritol or stevia.  The listing on the website did not show the ingredients; it just stated &#34;no added sugar.&#34;  I should have been cautious when ingredients were not listed.  Even worse, they have a &#34;no return&#34; policy.
It is ok, the bristles come out when using it.
feels more like a rag than paper towel. I also love the designs!
Awesome product, i love it!
One of the best tasting low carb bars out there, definitely in the top 5.  Grenade knows how to make a good tasting bar and has spread that knowledge across all flavors - very good!
It gets hotwarm. Provides temporary soothing
Fits great around the belt.Turn off: smell.But once you get passed that odor one way or another, it's good to have in your bmw.
I like these, well packaged as well
Perfect for whay I've used it for . I thought I had kidney stones . Worked well
The GOOAD Dog Clippers work well and are surprisingly quiet. This is great when trimming as my dog is skittish. The rechargeable batteries and extra attachments make this a great value.
Good product
It’s hard to find a good pre workout at a decent price, even harder to find a product that delivers what the label promises. All I have to say is “BUY THIS” , you will definitely enjoy it. Good energy, great pumps and excellent flavor.
The case was over all a buy, it holds my MLG Gunnars fine and is a nice coated leather. The only issue that I would say it has, is that it is kind of flimsy when opening, however the magnets hold when the case is closed.
Wow this was waaaay smaller than I thought it would be. I'm very smol, and yet this is still too small for me. Maybe this would work as a back washer for a child under 10, but not sure how exactly to use this when at a general size of an adult. My back gets itchy, and I figured that meant I should probably wash it better or something, so I was looking for something to help with that. This doesn't cover enough ground (due to small size) to really work as a way to wash my back. However, when it's dry the roughness of the loofa part comes in handy as a back scratcher when needing to itch specific small areas of my back lol. But sadly I'm still looking for something that will actually help wash my back.
I found that that hard round bit that goes over your knee was very uncomfortable, and actually made my knee hurt more.
I use this form of curcumin more for its ability to cross the blood-brain barrier (neuro protective). Having said this, I also find it to be an excellent anti-inflammatory.
As a full-time caregiver of a person suffering the symptoms of Alzheimer's, I've been struggling with finding good products for her dual incontinence issues.  After finding a great adult diaper that holds her through the night, we've noticed that the diapers have an unpleasant smell to them (worth a bit of odor if I don't have to do laundry of the complete bedding 1-2x per day).  My sister works as a medical assistant and she told me that this is what all the medical assistants keep at their desks to eliminate odors whenever an exam room needs it.  I ordered this product as well as another one by a different manufacturer.  Hands down, this is the far superiior product (same as used at the hospital).  While they both worked on the odor, this one only takes 1-2 sprays in the room and the odors disappear, and the best part is the small fragrance you smell once you spray, goes away and it just smells fresh!!  I cannot recommend this product enough!!
These are cute. I wish they came with something else, but they do the job of tipping cupcakes just fine.
AMAZING...love these. Thank you. :)
These were the first LED lamps I've ever purchased.We have a ceiling fan in our family room and for some reason both filament bulbs and CFLs were burning out quickly (within 3 months) in one of the four sockets. This despite the fact that we don't use the fan all that much. Also, this particular fixture gets a lot of use in our home (the lights, not the fan). So if I could save energy on lighting this application struck me as an opportunity to achieve the greatest payback on the investment.These bulbs have a small footprint, not much bigger than a normal incandescent lamp. This was important because they had to fit inside the diffuser globes. Like most LED lamps they send most of the light out the top. In a ceiling fixture with four sockets this behavior is not at all objectionable; but might be a problem with a reading lamp or other single-bulb fixture.The four bulbs draw a lot less power yet throw noticeably more light than CFLs with the same lumen rating. In fact I'm getting a lot more light from these lamps than I expected to.All LED lamps are currently a little pricey, but these are a good deal for what they are, and they have held up well. So far, I'm very happy with them. As long as they continue to function they should pay for themselves in a couple of years.UPDATE FEB 2014:  In the last 8 months I've had no problems with these LED lamps burning out. I've never had that level of success with either filament lamps or with CFLs in this ceiling fan fixture. Just the fact that I don't have to get out a 6-foot step ladder every two months has me very happy with this product.
Been using this cleaning product for several years. Been to my satisfaction.
this all around and only muffles slightly
This is a good assortment of nice Christmas cards without sickly sweet catch phrases.  -Just your basic, good Christmas cards.
Make sure you don't buy a baby product because the smell will drive you crazy.
A very soft blanket, and comfortable for sleeping (in Sunnyvale, CA). It is exactly a queen size, not too big. I hope it doesn't shred.
It has been a while since we had these cookies. They arrived intact and the price was great
I put it in orange juice because the oil has an orange flavor.  It leaves my mouth feeling oily
My lower back was super tight, no idea that it was my hips that was effecting me, purchased this to help me Stretch.I feel so much better.
My wife loves this.
Not quite as high quality as I was hoping for, but it works well.  We will see how long it lasts, may edit this review in a few months. Also had to trim out the opening for the charger to plug in, it wasn't big enough for my charger cord to fully seat.
I am posting this for my star rating only.Make no mistake, I really enjoy this.I don't feel like taking the time to write something meaningful.
Product is exactly as described.
Does no work at all! very disappointed. Received it over the weekend and added some as directed but it was still slipping.  And to add, the wax got into one of my lens and now the lens is blurry and stained. So technically my glasses got messed up because of this product.
This really works.
good product
I've used the TEPE sulca brush for a couple of years now. 1st rate. I decided to try this larger brush and it is of the same quality as the sulca brush. The handle is a good fit to my hand. It is gentle on the teeth and gums, something a 67 years old needs.
Love this product. Mixes easily and taste great  Metabogreens is powerpacked with fruits,veggies, spices,herbs and gives me the energy I Thought I'd lost!!Thanks BioTRUST.
GREAT PRODUCT.I WILL NEVER BE WITHOUT THIS PRODUCT.IT WORKS.
I ordered this by mail when I was away from home to be sure it would be waiting for me when I returned.  These vitamins are recommended by health care professionals for women.
cleans ball well
Good product for a great price. Fits my electric toothbrush perfectly.
I have used at least 10 of these grabbers over the last 8 years that I’ve been wheelchair bound. They are remarkable in design but on this particular one the handle split on the 2nd day of use. It is not the norm an I will be asking for a replacement. I will update my comments then ..
I have been happy with this product for surface-dirt removal on old non-glossy dustjackets, cloth boards and spines, and the page block edges (quick swipe 'with the grain' along the top-edge takes off dust build-up). I have found it especially good for brightening up cloth boards that have become dingy with surface dirt. This is not a stain-remover. If you deal with a lot of dusty books, this is good for freshening them up.UPDATE: We are about to re-order some of these. We got a good year out of them, and really should have re-ordered at that point. It speaks well of the product that we've been able to squeeze another year out of them. We rinse them now and then, but in the second year the sponges are still functional, but they start to crumble and lose little pieces. It's a sponge, and we use them pretty heavily, so this is not a big problem for me. The price is right for replacement. We'll re-order again I am sure.We use these to clean dust off the top of the page block, and to take surface dust and mold off of the boards of a hardcover. Sometimes when end-papers get moldy, you can use these sponges to take the worst of it off. Same with the underside of dust jacket that has been exposed to mold.
Good price on safety cotton swabs.
Thank you
I already have previous sport elite model and got one because of new tens added. It is a great function and I expect the best. Great service from the buyer, and good price. Thanks
I already have the lower leg protector and can vouch it is an excellent product and really keeps your cast or dressing dry.  I sent this one for the arm back because it is the same exact thing as the lower leg product.  If all you need is protection for the handwristelbow - don't hesitate to get it.
These round pink ice packs are manufactured by the same company that manufactures the blue round ice packs. I bought the blues ones about 3 months ago when I was suffering from my first attack of eyelid dermatitis. The blue ones worked well. They came in a travel handy plastic zippered case. They did take about 24 hours to get fully iced.I had a second attack of eyelid dermatitis this month and found that with the time required to ice, I needed more than 5 round ice packs in a day. So I ordered the cheaper pink packs because money is tighter this month. They came. First, they are not in a travel handy plastic zippered case. I will have to supply my own zip baggy. Second, now that I have started to use them, I am surprised because they seem to not stay icy as long as the blue ones. Why should color make a difference? The substance inside seems less gel like too. Am I crazy, imagining this?Between my osteoarthritis knees (yes, the right one is acting up now too) and what is turning out to be repetitive bouts of eyelid dermatitis, I am getting to be a connoisseur of icing and ice packs. So I don't think I am imagining this even if it seemingly makes no sense. Next time I order, it's is back to the blue ones and damn the higher cost. The pink ones work, they just work for a shorter time.BTW: Using these round packs for my right knee too: slip them between layers of my ace bandage wrap right over the medial point next to my patella that burns. The point is higher up than the medial meniscus so I have screwed up something different on the right knee than left knee. Learning to watch how I move my knees (very carefully) to prevent all future injuries. Going to watch sumo wrestling for overweight knee movement pointers. I am overweight but not sumo level (Oh Lord, thank you!) but between rx meds that make it hard and slow to lose weight and two medical conditions that make it hard and slow to lose weight, I need the big sumo guys help in knee movements. Help me sumo guys: how do you keep you knee joints in good shape?
Simple to use, works awesome.
I LOVED this lip balm when I first started using it.  After daily use for two months, I'm having a terrible reaction.  The lip balm causes irritation, dry, throbbing and cracking lips.  There is also truth to the mold issue for this product.  Do your research.  I have an unopened 5 pack that I plan to return asap.  Do yourself a favor and don't use. I'm not sure how long it will take the negative affects to go away, but I've thrown all of my used items away.
Just like washcloth good product!Ann H, MD
teeth looks white and clean after 10 brushes. twice daily.
I use it on my skin alone or with coconut oil. Great fragrance and is terrific for the skin.
I love this bracelet Perfect fit for Ladies with small wrists. I were it all the time even in water, and has not Tarnished..
Disclaimer:  I have an autoimmune issue that is giving me a lot of food sensitivities. My diet is currently restricted from food groups so I am Paleo. I have tried different protein powders and mixes. After mostly miss rather than hit, it was recommended that I try the beef protein isolate. I make a smoothie most mornings with mostly vegetables and 12 a granny smith apple.  It would be nutritious for me, but my tummy did not like the pea protein powder and I would be slightly queasy after drinking it.  Today, I made my smoothie using this powder and WOW!!! It tastes great.  It was a big difference going down. My tummy likes this stuff.  I have to use this pure because other mixes might be too sweet.  This is a great product that delivers.  Seriously - just one smoothie and I am definitely on board with this for good!  No more switching around.  And the price is reasonable as well. Who could ask for more!
very comfortable
cheap but effective
This probiotic was recommended by my ocupancturist to promote my immune system two years ago. I have been taking one a day and it has been working very well for me. When I get a cold it won't last a long time.
Woks great at lowering blood pressure and is reasonable priced!
Not buying another bottle. No results from this product.
I started using Clear Tract powder about 6 months ago. I have a 20 year history of bladder infections and the antibiotics weren't cutting it anymore. I haven't had one since using Clear Tract. Works best on gram-negative bacteria such as e-coli. If you have gram-positive bacteria (which I also had), oil of oregano works like a charm on those types of bladder infections. I developed a staph (gram-positive) bladder infection months ago and it was resistant to antibiotics. The only thing that cured it was oil of oregano. I'll never take antibiotics again unless it's a life-or-death situation.Between Clear Tract, oil of oregano, krill oil supplements and probiotics, in addition to really improving my diet, I haven't had an infection since. Actually, I haven't been sick at all since, either. My daughter currently has the flu with vomiting and diarrhea, but I feel great! Try Clear Tract-it really works!
Exactly what I asked for in a timely manner.
Helps with cramps and blood flow.
I love Soothing Wellness Essentials carrying cases! I first purchased the one that holds 96 and liked it so much I got the larger one, too. The inserts protect the oils and I like that it has pockets inside the top. The case is so easy to carry and store. Looks fantastic!
Excellent oil! I put it in my coffee every morning!
hard to find sunrider products anymore..glad i found these gems again!!!
Almost too thick.  They are the correct size but it's hard to get them to stay put.  They also got packed down after walking with them for 2 hrs.  Feet still hurt and got blistered.
Purchased on recommendation from my physical therapist.  This is a great product to align my body when sitting in the car.  Great support, size and quality!
Ok but not working fo me
I use this to make magnesium oil.  I add 1 part water to 12 part flakes (ex. 1 oz water to 12 oz flakes). If you want it stronger use 1 to 1 (ex 1 oz distilled water to 1 oz flakes). Best to store in a spray bottle. Can also be used as a deodorant.
Ordered 5 bottles, only 3 arrived, the box was totally sodden, all three bottles leaked, 2 completely empty, one almost also..So I didn’t have a chance to try the product.
not as good as extra strength though,,,,I normally use the extra strength,,,,and after taking these,,,I did notice they were not as good
As an older person, I wanted to correct my posture so ordered this (after trying another brand without being satisfied with it).  It was easy to put on and adjust.  After a while, I forgot I had it on as it was quite comfortable.  I have not had any pain but, day by day, I can feel it holding my spine better erect.  I will continue to wear it for a while each day until I have reached my goal.  I even like the pretty pink color.
I think I love it.  Having done research on edema, swelling of the feet and legs, I am trying this for circulation.  So far, shortly after taking this supplement, I find a slight reduction of the swelling.  Hopefully, as I continue to use this, am hopeful that it will improve.  Will also be trying other ways to help this problem.
Very good results with a pleasant scent.  There are so many biting insects here at this time of the year when the monsoons are present.  Am not outside all day long as it is raining, but while I am there and using this Avon product, the insects stay away.  I can actually sit and watch the hummingbirds without being bothered!!  I am pleased with this lotion and have purchased a second one.  Would recommend.
I have been using a water machine to alkalize and purity the water for several years.  My research shows that it removes many minerals along with the chlorine and fluoride which is why I purchased it.  So, using the Purely-Min is my way of replacing the minerals.  I have used this brand of herbs and spices (North American Herb & Spice Co.) for many years and it is one of the best.  Nice to see that Amazon is selling it.
Have been purchasing these same magnesium tablets for quite a while as one sure way to get magnesium.  I like that they are time released thus giving me a constant supply all day.  JigSaw produces a quality product.
There's no indication on the label what the source is (fish, bovine, etc).  The label looks like it was just &#34;slapped together&#34; for the sake of making a label, not to provide any information regarding source or quality.  I'm returning it because because it's too questionable.
the box came with 100% COMPOSTABLE printing on it - so how will these hold up for long term storage of clothing???  will I go into our inventory some day to find them decomposing?  I haven't even opened the box yet, wondering if I need to send them back, then are for our business, to store blank garments in (that we imprint for customers), I was planning to use these bags for years with rotating inventory, they are the only thing I could find in the right size, but we can't have them start rotting away on us
A little pricey but does what it says.
This kit contains everything you need for a party!!! Adorable pattern.  The plastic ware is sturdy and so are the cups and plates. The hats are well made also.  A must for the unicorn lover in your life.
worked great. love it
Great product. Its very sturdy, and the blades are sharp enough to cut without much effort. A nice change from the standard cheap and flimsy little clippers.
Very uncomfortable and smells so bad I can't tolerate it.  Had to finally get a knee brace with adjustable straps.
I've tried alot of nootropics but have settled on optimind as it gives me what I'm looking for consistently. Wish the price was a little lower but it work's as described unlike so many other brand's  I've tried in the past.
This oil is amazing. I mix a various oils and make my own facial nourishing moisturizer
I personally had one and sent to Mom another one. I didn't see any benefits from it myself. I didn't feel it doing anything about the pain at all. It was soothing to massage into my body and it doesn't have an offensive smell, but as for ending pain... not helpful. Mom said it was okay and it worked ok for her but she hasn't asked me to get her another one so I think it is not a completely fail, but it is not worth it to get again.
Good quality. Product as described and looks as per photo provided.
I bought this product to improve my muscle mass and tone as exercising doesn't seem to be enough
Love the gel it is easy to apply and doesn't take much. I have used it every day it does seem to help.
Non recyclable gloves.Hole in 12 gloves within minutes of use.Need I say more?
Ive been looking for an organic dandelion and milk thistle supplement and there were no many choices that have both in them. I am sensitive  to alot of things whether it be supplements or food. I have not had any adverse reactions to these but I do not take take them everyday. I have a peace of mind to know I am taking a supplement without some type of pesticide or chemical used.
Loved this Waterpik but only lasted 4 months then just stopped working. Very disappointed.
I love this dental floss and I can't find it anywhere locally. I hope they haven't stopped making it already. This is the same kind my dentist's office gives me a sample of each time I go in for cleaning. It's the only floss that I can get comfortably in between my teeth.
This massager works great to get out the kinks in my neck.The only thing I would change would be if I could adjust the straps. I have longer arms and when I'm using the massager on my neck my arms are at an uncomfortable level. Otherwise it was well worth the money.
I bought this product from the Gundry site--three months worth.  I have been 95% faithful to the doctor's admonitions and have received NO benefit for my faithfulness.  The very long video ad is very persuasive but it did not work for me.  Additionally, I'm very physically active and have a healthy diet.  The video presentation's teaser that one might feel a difference in just one week was awesome, but it's not true, folks.  I have lost NO weight, and nothing from around my waist.  I don't know what to make of the &#34;scientific&#34; claims made by this doctor and his prediction of success in weight loss (and better health), but I tend to believe I've been snookered once again.I also got a little suspicious when I was emailed and asked if I didn't want to buy a six months supply.  Additionally, another product (or two) was offered to go with this product.  &#34;Whoa,&#34; I thought, &#34;don't they have confidence that it will work alone and in a reasonable time?&#34;  Nevertheless, I doggedly persisted in the program.
I used this item when I was visiting my friend who has a toddler. It removed every stain easily, with a fresh & calming scent. I have a dog and my clothes are sometimes covered in dirt, which has been hard to completely remove prior. I also tend to be a messy cook, and this easily removed grease stains. I have permanently switched from other brands to Dreft. Highly recommend!
Filled it myself with all the first aid essentials - it is a nice size bag making everything easy to access
This is a great product. I have tried several different straightening devices to straighten my beard this one is the best one. Definitely worth the money. It heats up quickly and if you forget to turn it off they even have a automatic shut-off
My husband loves this product and uses it daily. It mixes well, provides the supplementation he wants, and is affordable.
These brake after flossing one or 2 teeth. I had to throw them away.
i've just scrolled through many many reviews in search of encouragement - - and now ready to offer some - - i didn't find anyone like me - - - i emailed the company this morning asking for encouragement - but realize they are limited with so many ready to cause trouble and suchi am 60 years old - 65 year old husband - adopted 5 aned 8 year old grandsons - terrible healthy - organic - exercise - fresh juices -  healthy fasting - - - - - for 25 years - - - - - - terrible stress with daughter addict ending in her death and adoption of these boys - - for 10 yearsmighty big seek for full potential with energy - sleep - digestion - brain clarity - happiness - - over all health - - we need it - -received restore and started with 12 t. a day - - oooooo did we poke the bear! joint pain haulted us in our tracks - migraine like never before - - - - i will not stop!reduced and reduced dose - down to 3 drops a day for me - 4 drops for papa - 1 drop for each boy - - whew! manageable headaches - stiff neck - rabid stinkin thinkin - - sleepy sleepy sleepy - - and i gotta say increased cravings for candy ice cream and cookies - for me - - strange as i have had a clean diet - - gained at least 5 pounds - we've been taking RESTORE for 6 weeks - - i will not stop!softer feet - no allergies - tremendous sleep improvement - tiny - and i mean teeny weenie peeks at hope and happiness - euphoric kind of child like mind set - as it should be i believe - - all is wellsomething in that bottle is just giving me hope and making me believe - papa, too - - God help us - - will update when there is news
I really like this brush for my dog. The handle is very comfortable to hold. I was using a toddler size toothbrush on my dog but this toothbrush is so much easier to hold and makes cleaning my dog's teeth a little bit easier.
My husband has always struggled with keeping his health at an overall good place. These vitamins have improved his health so much over the past couple months. He has had so much more energy, and felt so much better about himself since he’s started taking these. They are organic so we love that they are healthy for him and doesn’t cause harm to his body.
This razor is a must have for shaving. Purchased for my husband because hes always having issues shaving his beard because of his sensitive skin. This easily helps to remove the hair without giving him an allergic reaction or a bunch of shave bumps. It comes with everything you need including the brush to clean it and the charger to charge it. The battery last shave after shave and allows you to use it time after time but I prefer to make sure that it's fully charged between uses.
I love this pump. It’s quick and simple. Easy to use. You can take with you anywhere you go. Best thing I’ve purchased for myself. My favorite part is being able to clean or tend to my baby while pumping. I’m obsessed with these and no longer use my spectra at all. They’re not super quiet but they’re not obnoxiously loud and they hold quite a bit of milk. It has great suction power and is easy to use. Definitely recommend!
This product is well made, arrives on time, and works as stated. If you have lower back pain, this is for you! If you suffer from back issues, I’d have to say this is a great device to try. Due to several injuries, my entire back is a mess and I’m in almost constant pain.It is a must have for back massages. It helps me with my back pain and it’s just unbelievably wonderful. I can’t even find the right words to describe it. It’s just so amazing and so worth it. I’m so glad I bought it. I'll keep using it, it is sturdy and consistent. I'm hoping the more I use it, the better I will feel, we will see.
This pump is more comfortable and will go unnoticed. This allows you to easily pump anywhere and at anytime. It has 3 modes which are expression Mode, two-in-one Mode, and dual-frequency mode and 7 levels so you get the one that works best for you. It has a LED display that allows you to see the screen clearly day or night. The motor isn't loud so it won't wake your spouse or child. It has anti backflow so don't continimate the milk. It has different sized breast shields so you can choose what works best it has 21mm, 24mm and 28mm shields.
 This eye massager is amazing. It has an adjustable strap that allows you to adjust it to any size head. It is a perfect remedy for both tension headaches and migraines and eye discomfort. It massages and heats to give you a relaxing massage. This is well worth the money paid for it and makes a great idea for a gift. Great value
I love how this is a wearable breast pump. My daughter in law can discreetly extract breadt milk wherever she is at. Its comfortable to use and doesn't pinch or hurt. It's easy to use and is an affordable way of making sure that my grandchildren get the breast milk they need. Great value.
Love the color as purple is one of My favorite colors. It can be heated or not but trust me you'll love it heated. It rolls little balls and bumps under your foot to relax your feet.  Perfect after a long day of work on your feet. It has so many settings for you to choose between and will relax you in no time at all. Would recommend to anybody working hard and being on their feet
Great energy pills. Can help you get stuff done or can help you get rock hard. This pill hasn't had any side effects and has been used a few times. Amazing price especially since they really work. They are not only for when you want them sexually but also work to boost your stigma and energy levels.
 I purchased this for my dad who has cancer and has issues standing in the shower. This seat fits his tub perfectly and has different levels the seat can sit so it can go higher or lower depending on preference. It has a soap holder too which is nice and a mesh bag. It's a must have for elderly or disabled people. It makes showering much easier because you can sit instead of standing
These keto electrolyte drops have helped me to get back on the track to losing weight. They don't taste the best in the world but they don't taste horrible either. They are better taken in something to drink. The bottle is good sized for the price you pay. The keto salt isn't strong tasting which to me is a good thing because I can't hardly stomach that taste. These work good and are a Great value.
After my daughter in law had her twins she needed this badly. It had made such a big difference. She can use this twice a day to ease pain and discomfort. It's just as durable and has just as good quality as the ones the hospitals have. We looked at many of these even ones from the medical supplies companies and this one had the best price and looked more comfortable than the rest. Definitely glad we decided on this one. Great value.
My sixteen year old suffers from neck and collarbone pain due to a sports injury. This helps him to relieve pain and relax the muscles in his neck. He can lay on this a few minutes at a time a few times a day and it helps tremendously. It's a thick curved pillow that looks uncomfortable but in reality it's the opposite. It steadys his neck and stretches the muscles. Great value
My physical therapist recommended that I get a few things to help with my back and hip pain. This was the first thing he suggested. I have tiny stress fractures in my lower back and we ts quite painful at times. This has relieved the pain with stretch and exercise as opposed to heavy medications. Its easy to throw in my gym bag and take anywhere with me so I'm never without my daily regimen. It's affordable and well worth the money. Great value
When my doctor suggested stinging nettle root to help me breathe I decided to research and see the benefits and cons of the herb. The more I researched the more the all natural supplements sounded like the right choice. I looked at many different brands before deciding on these. I'm satisfied that I got these. The capsules aren't too big to swallow and leave no nasty aftertaste. With any kind of supplements you'd expect to be able to smell the ingredients but these have no smell. They start working within a few days of beginning them and within one week I was breathing better than I had in years. They help to clear out sinuses and keep chest clear do breathing is easier. These are a less expensive brand and are a great value for the money.
This blackhead remover vacuum is amazing. It has an app that you can download to access the 20x magnifying camera so that you can see it actually helping your skin. It's kind of cool to actually watch the blackheads, whiteheads and makeup particles being removed from your skin. It has great suction power. It's easy to use and takes less than three minutes to finish your entire face. It's made well and is durable and seems to be long lasting. This makes a great gift. I'm very happy with this purchase. Great value
The suction power of this blackhead remover is amazing. You can feel the balckheads being removed from your skin. The results after using this just a couple of times is so noticeable that you'll get compliments. It's made very durable and seems to be long lasting. It's easy to use and comes with well laid out easy to use instructions on how to use properly, care of the machine and safety information. It comes with five additional heads that are easy to change. This will help you to achieve the skin you desire. This is a great value for the money
This is a more realistic dildo. Its not too big and goes for more of the average size of a real one. It has a suction cup so you can use on a chair or a wall or even in the shower. Its flexible and easy to bend and maneuver whatever way you desire. Very easy to use even someone inexperienced can use this. It looks and feels so real you wont even notice it isnt real plus it doesn't come with all the drama of a male.
This easy to hold facial cleanser is amazing. You can put a small amount of soap for face on it and turn it on. It gives your face a cleaning massage to get deep into pores. It's made durable and made out of a high quality silicone material. It makes a great gift for anyone that likes to keep their skin looking younger and more vibrant. It has an excellent battery life , It comes with an included usb charging cable. I've charged it once in the month that I've had it. It's a great value for the money.
It's so much nicer to take a shower with a scrubber brush like this one. It's really soft and feels amazing. It's really easy to.hold onto even when wet. It's soft bristles provide a nice soft scrubbing massage to get derp down dirt off from skin. The ability to reach hard to reach places makes it feel like you have superhuman stretchability. Great value
After the birth of my two year old I am finding that my upper back is hurting more and more. My physical therapist suggested I get a posture corrector to straighten and relieve pain. This one is a great choice. Unlike other ones I have that didn't help, this one has a wide strip of stretchy fabric between the shoulder blades that fits more comfortable but still helps to align my back in place and ease pain. This one can be fastened in the front for easier ability to put on and take off. It's really comfortable and soft. Great value
The suction power on this blackhead remover is really good. It's very easy to use. It comes with four different attachments that are easy to put on and take off that attack different skin issues. It has enough suction power to remove blackheads on the first try but gentle enough not to cause pain. It's rechargeable and the battery life is great.  I've charged it once In almost a month and it's still going strong. This is a great skin care tool and is a great value for the money I paid.
These make wearing a face mask a lot more comfortable as they hold the masks off your mouth so it's easier to breathe. They are made from thick plastic that is long lasting and can be washed with soap and water or heat sanitized easily. Comes in a three pack that is well packaged and protects them from dust and dirt. They are a must have for anyone who  has difficulty breathing when wearing a mask. Great value
I love this toothbrush. It comes with replacement heads so this will last a while before needing to buy more replacement heads. Amazing price. Last a long time. So many different modes its easy to get the perfect brush with no issues
This is an amazing keto supplement. Helps burn fat fast. Great price
Amazing flavor. These are the best pill i have to take. Most are nasty but this one you want to take more because they taste like candy. The best DIM supplement ive tried by far.
This is not like the others. It has strong suction and can get you off in no time at all. Very easy to clean after. I have this straw like thing that i got to help w cleaning this. Feels very lifelike. This is the best male masturbator i have found so far. A great buy.
Very easy to clean. The heat feature is amazing. This works great charges fast has a remote. Love the variety of settings. A great product. The battery last a good amount of time i still havent had to charge it again and i bought it a while ago.
OMG this is the best thing ever. Not only is it full sized but it thrusts and at different speeds but the clit sucker is adjustable so you can have it in the perfect position for the best O. I've tried a lot of toys and none of them are anything like this one. Its very easy to clean and charge
This machine is amazing. It has many different attachments and gets you where you want to be. Great price too. I was going to order elsewhere and they wanted like 150 and this is way less and comes with way more. Its strong and is well worth the buy
Very easy to use. Very comfortable. Provides relief from pain due to slouching which most everyone does. This really helps at first we were doubtful but after using for a while it shows. My posture is way better and my back doesnt hurt as much
Great product i thought the bottle was glass not plastic. But i love that its not easy to break and looks very expensive. Easy to swallow.
Great taste. Very easy to make. Great pre workout supplement. My new favorite. I didnt really like chocolate or vanilla flavors but green apple is amazing.
These last about 1 hour of continual comfortable hear.  About 1 inch across.  All these types seem pricy for a Chinese product
Weak strength and not authentic smell
Use and use and use there babies.  Easy effective. See through.  Been buying for 5 years.There are so many flooding the market. This is a good one
Was a relief  but had to do more to get well.
Very strong energy from this. Amazing!
I believed this may help with leg cramps...not so sure.  I didn't notice any WOW effect.
This is prescription strength fish oil. My husband and i take it for bad cholesterol. Awsome product. ..
I live near a train yard.I like having a nice background noise to sleep by.The sounds are nice but i dont use all of them.I picked a favorite and that works for me.A few of the sounds are a little to 'crisp' and would be better if muffled. Or if the unit was at a distance, perhaps in the hallway.
Excellent product. Same quality since year 2000 to my knowledge: I have been buying this for many years at Wholefoods before bought it on Amazon. Recommended.
This brush bristles were way too short for me. I’m sure others may feel differently about the brush. It just wasn’t for me, so I returned this item.
Loved the price and product
It was nice that they threw in a gift of a full sized bottle of another product as well.
Research indicates that zinc is helpful in fighting bacterial and viral infections.  During this pandemic I’ve added it to my arsenal of supplements.  You should too!
Great straws. Just as described and I feel good about not buying plastic ones anymore. Especially after watching those sad sea-life videos online of plastic in the ocean. They are stylish too!
Bought to put in a large (36&#34; across) tub; works like a charm.
I had to return this item as the handle was stuck and would not come out of the case.  It was totally stuck and would not budge.  I wrote to Frank Shaving Company in China and they were not helpful. I bought another WSP Monarch Silver Tip Badger to replace the returned item.
Wife bought it.  Pointless.
Triglycerides were reduced from 309 to 169 in 12 months, taking 2 table spoons per day.  HDL went from 38 to 61. Good news for someone like me who does not want to take any meds.
I have been working on lowering my BP for over a yr.  Did not want to take scripts for it.  been following natural remedies and a friend suggested this as the Amish use it.  FINALLY, today my BP broke  into the 120's.  129 over 79 to be exact!  usually ran in the 190's over 90's..so I am thrilled.  will be re ordering this.
this is my 3-4th order, I am using it for my cats with renal issues, so far it seems to really be helpful, I just add it to the daily drinking water and all drink from it.  so the do not mind any taste if there is  one.  it dissolves easily in water.
Just like all the other comments that I did not listen to the liquid will never go through this tube! It won’t work.
My husband said he does have more energy, drinks this daily every morning.
I really researched this product and am sure it is the best cleaner you can use before you chalk paint
Would you like a real review, not a generic 3 or 4 word review like "Works great" "Would buy again" etc.? Well here it is.I was a smoker for 35 years or so. I quit last year. The years of smoking left my teeth yellow and ugly and I was ashamed to smile. So I bought this kit after I heard a radio DJ rave about it.Here is my experience:It works a little. Since my teeth are so stained, I wasn't expecting them to be snow white, but there is absolutely NO WAY that thay are 7 shades lighter lol. Maybe 2 or 3 shades, which is better but not great. The little swabs are weird. They're in a a tiny tube and you have to press your nail on a dotted line near the top, then bend back the long piece of plastic to dislodge the swab. It works about 60% of the time. I've had to cut it with scissors a few times, and one time the swab came off in the tube and it was pretty messy. But I made it work. Instructions are to rub in a circular motion on stained area for 2 minutes. Well all my teeth are yellow so they are all the "stained area". In short, I ended spending about 5-7 minutes swabbing my teeth first with the Stain Out then with the Whitening Gel.Well....my teeth do look some better, so I've ordered another kit and just started it again today. I've also been using Colgate Optic White toothpaste & mouth rinse. I'm going to be patient. It took 35 years to stain them so it would be unrealistic to think I can have them pearly white in just one week for $60.Worth a shot, just don't expect to guide ships into the harbour at night by them.
I have long been curious about Wen but am always leery of getting locked into automatic shipments which is what happens often when ordering from TV or a website. I found out that Sephora now sells it, so off I went to buy some. I was convinced that it was the answer for my sun-and-curling-iron-damaged hair. I bought the almond mint one there and tried it a few times; quite frankly at the time I was disappointed and returned to my regular shampoo & conditioner. Admittedly my hair was in pretty bad shape. Well, a few weeks ago I went to the salon and had about 8 inches cut off. And I tried Wen on it again and had several good hair days. I became curious about this orange blossom scent which is not available at Sephora so I ordered it...I actually buckled down and followed directions this time. It has taken some patience but I finally got the knack of how best to use it on my hair! My hair is now short in back, longer in front with bangs. The texture is medium-fine and I have a good bit of hair so it often looks thicker than it really is (humid climate plays a part in that!) First off: 10-16 pumps of this is far too much and takes forever to rinse out. The magic number for me is 5-7 pumps. Secondly, I use lukewarm, not cold water to wash and cooler water to rinse. And I do rinse well after leaving it on for the duration of my shower - this is very important as it will leave a film on my hair if I don't. Thirdly: I massage it very well into my scalp, adding a bit more water and then comb through to the ends.Both the almond mint and the orange blossom work equally well, so I know this orange blossom Wen is the real thing. My hair looks and feels better than it has in a long time; it has bounce, shine and holds a style beautifully! I now only use a tiny bit of mousse on my bangs and spray lightly with hairspray and do not need to comb or brush for the rest of the day even in high humidity. I do work outside and so the style does fall some by the end of the day but that is to be expected with an active job like mine. But the damage and dryness that had been plaguing me have all but disappeared since I have been using Wen. When I feel it creeping back, I just use the Remoist Mask by Wen and that fixes it straight away.A note on the scent: It really does not smell like orange blossoms to me, but it is pleasant with a fresh floral aroma and maybe just a hint of spice. I can still smell it faintly in my hair after blow drying whereas with the almond mint I cannot.I am really happy with this product and do not intend to ever use anything else on my hair again!
I can't find better words to describe how glad I am to have discovered this product than to say:  IT SAVED MY DOG'S LIFE. HALLELUJAH!!
company should be more careful, and research a bit more on its content. specially one ingredient that's very harmful when prolonged use.
I tried everything. Nothing worked. Name the probiotic. Some did nothing. Some made things worse. Antibiotics destroyed my colon. Then, of course here came the candida nightmare. What was wrong? Did I have parasites? Heavy metals causing candida? Went to the gastro doc...(colonoscopy uggg) said I am clean as a whistle.  No problems he could see. Must have IBS. I'd like to personally thank the Doctor I trusted for the constant hit from the unnecessary antibiotics. What a mess.I just stumbled on this. Pure accident. Thank you God for this product. You want to get rid of all of it? Just give this a try. I am telling you there is NOTHING else like it. Seal up those tight junctures....and heal.Update: 122916- I am taking one tablespoon on an empty stomach every morning. This stuff has completely healed all my intestinal problems. I will never be without it again. I have had a couple of cheat meals because of the holidays and they have not made me sick. Now...I will not do this regularly....I am eating clean now and I don't want to screw that up....but the little I did do... did nothing to cause me any misery. It took a long time for me to find something that would cure my IBSColitisInflammation ...this did it. I no longer care for sugar, breads or dairy with the exception of grass fed organic butter and eggs...and not every day. I don't even crave sweets anymore. I am back here right now to purchase another bottle!Go to youtube and listen to Dr Zach Bush! you wont be sorry.You wont need another probiotic.
I absolutely love this product. The smell is so nice and I like the fact that it’s all natural oils and no harmful chemicals. Will be purchasing again soon.
I have purchased Professor Amos drain cleaner for years.  It has always worked.  I may have to use more than one treatment, but it will clear your drain.
Good value with two brushes. I bought this for my husband. He feels the body brush bristles may be too stiff to use, but the small facial brush I will use.
I fell several weeks ago and hurt my seat, but, consequently, my legs hurt since then, too.  I bought this to help cushion my seat at work, but it's thick and hurts my legs on the edge.  I have to return the item because it wasn't comfortable for me.
Had high hopes, but made my silent acid reflux worse.  I am continually congested and have stuff in my throat, was hoping this product may have helped clear it, but no such luck.  May work for other ailments, thats why I gave it 3 stars, but no luck for silent acid refluxLPR.
Positives- It worked well in removing contaminates for 1 year.Negatives- There is not enough  threading that attaches the head to the handle, it is very easy to pop off the shower head when turning it for a different massage setting and very difficult to get it back on.It started leaking from the hose connections, and then a few days later the hose detached from the tubing and there is no way of reattaching it! We are handy and it just can't be done.Very disappointing to spend this $$ on a product that lasts only a year! And of course it can't be returned. So now off to try to find a better brand.
Love this item. Easy access for my cigars on the go.
I trust Garden of Life products. I love this one because their products are plant based.
I like this thing. Works well and am not disappointed.
Does the job!
This is an excellent product. One hundred percent non-irritating to the skin. Cleans and rinses off thoroughly. Very gentle and mild. However, it is too expensive.
It helps me
I didn't expect so many herbsThe package came in very quickly aswell. Happy buyer
wife loves it
I didn't help me with milk supply but I am still taking it for general health.I like it. Great price and good product.
My toddler loves flossing with these little plackers, they have animal shapes and are colorful.
Ok, so, I never know if the natural stuff works as I have no patience and end up taking Tylenol as well to suppress symptoms.Anyway, This past week I caught a pretty bad cold, sneezing, runny nose etc, I took this for 23 days + sudafed pe to suppress symptoms and in 2 days I felt human again, my colds usually last minimum a week to 10 days.I also took olive leaf for my throat and I think that took care of that.No natural remedy ever worked on me .... I think this is a winner so far .... Pricey, yes, but have been uing it already for months (I think it stopped a cold at the very beginning a few times) and still have some left.
Great product!!
I absolutely love this stuff. It really helps with my fatigue. The only issue is that I'm not sure if it interacts with my prescription. So I'm cutting back to only using this 3x a week and once a day. I was taking this everyday and was at 3 dropperfuls, 3x a day.When I do bw again I'll see if anything has changed.
I dont have any issues with this. Hopefully its helping but its one of those items where you really cant tell possibly until later. I've only been using it for about a month and a half. We'll see.
I love the Amla juice. I purchased it to use for my hair. It takes away the greys. I have only used henna on my hair, never any chemical dyes. The henna keeps my hair brown & the Amla juice I use as a rinse for my hair.
Quick ship, i love this toothpaste but its hard to find sometimes. Keep in stock and i sure will buy.
I was a little disappointed in the fact that the ads didn't say that there is no stopper in the top to prevent spills. I would have preferred that there was a stopper in it.
I really enjoy the wand.  It seems to give relief for awhile plus it has other attachments.
I gave a five star for this product is great. The taste is hard to get used too, but I mix it in 100% grape juice and it is very good. The juice is good for you plus the energy greens and I feel wonderful. I am 73 yrs old and I can work rings around my husband and  kids. I will continue to take the All day Energy Greens as long as I can afford it.
It works!
This is a very good product and supposed to help with keeping you sharp.  I just started using it and I do feel it makes a difference when I am not using it, even though haven't been on it very long.  I will try to do a future update once I have been using it for a month.
I tried several kinds, all homeopathic nasal spray for sinus.  This is probably second fav, works good but best one is “Seagate Olive Relief” for me.
I have chronic Lyme.  My Doc suggested this for immune system.  This stuff works!!  But it's 4 star because lactate sensitive women needs to be careful taking this. I have tried so far 18 teaspoon because I am super drug, chemical sensitive, even some herbs.  I feel still yet effectiveness from this liquid even very small dosage.  I will gradually increase dose to see how it works.  Very good stuff!!
just like going to the hygienist 😁
You have two types of people buying these bars: The insiders who have a range of expectations from Julian, and newcomers, whose reviews are all over the map. As a long-time client, buying these bars meant no erythritolstevia, no grains, no sugar, and high protein (dairy-free). My gut is somewhat sensitive to Stevia, and actually love that these guys use only Monk Fruit (a relatively scarce no-cal sweetener). One's abilities to make a tasty bar are compromised when adhering to limited ingredient lists. If you prefer other brands, it's likely because their ingredient list differs (more additives). For me personally, Julian uses exactly what I prefer and nothing else. These bars serve an important purpose and taste just fine to me.
This sponge does not work. I scrubbed and scrubbed but nothing came out from my skin. I just saw my skin was red from scrubbing so hard. Dont buy this item. I tossed them in the trash. What a waste!
This smells almost rotten, like something in it has gone bad.  I couldn't stand the smell so I threw it away and got a different brand.
Got them for both of my girls and they love it.
Good quality sweet almond.
Fantastic!!! Love it and will buy more of it! Arrived very carefully packaged, it came from India, took a while to arrive, no problem, worth the wait . Just great. Thank you!
Awesome product! Happy customer.
This works so well. It removes lint great but my favorite part is that it helps remove picked material. My daughter has some athletic pants that started getting fuzzing looking, this removed those little picks and balls and made the pants look new again.
GOBBLE GOBBLE GOBBLE : ) The BEST!!!
In the clouds! God Bless : )
Awful don't waste your money I purchased this &amp; it didn't last a full year. Everything I did to clean per instructions still will not work. I will never purchase from this company again.
Our chiropractor sells these pillows at her office and had encouraged me to try one after I was treated for neck pain resulting from a whiplash injury.  This was over 10 years ago and it's the only pillow I will use.  I usually buy a 3 pack and replace my pillows in less than 2 years so this is an economical way to buy them.  When I purchased my first 3 pack I had my husband try one and he liked it as well.
I have been using this for over 6 months and I got to tell you it's amazing.  I bought it to use to brush my teeth with.  I have gum problems they hurt and they itched all the time.  When I went to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned she had to use numbing stuff just to clean my teeth they were so sensitive and so painful.  When I returned six months later for my next cleaning she was totally amazed that my gums looked so healthy and they were not inflamed anymore and she cleaned them in half the time.  There was very little tarter build up as well.  It is so very soothing to my gums.  I don't use toothpaste anymore or mouthwash even natural stuff because this Dragon's Blood does it all.  I read that it can be put on the gum line to help keep the gums from receding.  I know it works to seal wounds and I have used it on my gums to seal them to keep particles from getting into them.  I am ordering much more now.
Love it ❤❤❤
These taste great and make us feel wonderful!  You can feel a difference.
Their Oreos what can be wrong
This daily shower cleaner is fantastic and hard to find. I have been using it for years and was thrilled I was able to order it online. It works great and was even recommended by the guy who came out to fix my shower.
I am very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend it.
My neighbor, a beautician for over 20 years, told me to use baking soda on my hair when I wash it. I use hair spray, and she said wet your hair, sprinkle some of the baking soda onto your hand and rub it into your hair before shampooing. She said to leave it set for a bit and then shampoo and it will take out any excess hair products, that normally do not come out when doing a regular shampoo only. I find it works great. In addition, I use it in the washer for cleaner fresher clothes.
Longer strip works wonderfully on my MCL injury. Stays in place much better than most lidocaine patches
Its good but makes a big mess.
It's okay, but dries out easy.
has a horrible smell
This barely works. It just fit hospital issued walker. Adult son says it is usable if one is carefull. It is unstable in use. It broke in use. I was just informed of this today. I would not use this ever again. My son got a scratch from where the walker broke apart at the back side of one of the handle slots.12292018
Excellent bee pollen! Good to eat by the spoonful, if you can afford it. Very satisfying. If it was half the price I would add it to half my dishes!
It feels and looks well-made but unfortunately, it is too small. I try to attach it to my Hoover vacuum cleaner hose somewhere between 116&#34; and 18 too small leaving a gap.
Very nice looking and seems sturdy.
As a frequent traveler who is always on-the-go, these are often a lifesaver for a quick cleanse. I discovered them when they were the Unisex "Sofie's Secret" which is now the "female" version (as opposed to the male version which is the "Titan" wipes). I think the name must have put a few guys off, even though as far as I can tell the only difference is the female version has a mild citrus scent and the male version has a slightly spicy cinnamon and citrus scent. In any case, if you are always on the go and need body wipes because you can't grab a quick shower, these are the product you want to buy. Multiple baby wipes just won't cut it. I guess now that they have the marketing split between guys and gals wipes, that the guys don't have to feel bashful using them now that they are packaged like something out of a military MRE.
Nice product...but cover to batteries really tough to take off.  LKB.
Nice for my wife's back.
Wonderful fragrance for baby & me !
Easy to use
Fits good-comfortable-good support-easy to apply 😊😊😊
All of Dr Axe products are reliable.  THESE WORK.  Period.
I have psoriasis on my scalp. I addition to steroids drops once in a while and coal tar when it is really bad, I was using pure emu oil daily. I tried this jojoba oil to see if I could save some money, and it turned out to be better than the emu oil. Only coal tar seems to work better.
Everything arrived ok..looks like good quality rv toilet paper
Good fit !!
I bought to replace a broken chain. Very good for the price.
Does what it's supposed to I guess but now that I know you only get ONE holder instead of 4, it's a poor value.
For the most part, the unit functions well.  However, the instructions are written in what appear to be 0.0000000000000001 font size.  In addition, the writer obviously spoke very poor English, and the instructions were not meant for this unit.  Not sure what moron thought this was a good idea, but they have no business writing an instruction manual.
I wish I had sent these back immediately.  I wanted to keep an open mind and try the scent a couple times, but it was disgustingly, sickeningly sweet.  Not at all natural.  This is a purely chemical, soap-like smell.  Overpoweringly horrible.
Very firm,smooth, good quality.  I use as an exercise for balance.  It's supposed to strengthen leg muscles.
I did a lot of research before I bought this foot massager.  And I honestly don't believe I had unrealistic expectations about what to expect, but it was very disappointing. I read the material that came with it (which was very poorly written) and followed its suggestions. But I quickly came to realize I shouldn't expect a machine to do what human hands can do so much better.  Even though the massager has an abundance of custom settings, I could never find one that was gentle enough.  The foot pockets felt pretty narrow (I wear women's size 9 medium width) and there were times the massager painfully pinched the widest part of my foot if I didn't make a conscious effort to keep my feet moving out of the way.  Instead of a relaxing 15-30 minute foot massage, I ended the session more tense than when I started because I was trying to anticipate where the machine was going to squeeze next.  Wearing light socks definitely helped.  The machine is not light enough to pack around with you everywhere you go, but it's got good places to hang on to when you do need to pick it up and move it.  It arrived promptly, was packaged very well, and the machine itself feels sturdy. The remote is a flimsy little thing that isn't super effective.  You have to hold it fairly close to the machine to get it to work; I could just as easily bend over and change the settings myself. But at least the remote came with a battery so I didn't have to supply that.  I tried it for a total of five 15-30 minute sessions before deciding to put a For Sale ad in our local paper to try and recoup some of my expenditure.  Somebody else might fall in love with it.
Works real good
Great torch lighter, well constructed, feels sturdy and fits perfectly in my hand.  It is bigger than I expected which I like because it holds a lot of gas.  Easy push button, lights every time.
Ordered this to help with removing old boat decals from 2010. What a waste of $$$. Figured at the price it should be fantastic. Lesson learned just because it cost five or six times more does not mean it works half as good as others. Also NO REFUNDS! They do not stand by their product. Use acetone or goo be gone and save your money. Sure wish I did!!!
A bit expensive but well made and heavysubstantial with a nice cover. Having trouble with my hip and thisseems to help a lot both in my truck and at home in an office chair. I am happy enough that I'm going to orderthe larger my expensive cushion next.
I love the glitter! The mask is comfortable and light enough so it's not overwhelming. I wear it to my doctor's appointments if they are not virtual. Anywhere I need to go it is appropriate. And cute!!
A bit expensive but well made and heavysubstantial with a nice cover. Having trouble with my hip and thisseems to help a lot both in my truck and at home in an office chair. I am happy enough that I'm going to orderthe larger my expensive cushion next.
I couldn't get these things to work on my glasses, however they are a well made product
Good Fit.  I'm in a constant hunt for socks I like.  These are looking good so far.  After I washed these I was much happier with the fit.  They seemed a little loose when new.
I have a rental property that has white tile with white grout.  Needless to say the grout was pretty awful.  Sprayed this on and let it sit for a few minutes. Wiped it off with an old towel.  Will be stocking up.
been using for several years,  always does the job
Yes it is a very good product.
This stuff is fantastic.  We have a wood burning stove and it removes grime completely from the glass.  If you have a stove, you will be so glad you purchased this miracle soot and creosote remover for the glass.  We’ve used it for many years.
I have IBS. it sucks. being regular is apparently more important that i thought it would be. wtf right? anyway i take fiber gummies because of this. Theyre yummy. dont leave them in the sun though. its gummy it will melt.
Quality product.  Just as advertised.  Works perfectly.  Will buy from here again!
One day delivery, installed by daughter. Well made,works great.
Works great as advertised.
These cushion is exactly what is needed. Really good support when sitting for long periods
Presently, the best on the market, but get the Pro Formula as it does the job, as I have tried them all.
The best analgesic gel by far that contains no waxes or parabens. Caspian based ointment works better, but you have to scrub your hands thoroughly after use, but as a regular user of these ointments I can tell you the new Pro formula has put ZIM as the king of the mountain for neuropathy.
These are not extra wide and they are not diabetic socks. They were regular socks and Amazon is not looking at these vendors close enough.
This product nothing, meaning it was a waste of my money.
I’ve been using Kendall wipes since 2010. they are one of three that I use when changing my bag. they are gentle on the skin, however oily due to the aloe and citrus extract, so I need to use another product to ensure no  residue is left.  I’m surprised to read that someone said the pads were dry; they are saturated.I always ordered them from Edgepark, who has stopped carrying them. so I bought them here from Medville. They subbed a different product that had alcohol in it and then they wouldn’t take the mistake product back. Amazon had to step in and get my $ back. I wouldn’t ever deal with Medville again, but the Kendall adhesive remover - I can’t imagine not having it as a tool, especially if I’ve used a barrier like an Eakin Seal (sticky.)
I got small, and I wear a size 4 women's and size 3 child.  It was a wee big, so I haven't gained much from wearing it.
I have had my first pair on for about a half hour, the tops are already stretched out enough that both socks are around the top of my boots. $26 shot to h#
I bought this product after my doctor gave me a sample (1) to use with my scleral contact lens.  Since it took 1 tube to rinse my lens I did not try them it on the contacts.  My contacts require a lot of solution to actually remain in the contact to form a buffer over my eye.  When I tried to fill the lens (You have to use a holder) with the LacriPure the solution went all over the place.  The shape of the container is all wrong!  I ended up wasting a lot of the solution and this stuff is not cheap.  Once I finally got it into the lens and onto my eye I found that I was uncomfortable.  It is just saline solution so I blamed the contact.  After many attempts to use it, I have finally come to the conclusion it is not the product for me.  The container the solution is in is all wrong, dispensing the solution all over the place, and there is something in the solution that does not work with my lens even though it is made for my type of lens.  I have wasted 37.00 on this product and can't return because it is past the 30 days.  I use AddiPak instead and find it cheaper and works wonderful.  Don't waste your money on this product.
I could not get this guard to work.  I boiled it a second time when I got it too tight the first time and it still didn't work.  It was not cheap either.
They make my arches feel better. Feet hurt less
worked out as exspected
I have always chewed garlic when I feel like I am about to get sick because it has immune-boosting properties; however, it is not practical to keep garlic cloves in my bag. This product works great because it has the same effect of boosting my immune system but it stays fresh for a long time and is easy to take. I don't notice any bad taste or after effects. I would recommend this to anyone!
This is an excellent product with great health benefits. Here is what it does if you are unfamiliar with it:How Forskolin WorksForskolin acts primarily by activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase, which results in increased cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) in cells. Cyclic AMP belongs to a class of substances known as &#34;second messengers&#34; and is one of the most important cell-regulating compounds. Among its many roles, cAMP activates numerous other enzymes involved in diverse cellular functions. Hormones and neurotransmitters also activate adenylate cyclase, but Forskolin appears to be able to activate adenylate cyclase by itself. Thus, Forskolin can increase cyclic AMP without the assistance of hormones or neurotransmitters.Effects of Cyclic AMPPIncreased cellular cyclic AMP results in a broad range of physiological and biochemical effects, including inhibition of platelet activation (resulting in decreased likelihood of blood clots), reduced release of histamine (resulting in decreased allergy symptoms), increased force of contraction of the heart, relaxation of the arteries and other smooth muscles, increased thyroid function, and increased lipolysis (fat burning).A number of diseases are characterized, in part, by decreased intracellular levels of cyclic AMP. These include asthma, eczema, psoriasis, angina, obesity and hypertension. In addition to its adenylyl cyclase-stimulating actions, Forskolin also appears to have actions that are not due to this mechanism, but are due to its ability to alter a number of membrane transport proteins.Asthma and AllergiesMany drugs used to treat asthma and allergies are designed to increase cAMP levels. Usually they inhibit the enzyme (phosphodiesterase) that breaks down cAMP. This mechanism is the &#34;flip side&#34; of Forskolin’s ability to act directly to increase cAMP. Thus, Forskolin can be used by itself, or in addition to phosphodiesterase-inhibiting drugs in the prevention and treatment of many allergic conditions, including asthma.Forskolin is an effective smooth-muscle relaxer, resulting in bronchodilation, decreased airway resistance, and increased vital capacity and forced expiratory volume, which are important indicators of pulmonary function. Forskolin also has tremendous antispasmodic action on various smooth muscles in the body, making it useful to relieve intestinal colic, uterine cramps, painful urination, angina, and hypertension.Cardiovascular Effects of ForskolinColeus forskohli has traditionally been used to treat hypertension, congestive heart failure, and angina. Treating these conditions may be among the most useful uses for Forskolin. Forskolin's basic cardiovascular action is to lower blood pressure, while simultaneously increasing the contractility of the heart. This is believed to be due to Forskolin's cAMP-elevating ability, which results in relaxation of the arteries, and increased force of contraction of the heart muscle. One study involved seven patients with dilated cardiomyopathy, a particularly difficult condition to treat. Forskolin administration dramatically improved left ventricular function and overall cardiovascular performance.Forskolin also increases cerebral blood flow, indicating that it may be beneficial in cerebral vascular insufficiency and in enhancing post-stroke recovery. The platelet aggregation-inhibiting effects of Forskolin also add to its value in cardiovascular disorders.Glaucoma and Increased Intraocular PressureGlaucoma is a cause of visual loss characterized by nerve damage (usually associated with increased intraocular pressure), loss of visual field, glare, and sometimes pain. It is one of the leading causes of blindness in the elderly. Unfortunately, there is very little in the armamentarium of alternative health care practitioners that is effective in preventing or treating this poorly understood condition. However, a number of studies have shown that topical application of one percent Forskolin eye drops resulted in significant decreases in intraocular pressure for up to five hours. Researchers believe that it is the cAMP-elevating effects of Forskolin that result in this significant improvement. Unfortunately, no commercial Forskolin eye drops have been developed at this time. Although clinical experience is limited, oral Forskolin appears to offer significant potential for sufferers of glaucoma or intraocular hypertension, and may be a major advance in the non-drug treatment of this condition.PsoriasisPsoriasis is characterized by a relative decrease in cAMP compared to another second messenger, cyclic guanine monophosphate (cGMP). This imbalance results in a tremendous increase in cell division. In psoriasis, cells divide about 1,000 times faster than normal. Forskolin helps to alleviate psoriasis by normalizing the cAMP cGMP ratio. It should be noted that Fumaric Acid, by itself, is highly effective in the prevention and treatment of psoriasis. However, Forskolin and Evening Primrose Oil may both be considered as additional substances to be added to a regimen to treat this particularly vexatious disease.DepressionDepression is believed to be due to an imbalance of neurotransmitters in the brain—most commonly either serotonergic (inhibitory) or dopaminergic (stimulatory). The response to various antidepressants depends on which neurotransmitter system has deviated farthest from the &#34;norm.&#34; If the serotonergic neurotransmitters are most deficient, serotonin precursors like 5-HTP or L-tryptophan, or the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) like Paxil, Prozac, or Zoloft are most likely to be of help. If the dopaminergic (i.e., catecholamines like epinephrine or noradrenaline) neurotransmitters are deficient, catecholamine precursors such as the amino acids L-Phenylalanine or L-Tyrosine, or monoamine oxidase inhibitors such as GeroVital (GH3) or Deprenyl are most likely to help.German scientists have been working with a different approach to elevating catecholamines, using a class of drugs that stimulate both the presynaptic as well as the postsynaptic components of catecholamanergic transmission. This novel approach uses a drug, Rolipram, which acts by increasing cAMP (an action similar to that of Forskolin), and inhibiting phosphodiesterase. Although the researchers stopped short of recommending Forskolin for the treatment of depression, they stated clearly that &#34;elevated brain cAMP levels are closely linked to antidepressant activity in animal models of depression.&#34;Weight LossIn vitro studies show that Forskolin stimulates lipolysis (breaking down of fats) in fat cells. Additionally, scientists at the Penn State University College of Medicine have found that many obese people have lower than normal cAMP production. Based on these findings and in vitro studies, scientists theorized that Forskolin might be an effective weight loss agent, especially for those with impaired cAMP production. A recent small study appeared to confirm this conjecture. Six overweight women took 25 mg of Forskolin (250 mg capsules of 10 percent standardized Forskolin extract) twice daily for eight weeks. At the end of the eight-week trial, the participants lost a mean of ten pounds, and reduced their percentage of body fat by nearly 8 percent. Blood pressure levels also trended lower during the trial. These preliminary results indicate that Forskolin may be a safe, useful adjunct to losing weight and maintaining normal body composition.HypothyroidismForskolin also has demonstrated the ability to increase thyroid hormone production and stimulate thyroid hormone release. This mechanism of stimulating the thyroid to enhance metabolism may be one way in which Forskolin promotes normal body weight. Forskolin's effects in normalizing thyroid function may also contribute to its antidepressant effects, as depression is a common feature of hypothyroidism.Cancer MetastasesScientists at Brown University confirmed that Forskolin is a potent inhibitor of platelet aggregation, as well as being a potent inhibitor of tumor colonization in mice. They suggested that Forskolin could find a place in the prevention of tumor metastases.Immune EnhancementForskolin also exhibits potent immune system enhancement by activating macrophages and lymphocytes.DosageBased on the human studies for weight loss, 50 to 100 mg of Forskolin taken in divided doses during the day appears to be a safe, effective dose for the conditions discussed above.
my husband wears them to bed every night
This mask is absolutely fantastic. Only problem I have is I've ordered 3 WHITE masks and have received 3 BLACK masks. The package even says WHITE. I'm not returning the black ones. But who ever packages them, should know.
This mask is awesome, exactly what I wanted
My son has chafing issues and this fixed his problem. Desitin is very messy but this stuff dries and helps the skin glide when rubbing together. He hasn't had pain ever since I bought this.
My husband is having problems with swallowing larger pills - he does not have difficulty with gummies so these are working well.
Small - cord is short - too small to use in bed - pad did not work
Been using this brand and style for years. Never too tight or too loose. Always just right and I wear my CircAides right over them. (Can’t stand compression socks over my feet.)
I had COVID, my taste & smell ability was impacted and I had huge drainage from my sinuses. ICK.  No other mouthwash got the bad taste out of my mouth and kept the bad taste away. It also helped my sore throat. Now I’m better and I’m not going back to any other mouthwash.
The straps in front are too wide. They irritate and rub against my upper arm.  Making it impossible to wear in comfort.  Also came with a warning to wear for just a few hours.  Who wants to undress at work ?
I wear these at the gun range. They do OK.
The mask is comfortably soft. The ear loops do not hurt. It fits me perfectly and I think I have the average facial size. The only downside is my sweat pools inside the mask. One could still consider that a plus if one wants a lack of breathability. Reasonably-priced and I am glad I recognized the photo of the house where the package was delivered, my neighbor's house, so I went over to pick it up myself.
My knees feel great!
Adequate for a product made in China. 13 life expectancy of original cane tips made in U.S.A.
These liners are best if your boots do not have fur inside, otherwise they will not fit inside without bunching. They keep the cold out very well.
Fits perfectly
I got this for my husband because it has a 550 lb weight capacity so I figured it would be pretty durable. When it arrived, I assembled it and sat on it to try it out. One of the wheels immediately broke… and I am nowhere close to 550 lbs!  I tried to return it but amazon referred me to the manufacturer. The link they provided just took me to the sales website. The phone number rang to a message service. I bought my own set of replacement wheels and it’s working out ok now.
Seriously, I love this thing.  I hate washing and fixing my hair because it takes forever as I have very thick wavy hair that holds moisture.  It takes me at least an hour to blow dry (usually still damp at the back of my scalp) and straighten my hair.  I've taken to using dry shampoo for 3 and 4 days to avoid washing and doing the process all over again.  Well, this brush solves all my problems.  The day after I got it I took a shower at night letting my hair air dry a little bit before bed.  When I woke the next morning it was pretty gnarly looking (think Janis Joplin). I sprayed it with my heat protectant and hit it with the blowdryer for roughly 5 minutes just to make sure it was completely dry (that underneath layer was still damp).  I cranked the brush up to 450F while I was blow drying and she was ready by the time I was done.  I brushed my hair thoroughly to make sure there were no knots to snag.  Then the miraculous occurred, I think I heard a heavenly choir singing.  I slowly brushed the first section of my hair.  There was no strange pulling, no scalding piece of hair to hold, no weird kinks against my scalp but it was straight!  Oh wonder of wonders, miracle of miracles!  I did one side and then decided I needed to document this process.  I went and got dressed (must wear a bra for the public good) and grabbed my phone to take a few pictures.  I started with the brush at 7:08 and (with wardrobe changes and selfies) I ended at 7:22.  Say what!?!  This brush is my new best friend.  I didn't get any finger burns from lava hot hair, I even picked out a few stray hairs from the brush while it was on and it didn't burn me (what is this sorcery!).  This brush is amazing and I kind of want to kiss it.  If I never buy another hair appliance again I will be totally ok with that.  I love this thing almost as much as I love my first kindle.
I would purchase again!
Flexible but durable shoe horn, I keep one in my car for quick shoe changes
Great taste! Thanks.
Works as expected
My husband says these are his most comfortable socks. They are thick like boot socks, and stretchy and non-binding. They don't leave dents in his calves and they stay up.
You have to be patient, you will not get long lasting results overnight. Consistent use over a long period of time will get you results. Very short term results can be had immediately but after removal, the nipple will return to its normal size in a bit.Some tips: Be gentle when twisting to apply suction, if you overdo it you can break the top thin plate on the spindle.Use a lubricant, like Burt's Bees Moisturizing Lip Balm. Apply to both the areola and the nipple. It will help create a better seal and moisture the tissue.Don't rush things, applying too much suction can cause blisters andplasma leakage. Start with low suction and short application time. Increasing each in increments. If you increase the suction, consider decreasing the application time and then begin increasing the application time until you increase the amount of suction.
Great for toenails
Solid, built!!  I wish the handle was a little longer.
The cords are very nice but the tool they give you to help install them was not easy to use.
Before purchasing this, I already made peace with thinking it'd produce even a little bit of smoke, but it doesn't!Sai atomizer + Smoke Buddy = No smokeodor. It's surreal.
This thing is tuff
The brush is baby soft. It does the job, but not quite what I had hoped.
Have purchased several times
Good but bitter
My husband likes these they run wider and feel more comfortable
These help the bursitis in the elbows because they prevent you from accidentally hitting your elbow and feeling the pain.
I did not find that these forearm sleeves had compression. They were very loose and baggy on my forearms. Might be better for a bigger arm, but for me not useful and I had to return.
It is a very good concept that could work for adults that work at a desk with their water bottle next to them. But even though, they need to be vigilant as the device only blinks once - and if they miss it and do not drink, the device eventually shut down !I think it should be refined at least with repeated blinking when the first blink is missed - or perhaps it should be a warning bip sound instead of the first blink, followed by repeated blinking after a while if the is missed.This does not  work for children.
These are a lightweight sock for summer, do not bind at top and are nice looking ribbed socks. They stretch very well so they are good for people with edema or sensitive skin issues. My Dad's caregivers asked me to order more of these great socks for him!  (and I have tried several other kindsbrandsmaterials!
very forest aroma, outdoor pine fresh.
I'm never misplacing my mask; it's always around my neck.  Only problem is that it's really not one size fits all; there should be a small and a large.
It’s not like the old white pearl drops.
I was amazed at it's performance, but I decided not to buy it instead something else, no biggy
Used to come in a nice jar. Luckily I saved it. Product quality appears to be the same.
Well, unlike some reviewers I guess I'm just out of luck.  Use it twice a day and after a month, zero lightening of the darkbruised areas I'm using it on.  The moisturizing aspect of it is also short lived compared to others I've used.  Might work for some but after I use up this (expensive) bottle, I don't see myself buying it again.
Got these for my Sister who relies on those cheapo dollar store things, and you'd have thought I sent her a bad of gold, her reaction was so great on these.  She says they are super well built and optically obviously superior over what she's been using - and has had a couple of compliments on the way they look too.
If you're applyingwearing acrylics (or have something like horse hoofs on the ends of your fingers), this brand may be useful. These are not nice, gentle finishing buffer - they remove nail material! I'll admit, I don't have especially great nails. They tend to be a bit thin and weak, so I try to take care of them with regular manicures. In between visits, I was doing a quick touch-up; by the time I got the smooth finish I was looking for, I could feel my nail sort of pulling up at the tip and away from the nail bed. Maybe I got overly aggressive with it, but this wasn't my first nail-buffing rodeo! Be careful.
Works well on curling short hair
I got this for my wife she’s in beauty school she loves it, she is very happy with it!
I’m in beauty school I get this for my kit, now my classmates want me to order them some of the same wands for them. When they saw me use it they went crazy and wanted to use it when I was done styling a client. It’s amazing and the price is out of this world and it’s a beautiful wand.
This is quality product, but it won't dissolve in water. The best way I've found to use it is to put it in a smoothie. That also kind of wasted because it sticks to the sides of the glass. I doubt I'll buy this again unless it comes in a truly powdered form. It's too expensive for me to waste like this.
As someone with sensory issues and needing motivation to clean anyway, these gloves worked well. Pacific PPE's 2-pack of household gloves are unlined and a bit thin, and this pair was sized large. They ran very large, particularly for my medium hands.They were perfect for bathroom cleaning. They are quite long and came above my hoodie sleeves enough to protect them but also so that I didn't have to worry about pushing my sleeves up. My gripe about most gloves is they aren't long enough, so fluids get into them anyway. Didn't happen at all with these gloves. They were protective from cleaning chemicals and water.They are quite thin, so I wonder how long before one tears. Likewise, not knowing much about this material, I wonder if they will  become brittle over time, particularly from chemical contact.In all they are great gloves and worth every dime.
I have never had noni fruit, so this powder was my introduction to it. The flavor is mild when mixed into a beverage or smoothie, and for its many health benefits seems to be a good thing. I have some concerns around using it often, as it can impact kidneys. Other than that, If like to try other forms of this fruit. This powder is very affordable as a quick add-in supplement.
I was kind of skeptical about buying something online that I've never smelled before, but I am SO happy I purchased this.  It smells incredible! It's a nice pretty pink color and made my skin so silky feeling!
It is difficult to keep your teeth dry to put on the whitener.
Big fat elastic ninjas to teach Hookes law in physics.  Good quality.  Huge hit with students.
A positive difference noticed within the first day of use.
The expiration date is a month from now and it was produced 2yrs ago. Charcoal is ok. It smokes a lot and smells. Not very high quality.
Very flimsy. I did think there was going to be a top to these, but there wasn't. The slots are also smaller than I thought.
Absolutely love puffs plus tissue. Don’t run out auto delivery!!! Especially this time of year can’t beat this deal!!
Will see If the duration was worth the investment. Product works - just need to determine cost.
Great (6) pack👍🏽Gets (5) ⭐️
It was very helpful for pain associated with TMJ.
The scent is not strong enough
excellent product - thank you for the fast service
excellent product - thank you for the fast service
Love these!!! Third time around buying! It’s hard to find good bath bombs at this price — here they are!
I have a leather club chair that I just love. I also have five dogs, one of whom is a big, active Pittie who LOVES that chair. She sits in it all day to look outside. She also takes running leaps into the chair which causes it to careen across the room into the wall. Just about every time. The leather was getting scratched and borderline cracked, like if I hadn’t done something to those cracks forming, the leather would have just split open in a BUNCH of places.First I wiped the chair down with a clean wet rag, then I took a little bit of this in my hands and warmed it up, then I applied it with my hands all over the leather. I rubbed it in thoroughly, and after 15-20 minutes, I bugged it with a clean dry cloth. Omg, it looks AMAZING. You can still see the (almost) crack, but now that it isn’t all dried out anymore it just looks worn in and distressed, but no longer trashed.I definitely recommend this stuff. It was so quick and easy to apply with just my hands, and it only takes a teeny tiny amount, so this will last forever. I’m about to go condition my Timberland boots with it right now and can’t wait to see the results (that same dog has trashed my boots - I won’t even tell you what she did to those because ICK). Side note, that same dog licked the chair after I was done, and she is still with us, so it’s a very dog friendlysafe product.
No dislike at all. Love the toothpaste
Worked great.  Would recommend this.
This product is great, especially for the price!!  It’s easy to use and my baby girl doesn’t mind it at all!
We love this type of tissues! It’s super soft and we go through them like crazy. It’s great to be able to buy them in bulk for a great price.
love this for tender aching feet. big enough not to spill over
Love it. Lots of complements!
Not my fav cleaner preferred the original item much better.
Very deceiving as there was nothing stating that they would poorly paint rubber and glue it to mediocre glass.
Like Kleenex better than puffs.
Started using March 25, 2015 so don't know how it is working yet.
Works like Comet should!
This is good and very moisturizing
A great alternative than using bleach tablets.
Works Great!  Best thing I have used to remove callus on feet and hands!
Doesn't snap shut tight enough.
These pluckin' things are great.  I am so tired of the cheapo tweezers that just don't grab hairs or grab them at an angle and chop them rather than let you pluck 'em.The plucking set that I received is smoothly ground on the tips so that they make direct contact with each other and as a result these things are pluckin' awesome.I'm telling y'all, you're gonna love these pluckin' things.  From the moment you eradicate that pesky nose hair, or when you take care of pluckin' away at that patch of hair tickling your ear, you're going to wish you had these pluckers a long time ago.
I really had my doubts going into this purchase, but being backed by not only the seller's guarantee and also Amazon's phenomenal customer service in the past, I thought I'd take a chance on this item without any prior experience with anything like it before.I'm glad I did.  And before I started this review, I ordered two more of them.  Let me tell you why...I am a cat owner, and my particular kitty cannot go outdoors because she was born deaf (and she's declawed.)  It's a genetic thing, blue eyes, white hair, look it up if you're inclined, but she's the love of my life and I have trained her with hand signals instead of vocal interactions.Anyway, this should be about the product, and let me tell you, it makes the kitty litter room invisible to your nose. Highly recommended!
Cute, but a bit misleading. Colors were on-point, size was not. Instructions were non-existing.
Has all the right tools for quick adjustments. Easy to use.
Exactly what I expected.
I have used KT tape and Rock tape both are excellent but expensive I tried this brand but not again - I must be allergic to the adhesive it has torn my ankle up very itchy and irritated swollen and welts- not happy
I bought one of these to simply light candles. The arc spark gets them burning quickly, without the hassle of a grill lighter. I cannot speak to the long term reliability, however it charged easy off my Mac wired keyboard.
I use an eye mask and ear plugs every night, ever since I worked night shift years ago. This one sits gently across my eyes, forms and keeps the light out. You can adjust the Velcro strap which I prefer, no metal to press against my head.  Definitely recommend, will be getting more to have on hand.
Loved the feel on my feet gave me soft support. Loved them
I need to clean my yoga mat for obvious reasons (see picture) I bought this one based on the reviews and went with peppermint because it's a refreshing and awakening scent; it definitely didn't disappoint! I love this and recommend it not only if your beloved pet thinks she owns your yoga mat but also just to give it a refresh from the funky sweat and other nasty smells.
Great for when my kids spend the night with family but definitely didn’t work out well for daily use at home.
Only one thought - not enough variation on design colors, used as decorator items.  Great product none better.
Like the scent when cleaning in summertime and fall
Works well, as described.
I purchased this for my mother-in-law as she was looking for one for her dogs and she loved it. She is very satisfied with it.
Great purchase. Couldn't beat the price with the amount that came with it.
This is the silliest product I’ve ever seen.  The material is very tough and it is impossible to follow the directions to put them on.  I waited too long too return them so I’m stuck with them.
Pretty expensive for Mr. clean.
So far so good, like the way it’s made
I noticed that they must have changed the ingredients in The Works. It does not clean off rust build up as easily as it did years ago. You have to scrub quite aggressively to get the buildup off now.
Didn’t even cut the hair... very poor quality
Perfect case for my pulse ox. Now I can keep up with it better.
They work really well but i hate bubble gum flavor. That being said, its not overpowering.
Hubby suffers with pain in the back and legs.  He has just started using this.  According to information we looked into, it takes weeks and perhaps months for significant relief, but he thinks there has already been some relief. The directions are easy to follow.  We are looking forward to the increased results with continued use.
This seems like a revolution or complete reinvention of electric razors for women.  (Of course, it is telling my age to say that my first one was used in the 1960s, but boy, razors have come a long way.) This one can be used as soon as it arrives, before you even finish charging it, because the charger cord is long enough to permit flexibility of use while charging.  It comes with a type C power cable, but you will need your own type C charger (which I fortunately already have several of). The shaving head easily follows the curves of my legs. The body of the charger is longer, sleeker, and much advanced ergonomically-speaking than the short square-shaped ones of my past. There is a cleaning brush and a carrying case.  I am totally satisfied.
Although not the most durable, it did the job.  But if you plan on mailing items using this, I wouldn't get this.  If it's just for gifts that you will transport locally or at your home then it does a decent job.
Have not had it very long but seems to be working. Tightens your mussels,easy to use.Just wish the direction were a little better. This is worth the money.Good luck lady's.
I use the larger size at home to get the sleep crust off of my lashes. This one is the perfect size for my toiletry travel kit.
Fast shipping good flavor especially with almond milk
Anti fog effectiveness is marginal and my glasses are now constantly smudged. Cleaning them multiple times a day hoping to totally get rid of this stuff.
This does not work for me ,it did nothing.I gave it a 3 star for getting it fast.
I have been using this for about 4 or 5 days and have not noticed anything, but I'm going to give it more time. I'm 52 and have bags under my eyes so am hoping this can help with them.After weeks of using daily I have not noticed anything.
I wasn't a fan of this because it gave me the jitters!
I was sad that I had to send these back because I liked the size and design very much.  Unfortunately these would hardly cut the dogs hair.  I had to press against the fur too hard to get the blade to cut.  Acted like a dull blade, ?  Noisier than my last trimmer. Maybe I just got a bad set ?
We love the original Oreck carpet cleaner.  We have purchased different off brand cleaners and they do not work as well as the original Oreck.
A must for banana split parties!!! Good quality materials! 3 generations enjoyed the extra special party boats! Our grands hand washed them to reuse again! The umbrellas were ‘recycled’ to their doll house. :)
This little guy saved me from having to buy a new microwave!!! The handle broke off of it and my gums and found this cool gadget and it’s worked great!! I was a bit apprehensive but to my surprise, did the trick. Thank goodness!! Highly recommended.
Slides around too much on the bottom of my foot
Was so uncomfortable, I sent it back.
It was all and more than what I expected and arrived in less than 3 days. I am a jigsaw puzzler and it is the only and best way to have enough light. Love it ! LoveIt
Bought these to remove mildew stains on boat seats. Didnt get all the stains off, but did a great job removing dirt and grime.Initially, they kept falling apart on me. Little pieces of the sponge were like crumbling off. You have to keep the sponge pretty wet! Do not wring it all the way out!
Like this company and the ease of ordering on Amazon where we look for everything. The meadowsweet was fresh and nicely cut. I use it in my chicken coop as part of an herb blend that keeps the nest boxes fresh and free if the pests that like to jump on chickens!
I carry this case with me everywhere I go. Fits nicely in my purse. Sturdy, the shell is hard but not solid. I chose this one because it held more oils than the rest I found. I love the color. It holds 58 Dram bottles nicely, Even the ones with rollers. I do not think it will hold the 3 ml bottles. I have that size too.
i drink a lot of coffee so decided on buying this. i did not notice any difference on my teeth ..will say since i have sensitive teeth worked out great on that point. but did not see whitening effect using this.
This is great for when I get really wound up, tackling too many projects at once, when my body is tired but my brain won't shut down to sleep, and when I can't stay asleep for a good night's rest. I like that it is a natural source of melatonin (plain melatonin is synthesized because it occurs in such small amounts naturally). I take this amino acid with others to support my health. I trust Source Naturals; I haven't found any problems with their products on Consumer Lab's website. I've been taking L-Tryptophan for a couple years intermittently, and daily for the past three months.
I have purchased quite a few different supplements and had some free sample sizes from Bulk Supplements over the last few years. Horsetail is a herb I have heard about but never thought seriously adding it to my regimen until recently. Listening to a video on alternative dentistry, horsetail is the go-to herb for healthy teeth and gums. I ordered the herb from Bulk Supplements and began to take 1teaspoon a day. The color of the powder is brown and the taste tolerable. I was concerned about the quality and freshness though. After taking it for 2 weeks I couldn't tell one way or the other if it was having any effect at all. In the meantime I decided to order the same herb through another well known company that only sells fresh dried herbs, oils, etc organically grow, and American made. It arrived today. This new one is like night and day. It is green and smells earthyfresh. It is still just tolerable to taste, but that is pretty typical with herbs. I chuck it back with just enough water to get it down then chase with at least a cup of purified water. So, sorry, B.S. But your product just doesn't pass the quality test with this particular herb. I wouldn't recommend it and I plan on purchasing other herbs from the other company because I know it is high quality.
This has helped our 4-year-old son, who is displaying some signs of autism, tremendously!  Since beginning the fish oil, he is sleeping better, having more regular bowel movements (and fewer accidents in his underwear), talking more, playing with toys more appropriately and answering questions without simply repeating the question back to us.  The flavor is wonderful and does not taste fishy at all.  I mix it for the kids in yogurt and they gobble it down.  This fish oil has truly made a remarkable difference for us and we will be customers for life!
Just as pictured. Good quality.
Bought as Christmas gift...I’m assuming they will be okay.  They seem ok.
This gets the job done!  I barely have to file my nails after.
These are a very poor fit.  I ordered based on their charts and measurements but the product is much too loose to provide any support.  Not recommended.
I had to purchase these because all stores and online sites were put of scotch brite brand. Don't expect these to last more than a few days. The green scrub bad starts to get all fuzzy and fall apart.
high quality
Returning this order i didn't see anything good in this product. Repeller? I doesn't repel anything. Insects are still coming in.
To small to use the elastic band doesn't stretch to get around your waist and if your short like me the middle part is to wide. I tried to use it once but was unable to even use it the whole day because it wouldn't stay on.
This machine gave fast reading, not sure if the accuracy for the most part though. Very compact and easy to carry
I bought these for my nieces & nephews to have fun with since I enjoyed them in the 70's.  The kids love them!
It was smaller than expect it but overall good container to storage rice, beans etc
Fit my z2 travel cpap perfectly.  Admittedly I was using it in a more tropical climate, so I can't attest to how well it works in a drier area, but it seemed to help with dryness that I've experienced without it.
It is very cute idea! However when I received it some of the letters were coming off. Also some of the letters are straight and some are crooked which drives my perfectionist brain wild. I think I will be able to fix them, but obviously I would prefer not to fix something I bought.
Great alternative soap.
This is lightweight. It is colorful. Keeps the sun off of my face. I'm able to fold it over to make it a little thicker when needed.
This is colorful and lightweight. Keeps the sun off of my face...I used some iron on hem tape to make it a bit smaller.
The jar is neutral in color and attractive, but the best thing about it is that I don’t have to strike repeatedly to get the matches to light. The stick-on paper is a surprisingly effective striking surface.
Although I try to follow a keto diet, it ends up being more of a low card eating lifestyle. I do, however, have low blood pressure and tend to have pretty large dips after intense workouts. I find that adding this to some water immediately after a work out really helps me to avoid that dizzy blood pressure crash after. I have to rate this product with four stars versus five though - because the taste is dreadful. If there was a way to make this product tasteless that would be great! The taste of this product reminds me of the smell of infant liquid vitamins (yuck) as it is overly sweet and has a metallic taste. As such, I can deal with chugging this down quickly in 8oz of water for the restorative post workout effects.
I would equate the energy boost of this product to that of a strong cold brew coffee.... There is a noticeable increase in “pep” upon taking, but - unfortunately for me- the increased energy was also accompanied by a pretty strong headache. As someone that suffers from migraines, I will likely avoid this product in the future.
Perfect for a small bathroom
This is a nice-feeling, smooth, non-smelly lotion that does well on my 34-year-old skin.  It's certainly not foundation, but it could stand in for a BB Cream.  It doesn't appear that it would be waterproof -- and, in fact, in a deep sweat it starts to run slightly, but I have this problem with many such creams.  Overall, I'd recommend.  As a reference, I would consider myself medium-fair, and the light is sufficient.
Love this powder. Put it in your cut flower water and your flowers will last at least twice as long.Great product at a reasonable price.
Love these! I’ve been using them on my son since he was a baby and feel comfortable still using them now. I don’t worry about putting them too far in his ears. I can’t find them locally so I order from Amazon.
Kinesio tape is great for many physical body scenarios.  I have tried other brands which are not as effective as the Kinesio Tex Gold brand. It is very adhesive and generally lasts at least three days. You can shower with it on, swim, sweat, etc. It is also easy to take off and little adhesive is left on your skin. **I learned how to apply the tape for my injury from my physical therapist, I recommend talking to them before applying on yourself.
This is a "vegan friendly" toothpaste with a mildly minty flavor that is reminiscent of peppermint. The mildness means it doesn't have the sting that some other brands have. This MAY also help prevent sensitivity issues that occur with other whitening toothpastes.As for the actual whitening qualities, after using it for a week (2x daily) I've noticed SLIGHT whitening effects, but nothing dramatic.It DOES leave your mouth feeling fresh after brushing however, and my teeth feel "smooth" after brushing.The active ingredient is sodium fluoride at 0.24%, which is exactly the amount in other toothpastes I compared it to.On another note, there is a considerable amount of air in the tube (so it takes a little pressure to release that first squirt).Overall, I'd say this is a decent toothpaste that is mild, and whitens slightly, but it's also pricey, and not much different than any drugstore brand of whitening toothpaste.
I'm using this as a light moisturizer, and for that it is perfect. All lotions make my face break out even though I am well beyond my teenage years. This is just enough moisture, and doesn't clog pores.It feels slightly sticky at first, but that doesn't last. The scent is pleasant, and I believe it comes from the ingredients rather than added perfume. The spray pump works well as a mister. It takes a lot of spraying to saturate a cotton ball, so I've been applying it directly on my face.
Though the gray color put me off at first, the results were great--soft, shiny hair. The smell is strong, but it  reminds me of a spa that uses a lot of natural products and I like it.
Our kitchen (stove, refrigerator and dishwasher) now gleams! This leaves no film behind and it's fantastic on fingerprints. It removes dried food too, though that takes slightly more work. I like that it's in a spray bottle that's easy to aim because my last  stainless steel product was in a aerosol can that made you feel like you were in a cloud of cleaner when you use it---plus this works better than that too. A+
These eyeglass cases are very handy and cute.  They fit in my purse really well.  The order came quickly.  I was pleased.
I love the taste of these.
the adjustable velcro is so long that it  always get's cut in the microfiber fabrics and rips everything apart, very cheap quality!
This product is more potent for use than Epsom salts (magnesium sulfate).  These flakes are magnesium chloride and do a better job of relaxing muscles (or at least the effect lasts longer).  This product is also natural and unprocessed.
I'm satisfied and arrived as described on time, will buy again
Great stuff!
I am a repeat buyer of this great product...!
I'm happy w the product, the price and the delivery speed
I usually use Ayer Gel Nadal Spray when I travel on planes.  It's the best way to fight getting sick from traveling.  Keeping your nostrils moist and breathing through your nose is the key to fighting airborne germs.  I used this nasal spray on my roundtrip flight to Canada.  This spray works well but I had to keep reapplying it.  The Ayer Gel spray seems to coat my nostrils better but this spray works well for daily usage.  I will continue using the thicker gel Nadal spray on planes but I well use this at work and home because it does moisturize my nasal passages when my nose doesn't completely dry out which happens on flights.
These are made in China and the quality shows.  The sound is acceptable but not great.  The headphones get hot at times and I am worried about that.  I don't think these are worth $26 dollars but it seems like that is the lowest price going for these.  If you are looking for a cheap headset for a young kid I would get these but don't expect much from them.
  These are the cheapest piece of crap you could by.  The sleeve itself doesn't stay in place and the padding inside is a piece of itchy scratchy egg crate foam.  There is no cover on the foam.  I cannot believe this item has gotten such rave reviews.  I will be posting a video to show you the quality, or lack of it with this product.  You are better off buying something else like Futuro which is what I am using now for my Ulnar Nerve issues which have been bothering me both day and night.  The Futuro Elbow Support has been working great and I highly recommend it!
I am a type 1 female diabetic with a ravenous appetite.  When I don't take this stuff, I am eating all day long.  When I take these supplements in the morning and afternoon I eat much less and take much less insulin!  A win-win for me.  I do not use the shakes from Advocare, they are too sweet and have too many carbs.  I use Syntha 6 protein powder which tastes much better than the Advocare shakes.  I also like the Advocare Spark.  It gives me energy and helps me focus.
Not the tastiest but not nasty either.  I really like this and feel its effects right away.  I breathe better, my wounds are healing, my chest is clearingmy fluid is not retaining, kidney,urinary tract and bladder infections are now just distant memories.  Sorry I'm not balding 'cause I know this would fix it.Seriously though, this has many uses for different problems so give it a try!
I remembered this alcohol scent from when I was a kid. Our home was filled with extra stuff, too much to fit in a medicine cabinet so this was on the 3 tier shelf just outside the bathroom. This was a different alcohol with a great scent. Years later I found it again in a beauty supply store and still loved it and used it like I did regular alcohol. I'd also apply to my underarms, instead of deodorant, when I'd be home to help keep me smelling fresh and feeling cool.
Wouldn’t cut worth a hoot ! Scissors kept falling a part . Took over 2 hrs to cut a Yorkie and the dog was being good but the clippers just wouldn’t cut ! Got a set of WAHL and they are great !
Worked 1 time. After that, never worked again. The big lettering "Made in China " right on chargercord should have tipped me off. For the record, this is my first one star review in years, if ever.
bigger then I thought.
I've been using this tumeric for over a month now and its a good product.
The problem is that if oils leak, you need a new insert of foam rubber.  I need one.  I put tin foil in the oils where oils leaked.  Otherwise, love the case.
It definitely does it's duty. I add a scoop with my laundry pod and you get an extra clean
Short handle, soft brush. Chinese label printing.Not labeled for sale in USA retail stores..
I am writing a review of the ChillMED brand. The Travel Bag I bought was defective to the point where I want to warn others: These are not made to last.This is a horrible product made in China. I bought it in February. After 8 months it is literally falling apart. Rip Off! Buyer Beware.(The MedPort brand products are even worse...)The &#34;nylon&#34; fabric is cheap, thin, and coated with something that is flaking off inside the pouch.The outside fabric attracts dirt and is difficult to clean (Porus, canvas like nylon material.)The stitches are pulling out and elastic stretched, pulled and fraying.Had to throw it in the garbage because it has become unsanitary, unable to be cleaned by wiping...When new the pouch inside had to be resewn because it was too loose to hold in the bag of syringes.The grey material stains easily, relative to a black material. Appears dirty after a month of use.Horribly Overpriced.Another example of people with medical problems being overcharged because they need it.Sigh...
I am writing a review of the ChillMED brand. The Travel Bag I bought was defective to the point where I want to warn others: These are not made to last.This is a horrible product made in China. I bought it in February. After 8 months it is literally falling apart. Rip Off! Buyer Beware.(The MedPort brand products are even worse...)The &#34;nylon&#34; fabric is cheap, thin, and coated with something that is flaking off inside the pouch.The outside fabric attracts dirt and is difficult to clean (Porus, canvas like nylon material.)The stitches are pulling out and elastic stretched, pulled and fraying.Had to throw it in the garbage because it has become unsanitary, unable to be cleaned by wiping...When new the pouch inside had to be resewn because it was too loose to hold in the bag of syringes.The grey material stains easily, relative to a black material. Appears dirty after a month of use.Horribly Overpriced.Another example of people with medical problems being overcharged because they need it.Sigh...
Great taste good and useful on the road.
I thought it was Lysol.
The pad is perfect for the pain in my hips when I sit.Thank you
Soft and natural.  I love it.
Great to have this box!
Great love it's the perfect height.  Light weight but sturdy
Wife wears all the time!
Bought these as a gift but was able to try them out. I think that it was weird but worth trying out.
It’s ok. I use it for my injuries in the shower. I need something a little more rough. This is nice to keep your skin soft with daily use. I rinse off with cold water to prevent a rash, but using anything with friction on the skin can cause irritation.
I was nervous ordering these but they came perfect for my items I sell. The color is accurate and bags are not to thin. Great for lip gloss
At some points I enjoyed this but using it as hoped to sit behind my head while I’m driving or safely parked during lunch. The strap didn’t hold up the unit in place like o wanted to and this soon dropped too low to stay up from the elastic band wearing down too fast and not way to tighten it down
I have only been taking it about 2 weeks but It seems to be working well. Thank you for your good customer service!
Ok product for the money. Disinterested like the new cables
I love that I could get them in the quantity I did
They are ok
Worked Very well ! After gum surgery, light weight, easily placed where needed without adding more discomfort! & They R PINK!
These gloves do exactly what they're made to do: protect your hands from dirt, grime and water. The gloves are comfortable; however just a tad too big. I have long fingers so the length is perfect, but they are a little baggy. No worries! They still work well for washing dishes and general cleaning around the house. Be sure to note that only the teal gloves are flocked and the pink and white gloves are not. I'm fine with either, but that may cause an issue to others.
I like the scarf it just doesn’t stay in place the way I thought it would.
I have been able to reuse them, it is a tight squeeze putting them back togetherBe careful, they do not fit all bottle inserts
These meal are great , and filling
I  am the most skeptical person and ordered this on the spur of the moment, desperate to find a good multi along with minerals, etc. After a week, I  could feel the difference in my body. My focus is much higher and I  am exercising again. Sleep is way better. Changes are happening day by day. It's been two weeks and this is the good stuff. Buy it.
First off, I bought this product for my grandmother who was diagnosed with dementia almost a year ago. I had seen it as a lightning deal and decided to try it for her in addition to her medication she is currently taking. I must say I do think the product seems to help her. I know it can be tricky writing a review on a vitamin because just like medication, everyone reacts differently. I have seen days where she is really good and sharp  almost like her old self and yet she has some days that are not so great. I feel this product has helped with her mood swings and her cognitive functions. I do recommend trying this product but it doesn't work over night so I wouldn't expect it to a 'miracle' vitamin. My grandma has been on this vitamin for a couple of months now, and I'm pleased with the results I have seen for her.
Yookat Medical Arm Sling- This arm sling looked good in the photo, so I ordered it. It is evident it is made overseas, and the instructions for use were difficult to understand. After figuring out how to put it on, I realized it is made to immobilize your arm. And I mean totally immobilized. Others may find this sling comfortable, but I did not. It was painful to wear, so I had to return it. I ended up purchasing a standard arm sling at a big box store near me. This was one of those purchases where I needed the convenience of a local store to be able to try on a sling in person and trade it in if it didn't fit, without having to mail anything. I found a standard sling that worked find for $15- at a local store. Amazon is still amazing, but some things are best purchased locally, depending on your immediate need.
The ones I received looked ancient. They were returned.
THIS JUST WORKS
Got this today and the instructions state to pour the powder into your mouth, but, gosh, it’s absolutely awful.  Due to it being fish collagen, the fish taste is definitely there and the so-called green apple flavor isn’t.  I could barely finish the packet. I will try to add this to some orange juice, to cut the flavor.I will update this review if I notice any difference.
Looks like a real person. This hot chick does my dishes, laundry and house cleaning for free and does a great job at it. I no longer let her do the cooking because last time I let her cook she cooked she got to close to the flame and pop!!!! So I called 911 and they saved my little lady.
This stuff smells great but it lasts ten minutes and it's gone. I'm giving four stars because it smells so good, but again.. It won't stick around no time and you'll have to spray more.I believe it's the sprayer partly responsible for the fast fade out of the smell. It sprays such a heavy amount, it falls straight to the floor immediately as opposed to suspending in the air for a few seconds. The sprayer is not adjustable either. It's simply too much liquid coming out of the nozzle at once. Period. Again, it smells great though.
I did not get the deal as advertised on TV.
Very good product!!
I really like the shape of the product it's easy to hold and works great
Great product... good price... love the multipack... will definitely buy again in the future. Once you go Scrub Mommy you'll never go back! I also suggest that you purchase the Scrub MommyDaddy while round holder that you can mount in your kitchen sink (the one that is createddistributed by another company).
Grainy, does not dissolve.  it's like sand in the bottom of a cup
these work fantastic. Great shipping. all tools are nicely beveled. No burs. works great an highly recommend the set for different tools to have one always handy and ready.
Just what I wanted! I own the battery operated kind and always wanted the electric for more power. It does what its supposed to do.Very happy with my purchase.
Holy Sand Paper! I won't be using these on my baby's perfectly soft tush. These things feel like they could take the skin right off.
They're great!Recommend
Full disclosure: I totally thought this was a joke. I saw the image in the description of the ironic hipster holding a green smoothie and thought this was a &#34;soylent green&#34; type gag gift for your literary friends who like a dark joke. Turns out this is actually a legit meal replacement powder. Boy I feel silly, having a giant tub of neutral flavored Slim Fast sitting on the counter forever now.
I live this new flavor! I have gastroparesis these definently help with the not normal nausea we experience from this condition
Bought this as an alternative to fresh wild blueberries to add to the Medical Mediums heavy metal detox smoothie!
These are great! So beautiful and you can feel the quality of the grit on the files themselves. I’ve owned quite a few brands of glass files before and I’m so glad I found these.
Arrived with a leak in the bottle
This is a rather large product, but I like the shape and how it can stand up on its own on the carpet. It has lights on it that fluctuate to different colors, but if you are using it when you are sleeping, the lights can be turned off. It has several different levels of use and you can turn it on high to get the most heavy air cleaning. Seems to work well and it's easy to remove and clean the filter.
I was really glad it was already assembled. I'm glad I got the wood instead of the plastic. It is well made and should last for a long time. I thought it would take a while for my body to adjust to the positioning of the legs, but to my surprise it worked just like the said it would. I'm thinking about purchasing one for my mom. The real trial will come if I have problems going. I'm glad I got it.
I really really love it, perfect  size and I love the color.
Box was unsealedopened when it arrived.  Want a refund
A bit pricy but great forThe Patriots fan in your life.
They eat them most of the time when they are fresh.. Many times they are dry.
I tried this product for the first time. It smelled very good but the  sensation I did not like. Maybe it was the mint and that irritated me. I could not keep it on more than 20 minutes. I have them to my daughter and she loves them
I like that these BCAAs are vegan, flavored and contain glutamine. The apple is pretty good. It dissolves good enough to not leave chunks or blobs of powder, but it doesn't turn sheer. In total, these are pretty good, not perfect, but I've had much worse. I do think drinking this helps with my workouts and muscle building and healing.
The limeade is a great flavor. It mixes well and tastes good with other flavors. It does have a weird smell that I can't place. I don't know if it's the coconut water, sucralose, BCAAS, or something else. It's not unbearable or even bad, I just don't know what it is. I would also like to know more about the quality of the BCAAs and how they are derived. This is also sweetened with Sucralose which isn't my favorite. Otherwise, I would give this five stars.
This review is for the vanilla cold brew flavor. This is so good. It's one of the best tasting whey proteins I've tried. I usually add a lot of extra stuff to my protein shakes including cinnamon and extra vanilla. This is great just on it's own. Cold water, frozen banana and this protein is refreshing and satiating all at the same time.The flavor is great, and this is also a whey protein that I can feel good about with all of the quality ingredients. The package is large too. Some of my other protein powders look about half full when they are brand new. This bag holds a lot.
Can’t smell the scent
This product needs no soap. It contains cleansers and a calming lavenderchamomile scent. Great for  a quick wash. Fabulous for any kind of travel. Easy to use.
This is the best of the critter chasers I have tried here. Easier to install and seem to be louder. Extra star: come with documentation for maintenance and battery replacement. Waiting to see how long the rechargeable batteries last. This is my second purchase of this set.
These were so cute.  I feel I get a good, clean feel after using them on my face at night.  I give 2 thumbs up.
Awesome pain reliever alternative to OTC and I can take it everyday without worrying about liver damage. Last all day of pain relief. I used it daily, one cap in the AM & one cap about 4pm. One cap is sufficient for light pain. Takes about an hour for it to work with or without food.
helping someone who is unable to get the drops in her eye without the dropper touching her eye.  This works fantastic with the single dose dropper and she was able to administer the drops herself.  It worked so well I ordered a second one for myself.
3 stars for whitening  I only used it twice and not sure yet..it does however have a very minty sent . Love that it comes with 2 me and my husband are giving it  a try. Update a month later I have not used it continuously so I cant say but even just the 1 time using it it works decent I have to say I was pretty suprised.
The smell is a bit weird... however, I am so fond of the fact that it is a silky, lotion consistency and not a nasty, stinging oil ! This product is great, but you may wish to wash your hands after using it ! Or add a medicinal, therapeutic grade, quality, Organic, essential oil fragrance to it.... in order to mask the scent ! Over all though... I highly recommend the product. It works FAST !
I thought I was receiving a larger size, so when I received the very small bag that I paid over ten dollars for... I wasam quite disappointed. The amount I received... is worth about 5 dollars MAX. I got ripped off... because I was in a hurry and not paying close enough attention to the ounces. So, be forewarned... IF you make the purchase, you will be receiving a very SMALL bag for over ten dollars.
It's OK… it works alright, but it is NOT powerful at all ! That part of the description is deceiving.
Easy to make and great tasting
This tincture was suggested to me and I'm so glad! I'm detoxing and there is no aftertaste to cry about. This is a small company that obviously takes pride in their product! I will be checking out other products! Very good product.
This tincture was suggested to me and I'm so glad! I'm detoxing and there is no aftertaste to cry about. This is a small company that obviously takes pride in their product! I will be checking out other products! Very good product.
Hi,I purchased a large container of berry lemonade. I do like it. I only wish I know the source of color. It's blue. I'd prefer a more natural color.
Works great  no issues
I got this for my daughter's nebulizer and all the stuff that goes with it. The stuff barely fits inside using both side pockets and I thought it would all fit in the main compartment. I only got one lock because I thought this we have 2 toddlers who keep messing with the stuff so that's why we got the bag and the lock. I can get another lock but when I get a refill on her meds it won't all fit no matter what I do. The picture is misleading and the bag smaller than you think it will be.
I have not received this yet but it doesn't make any difference. This is the best on the market, trust me I know because I have tried them all. It takes half the time of scrubbing, and I use it every day. Things that you think are ruined wont be anymore. The price for this 8 pack puts all the other stores to shame. Unless you have a triple coupon. But you can only buy one. Trust me I am a neat freek. Type A, so anyone that understands this  you know how important it is. I love this Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. You can't go wrong! Thanks, Florida Deb.
I absolutely LOVE these prerolls. First off, they are made out of natural cotton cellulose, water, and glycerin - all natural ingredients - NOT plastic - and they smoke sooooo well!! I highly recommend purchasing ;)
In my opinion, these pre-rolls work just as well as their more expensive competitors. Definitely a great buy, especially if you want to save few bucks
Cap leaks.Hate the taste. I hope it us as good as u say.
Have to have helps with COPD
These are completely inedible.  Way too  stiff to eat.  If you try to heat it up in order to soften it, and heat it for just a little too long it puffs up and smells horrible.  Do not recommend.
One of the finest whey isolate protein powders available.  Fantastic for the lactose intolerant.  Flavors that are some of the best I have ever had.  This one is for the Chocolate.  Best Chocolate ever.
I always try to expand on my Syntrax Nectar line at home.  It's just that this Lemon Tea defies all principles of it's category. It's so ridiculously good!  The Lemon Tea is "chuggable".  A full array of flavors awaits you.  This is my favorite, 10 tubs later.  I have taken a liking to the Green Apple as well.In the past 2 years I tried about 14 flavors from 6 different companies now offering similar-sounding fruit  clear or "non-milky" whey isolate products.  Not one even comes close to what Syntrax Nectar has achieved.They also have a line of "Naturals" sweetened with Stevia for people who prefer this sweetener.  I am not a big fan.  However, the Orange, Fruit Punch, and Natural Peach of this line get great reviews.
Hubby really likes it
It is pricey compared to other older eating sprays, but that's because it is what you'd expect for that higher price. I really appreciate that quality.
Purchased this to add in a smoothie recipe.  This is fantastic flavor and I am sure packed with major nutrients.  I would definitely recommend to someone who makes smoothies all of the time.  I put a teaspoon in blender with frozen cherries, banana, orange juice and it was spectacular.  Will purchase again!
Works exactly as designed!
I had never used a pumice stone before, so the fault is mine. I should have ordered a finer- grain stone. On this one the little holes are so big they are not gentle to my feet.  However the item arrived on time and as described.
I bought these for wearing in a room with older people who like the volume turned up on the videos we seelisten to. I got to where I hated being there, the 30 minutes of loud volume left me with a headache every time and I found myself wanting to just run out of the room and go home! These ear plugs are very comfortable and I believe they will work just fine. I got the small size and I like how they will not be visible given their clear to opaque color. Yesterday I realized having earplugs in when I dry my hair makes that experience more tolerable also so I am quite glad to have these. I definitely recommend these. 😊
I really love these night shades, and sleep well with them
Just as pictured and described.
We wanted a first aid bag that we could fill for our dog. Its roomy and just what we needed.
This flavor is scrumptious, very soft and creamy, almost feels like a full calorie, full sugar dessert, but without all the carbs and sugars. Very satisfying to me. just remember to warm them in a micro for just a few seconds that's the big catch so don't plan on using them for on the go unless you leave them someplace warm where they will stay soft.
These bars are awesome. Just warm them up in the microwave for about 12 seconds and they are melty and soft. I love that I can have something sweet that doesn't Spike my blood sugar. They're chewy but that causes them to work well on my appetite control because I've chewed so much I feel totally satisfied.
It's expensive but it works! Definitely going to keep buying
Colloidals and nano particle minerals are great, wether you are an alchemist or not.. Be careful using them with any medical issues, especially copper, but if u utilize them correctly you can expect amazing results. Read up on them, & there are plenty of good knowledgeable people & actual Doctors and Scientist on youtube, that provide a plethora of great information and proven research on the different ones available, and the one or ones that are right for your personal situation.Blessings..
This is my go to “I feel like I got hit by a bus” medicine. I like that it’s a hot liquid and not a syrup that burns going down. It helps me feel better, and to get comfortable enough to get some sleep. The taste is pleasant- you can’t go wrong with honey and lemon with a sore throat and congestion. If they ever stop making this I’m gonna be in trouble.I LOVE YOU TheraFlu!!!
Love this file, hard to get in stores.
Great pill organizer.
More energy, kept me focused. Used this before workouts and work on computer.
I got this hoping that it would take care of a stress incontinent problem that I sometimes have, but have use 5 of them and still have not found it to take complete care of the problem.  Maybe I was expecting too much.  Will keep trying to see if &#34;user error&#34; is a reason for the product failure that I have experienced.
This is my favorite tissue.  I suffer from allergies and when the season is at its worst, I need this tissue to keep me from getting a sore nose.  This is a wonderful tissue!
My doctor told me to try taking Magnesium to help me sleep.  This product did the trick!  I get sleepy about 1 hour after taking this.  It also helps with digestive problems (remember Milk of Magnesia?).  Highly recommended.
great tool!
Moved a lot and did not feel helpful
Hardly any suction. Don’t bother purchasing. You’re better off with a manual pump.
Works for sore muscles as well as face roller.
Just wasn’t for me.
Small leaves less mess but don’t do it drive you get headbox instead of razor bumps
Love love love this product !
I like the pliability, length and sturdiness of this.
I do not like it this brand. It comes on at barely a touch, the cord is short and the speed is not what I am use too. I will not buy it again or refer it. I wish I could of sent it back.
I figured I'd try the Vanilla since I do like a couple of other flavors but this flavor is awful, it doesn't even taste like vanilla.
This was a nice back support, but the straps would get to loose due to the material and it sliding on my shirt. I also got to big. I am 5'5" 150lbs and got XL. It does depend on your Jean size on most measurements I would say not just weight. I am an 1113. XL was to big and I couldn't tighten it on my own. It comes with an extender for the waist part so I wouldn't be to concerned about it not fitting to tight in the tummy.  I just would rather have something super tight to make me stand up straight. It is a nice back brace if you get the right size!
I purchased this through a health food store.  I do have a coupe of sensitive spots on my scalp and it has managed to calms those spots of my scalp.  It does not take days to calm everything down, it only takes seconds.  I will buy this product soon.  It also eases the itching of my scalp and as far as I am considered this is a miracle.I did not know this product existed.  I found this while searching the supplement aisles at the grocery store.
I bought two of these for gifts. I was worried about the pressure being to hard based on other reviews but its great and can be adjusted. Everybody loves them. Yes buy it!
My 4yo had a saliva rash under his lower lip for nearly two months that wouldn’t go away. Pediatricians (two) recommended aquaphor and hydrocortisone cream, and neither worked to clear up his skin. The rash is gone after applying this lotion for two nights.
Perfect. I bought this to carry fertility medication in to and from work when I needed it. I’m using to transport breast milk tofrom the NICU a year later. It’s just the right size and keeps stuff that requires refrigeration cool enough.
Wonderfully fast delivery. Ordered it yesterday and received today, less then 24 hours, amazing.As for the mask it fits my husbands face, which is amazing. He’s 6’5” and it’s hard to find anything to fit him. Regular masks pull so hard on his ears it’s painful and with it being required to wear masks everywhere now a days he stays home. With it being adjustable he is so much more comfortable he tried it on today on his way to work and is so happy. The only downfall is the nose area not having a tight fit and will probably fog up his safety glasses, which he has to wear along with masks everyday at work. I’m looking into a couple of possibilities to rectify this problem. I gave 4 stars because it fits without causing pain, I subtracted a star for the fact that I have to make some adjustments to ensure it’s a mask he can use.
It was pretty purchased for mother in law but was stolen shortly after she received it so don’t know how well it would have worked
These are very nice. Lots of capacity and such a pretty color.
I love this eye mask. It is very soft and very comfortable to wear.
These drops stopped the stingingitching immediately upon first use. I’m pleased.
Just received this!Right off the bat, it is working.My digestiveautoimmune issues are too numerous to delve into (tmi), took this yesterday afternoon and this morning, things are moving along already!This is the first time in years that I have not felt “stalled out!”
Wore this on flights in January when flu season was rampant. Finally stayed well —no flu or URI. First time flying without getting sick in three years
Glasses sparkle again and sink odors are gone. YAY 🎉
Can’t live without this stuff! Have given bottles to at least 6 of my friends and family! Works 100%  better than any of the 20 or so other products I e tried. Thanks for making this winner !!!!!
Overall an inexpensive bottle for a small quantity of capsules for taking occasionally. The capsules are transparent so you can see the acai supplement you are consuming, no fillers or mix-ins. No after-taste for me with these.
we go through a lot of chickpeatos, they are good for snacks to take to school, road trips, etc. Make sure to bring water, as you will feel thirsty after eating a bunch of these.
This is one of my most favorite healthy snacks. I used to be able to order it in bulk through my grocery store but I moved to a new state and Amazon is the only place that carries them. The description is a little misleading, because you get 12 bags instead of one. This is the best price I’ve been able to find anywhere!
One of the two pill organizers is small and the other is large. I ordered two of the large ones, but received two different sizes. Annoying. Last time I ordered two and got two of the same size.Otherwise these GSK pill dispensers are nice - better than the cheap CVS version. Although the CVS dispensers take less turns to open. These GSK organizers are better for traveling (more sturdy).
We love Dreft, and this product helps with the tough stains! We have used it on everyone's clothes and I am so pleased with the results. It works well when used with the detergent.
I only wish the doors would spring all the way open, but I like that they rest open unlike many other pill boxes.  It seems sturdy at day 1!
These little bags are the perfect size for portion control. They work great!
This fish oil has a very pleasant taste, so it's easy to take.
I use this product in everything from smoothies to oatmeal, to pumpkin custard for extra protein. I highly recommend the Paleo Egg White Protein.
Tears easily.  if you wash your floss to reuse, you won't like this.
Fresh, light, and almost nutty tasting.  Did not activate my gag reflex-- and mine is sensitive to over-activating.  I'm using this for morning swishing as a daily oral hygiene habit instead of oil pulling with coconut or sesame, which texture-wise never worked well for me.  It helps to have a tongue scraper if going with this method.
Excellent for allergies. Unlike the the over-the-counter meds, these herbs have no side effects.
Fabulous, would buy them over and over again!  Barely feel them, good looking, Scojo rules!
Thank you!
I used these to hang tissues balls decorations from the ceiling.  We did have a couple decorations fall down, but most stayed up.  They were on an acoustic type of ceiling panel.  They weren't able to hold lighted Chinese lanterns very well from this ceiling though.  We ended up not using the lanterns because these dots couldn't hold them.  The good thing about these glue dots though is that they cause no damage to the wall or ceiling that you use them on, but they do have a limit to what they can hold.
This saved me money compared to the disposable pads that the pups like to tear apart.
I find my focus increased and my energy way up when I take 2 capsules. I appreciate that the ingredients are listed with amounts rather than a proprietary blend of ingredients.I’m a huge fan! I also noticed my appetite greatly reduced.
Great Stuff.  I can tell a difference in several bodily ways.... will not elaborate... but this change is more than in anything else I have ever taken.  I am 71 yrs of age and one thing I will elaborate on... my recall memory is better...  and it can't be coincidence,,, it's been bad for so long and now after taking several containers of this... I can tell a sizable difference.  Now I don't take it but only about 4 times a week and only 1 large scoop full.  As per my weight and directions, I should be taking about 2 scoops for a dosage.  I always tend to think they suggest dosage as max and I am not inclined to maximize dosage.... thus I take one large scoop when I take it.  Which makes it go further and I still get results.Thank you amazon for allowing this price to be affordable...  it's about at the top of my priceline and am grateful for that
I am on my third canister of this product.... It is really good... I mix mine and let it sit for a minute or two to let it all dissolve thoroughly... also improves the taste.  The flavor is quite pleasing (and in my opinion is better than the peach flavor) and I can tell that I feel better taking it.  Once a day, usually, I take one heaping scoop (scoop is in the canister).... it goes further and does make a difference in how I feel.  I don't take the full recommended dose because I figure I want it all to be absorbed without any waste... and usually items such as vitamins, etc will give you a max dosage so that you will replace more frequently.... as we all know, nutrients just leave the body when over taken.  Since this is mixed with liquid, it absorbs into the body more readily than a hard-packed pill.
I can stand on this scale in 10 different places around my house and get 10 completely different weights.  I have no clue how much I weigh with this scale.  Cheap and not worth it.  Spend a little more money and get something that works.
Not bad but is slightly too low for me in lateral position. The customer support seems helpful though and suggested to try two pillows on top of each other. I will give it a try.
During the holidays packaging is everything. Great bags for small packagws
GREAT WILL PURCHASE AGAIN
Best protein on the market!  Use for long runs.
Bought as part of a gift for a soap making kit and it was well received. A little bit makes a lot of soap so this was a great value!Update: Still 5 stars! Made soap regularly for 6 months with these before finally having to order more! Fantastic lather and has made great soaps.
I use this as my daily probiotic about a quarter cup a day and it has a wonderful taste.  I would recommend to anyone.
I am now buying ALL of this line and just have to say, it is the BEST thing I've bought on Amazon. I am not kidding. Let me explain. This is has a lovely light scent that just SMELLS AMAZING. I don't even just use this on myself, I also use this on my smelly chihuahua.  She loves it so much she's always trying to lick it off of my feet. Oh, that. I put it EVERYWHERE. Now no smelly anything after exercise, or from sweat, or anything else. I even dilute the body wash and use it as air freshener!! I wish it were also a cologne. If they would just make this scent in a shampoo, cleaning products, just everything they'd make with this scent and this ability to eliminate odor, I'd buy it. It's  a WOW product!
Neither this kit nor the Belly Buster kit have any snacks at all.  SO that's a major price increase. Same "price" but you're getting 25% less. The other kits have 5 breakfasts, 5 lunches, 5 snacks and 5 dinners.
I've bought several of these kits, and I finally figured out why this isn't working for me. A lot of the breakfasts and lunches are very sugary bars, which later make me feel like I'm starving - I think it's the sugar. For one thing, a granola bar, in my opinion, is a pretty lousy breakfast or lunch. Not very filling, and not much nutrition. Then after you eat these, you crash from the sugar high and are starving. I ended up eating eggs on the days that I was supposed to have the bars and I have bars left over. Weight loss was zero.  I lost on Nutrisystem before, but that was when they had artificial sweeteners. For those who want to know, this is low fat, low calorie, high carb, high sugar.  I do like most of the dinners.
These glasses have fantastic style and seemed sturdy. I had to return them, though, because I had trouble seeing out of the clear upper portion of the glasses. It was really distorted for me. Hopefully it won't be for you!
Perfect for our white elephant party
These help to keep my feet in place and a lot more comfortable.
I have been going through menopause symptoms for the past year.  After tearing my poor husband's head off and anyone else who came close I locked myself in my room for a whole day and did research to find something that would make things more manageable.I found this root from Peru called Maca.  The Red Maca is supposed to help with  menopause symptoms, end hot flashes, night sweats and mood swings.  It also gives you a boost of energy and mental clarity.  I already have thyroid issues and I need all the help I can get.I got this Red Maca powder on Amazon because it had the most and the best reviews.  After about a week I started feeling an energy boost after drinking it.  I felt better and mood swings calmed down.  In two weeks my husband started looking a LOT better!  One bonus is that is helps out in the bedroom too!!!  Ha ha!!!I've taken it every morning for the last 3 months and it has made me feel so much calmer.  Things don't ruffle me as much. I am a really anxious person but even that has calmed way way down.  I truthfully don't think I've ever been this chill.Last week I forgot to take it for a few days.  I woke up in the middle of the night with hot flashes.  I took it the next morning and the hot flashes went away.Just read the reviews and see what you think.  I use the powder but you might want to use the capsules.I like to mixOne Tablespoon of the Red Maca PowderOne almost Tablespoon of Cocoa PowderCinnamon to taste ( I love cinnamon so I use a lot)1 Banana1.5 cups of Almond MilkI hope it helps you as much as it has helped me
We been using it since 2016, the Germ Guardian GG1000 7” Pluggable Small Air Purifier  and it works!  We use it in the bathroom never had a problem with it.
They might have more Omega-3s but it's really hard to see any actual effect vs other pills.  These aren't quite as big as some but not as small as others.
It says to put in your favorite drink.  I was drinking generic diet soda, so I put a packet in.  It really didn't mix well at all.  There was actually a lump of it in the bottom of the cup.  So maybe they should be more specific on which drinks it can go into.
It looks like chicken or turkey gravy but when you put it in it is cold for a while, which can be nice.
They're pretty basic and work fine but there are a lot of them so it's a good deal.
This is OK but not great.  It says not to use your finger but it doesn't have an applicator so I guess you're supposed to use a tissue?  It burned a little when I first put it on.  Later when I had to wipe it felt a bit numb, so I guess the numbing property does work.  I don't really like it as much as some of the name brand ones I have.
Especially since my mom had a busted ankle recently this is good to help her get around a little better than the traditional walker without as much bulk as a wheelchair.
It's pretty big but otherwise fits well.  You need a filter with it but I had some big ones that fit better than what was included.
This is a decent mask as far as I can tell.  Once you put a filter in it's thick and it's pretty comfortable to wear.
Too big for any of my masks--and I have a lot of different ones.  It split into two parts too which I'm not sure if that's intentional or not.
This is pretty easy to use not that I've seen a big difference.
It fits my toilet well enough.  You just have to remember to push down the bottom for more room for the water and sitz stuff.
I don't really do smoothies or juice often but sprinkling some in coffee sweetens it a little and maybe it does something good, though I can't say for sure.
It works a little but not great.  It's mostly green tea, which I've used in the past.  There's some other stuff too but nothing revolutionary.
These are OK but not as good as promised.  These particular ones have kind of high arches and even though they're soft and squishy they don't really protect your feet that much if you're on them all day.  Of course as someone with diabetes my feet aren't all that great anyway so maybe for more normal people they help better.
So I found this product not to be that great, my hair got tangled in it many times and also it did not heat well enough to make nice curls, even after it was charged, so I return it
these are great we are still cleaning after the fires here in california and these are non toxic and work great to remove the soot and ash damage thanks so much!
Left a film on my mats and the scent was not pleasant. Just my observation and opinion.
Reading all these reviews and they look and read like the SAME reviewer....🤔 don't ya think? Strange .... so....be cautious.
So, this is not regular powdered horsetail like you would normally buy.  This is 7%, so that means they add extra extract, which is going to make this stronger and extremely bitter. Since I eat my herbs like food, I don't want this extra extract added to it - the taste is overwhelming and bitter.  Plus, it's not green.  Good, fresh, dried horsetail powder is supposed to be green.  This is also from China.  I normally get my powdered horsetail grass from Starwest Herbs, and it's organic and from Croatia and tastes wonderful and fresh.  This stuff...tastes gross, wrong color, not organic and from China.  I bought this because it was cheaper than the Starwest, so I thought I'd give it a try.  But totally not worth it - you get what you pay for.  I'm going back to the more expensive horsetail from Starwest which is exactly the way horsetail is supposed to look and taste.  I like BulkSupplements normally - for supplements and amino acids, vitamins, minerals and chemical-type stuff.  I highly recommend Bulk Supplements for vitamins and supplements their quality is good and the price is excellent.  For herbs, I would recommend Starwest or Frontier - definitely not BulkSupplements.
Add a couple of tablespoons to a cup of hot water, and add a tablespoon of butter and a tablespooon of MCT oil.  You'll be going like the energizer bunny on meth.  If that's what you want.Only thing is that it will turn your teeth brown.  Just to complete the speed-freak effect.Or you could just be a normal person and use a teaspoon like they say.  In which case, it'll just turn your teeth brown, without the energizing effects.For me, it really didn't do much, unless I used it at very high doses, and then it didn't feel that great, and the crash was not fun.  Love the deep, earthy, strong taste, though.  But you might not.  Most people that are used to lab-created tastes don't really like the taste of nature's medicines. So although overall, I'm not a big fan and will not buy it again, I really can't give less than 4 stars, because it does work.  Better than coffee, which just gives me a slight tummy ache and nervousness.  Better than that hideous 5 hour energy stuff, which makes me feel like I need to check myself into a mental ward (anxiety, shaky nerves, racing thoughts, verging on paranoia...yuck)So if you're looking for a new energy source, give guarana it a try.  Or just take up running.  That's what I did and I feel better than I ever did with any of these energy supplement, and I've tried them all, from all-natural, to lab-created chemicals.
It only removed a little bit, the newest dirt. I did it several times, followed instructions, left it several hours, and removed barely 20%. Mine was not even close as what they said, and it looks pretty bad still. The pink metal sponge (braso) did more in one scrub, that this in 7. I threw away the rack, and the rest. This is not worth it at all, a waste of $20.
This is SO easy to use and only takes a few minutes per batch. Very good quality colloidal silver produced. I highly recommend this silver generator.
Best product ever for cleaning shower doors.  It is simple to use & there are no spray fumes to inhale.  My clear shower doors remain clear for months after using Brite & Clean with just daily scrape downs using a squeegee.  I've been purchasing from my local True Value store, but am thrilled to see it's available on line.  I've gifted it to friends because it is that good.
So easy to dust furniture without long edges of a rag trailing behind. I love that my hand can grip curved edges and get each and every single bit of dust.
Yoders is the very best Apple Cider Vinegar. I take it in the morning, chase it with a beverage. It truly helps with digestion, shrinks the gut & keeps you all around healthier.
This product is sweetened but not flavored, so it just tastes like faintly salty (from the electrolytes) sugar water, but NOT watermelon, grape, orange, mixed fruit, etc. I doubt dogs would mind the sweetness added to their food, and cats do not taste sweet well, if at all. I have been using this to great effect with my picky eater elderly cat who has Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) with chronic diarrhea. I just add some of this to whatever he's having. (I firmly believe feeding him raw meatboneorgan has kept him alive, since his brother died of the same condition before I discovered raw feeding. I also add ground psyllium husk to help solidify his poop.) Anyway, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND for rehydrating sick or chronically dehydrated pets.
I have very small eyes, so I haven't been able to find an eyelash curler that works for me. I had very high hopes for this product. But, it doesn't curl my lashes at all. AND, the first time I used it, I used it too long and my eyes puffed up from the heat. I guess I actually burned my eye lid. It also says to use after applying mascara in the directions, but when I tried this, my mascara came off. Like I said, I really wanted this product to work for me, but it just didn't~
I needed something to keep my medication and vitamins in. This is the perfect size, and I can see through it to help me find what I am looking for. I do wish it had a strap on it instead of just a handle on the side, but it still works so well.  It is also much sturdier than it looks, as the plastic is thicker than most plastic bags.
No pinching and curls easily!
Well you don't even have to have arthritis to appreciate how easy this can opener is to use.  My 87 year old mum could not use the old can opener but has no problem using this one.  Extra blades are a nice addition too.
Product is as described and come with clear instructions on the back side of the packet.  This product is for one application and must be used as soon as it is opened.
Works better than the $60 scale it replaced.  it's very accurate.
Shipped without the spray head attachment. Product works great
good to add to my 1st aid kits
Love the product but my tin arrived in a dented box with no packaging inside. Lid of the tin was also dented. Disappointing. I want to take the vitamins so I didn't want to have to send it back and wait for a replacement.
Love this blend.  A word of caution, it is MUCH sweeter than sugar.  So you can't swap it 1 for 1.  But my 1lb bag lasts quite awhile.  As far as low glycemic sweeteners go, this is my favorite for baking and making iced teas.
Bought this for a sprained ankle because I am spoiled and refused to use crutches. Anyway, chose this scooter because it was on the low side for a "next day delivery" scooter on cost and there is a basket, and the basket is metal. There ya go. This scooter ticked all my boxes so I purchased. Very pleased. Delivery was truly next day and it worked very well. I'm sure I will be lending it out to family  as needed for many many years to come.
I bought several packages of these for a wedding luncheon. Handed them out to ladies attending the event - on our back lawn - to keep their shoes on the grass instead of sinking into the sod. Sizes are all same height: small is for very thin stiletto heels. Medium is for a standard high heel that is still slender and large is still for a slender high heel but for a slightly thicker size. Most ladies needed the medium size. All appreciated having these for the event.
I bought a package of two because I was trying to approximate the Facia Blaster (not available on amazon at this time) and hoped this would work just as well.  Probably would have been workable except for two things... the octopus top has a face and the nose part of the face is pokey when you're grabbing the top and trying to &#34;blast&#34; your facia with it.  Also I had only been working for about 5 minutes when the top of the first one unscrewed and when I tried to screw it back on again (these are two piece massagers that you screw the top handle part onto the bottom fingers part) it was stripped and would just spin in a circle and come off again.  Could'nt be secured in place.  If this were a solid single piece construction and a smooth knob for the top it would have been a GREAT option for facia blasting.  I think I'll just end up buying the actual facia blaster.UPDATE:  I had been giving up trying to approximate the facia blaster and was about to buy the product but I had been hearing from youtube reviews that it was taking a long time to arrive and I didn't want to stop efforts to blast while waiting waiting waiting.  I found a DIY facia blaster online and decided to make one and these little guys are just the ticket.  Hooray.  Here's a link to the DIY project tutorial:http:www.wellnessgeeky.comhomemade-fascia-blaster-alternative-diy
Love this brand and seem to feel better (digestion and energy) when taking this product.  My liver needed some help and I plan on ordering more when I run out.
no fragrance at all and they are tiny
Highly recommended!
I know there are more expensive, fancier and more touted moisturizers... yet this works for me.  Simply wonderful.  My hands and body love this stuff.  Also, much easier to use with the pump version.:)  I may refill if such a thing exists.
The temple width is about 5 38 inches.  So for people with large heads (like mine) rejoice.  I am tired of getting the Dollar Store readers so my hope is these will last much longer.  The spring temples are perfect.
 I'm so pleased to have this good looking, ergonomic, cordless spray mop. I have hardwood floor throughout of my house. Every time cleaning entire floor with my old cleaner is like a big pain to me. With this mop, cleaning becomes super easy and fast. You'll see how effective and easy it is to clean my floor with sprinkled flour by watching the video I took. In addition,the cleaning pads are machine washable.
Fits well and keeps me from losing my glasses all the time.
I commend the seller, Magickal Night the shipping was quick, and arrived earlier than anticipated. Likewise they very safely packaged the item, which is encouraging to purchase from them again!7 Sisters of New Orleans Glory Water is what it is, a mass manufactured spiritual product. 7 Sisters of course is one of the 4 or 5 other “brands” that IndioWisdom owns, which originally were small independent companies. Therefore there is a caveat to their item, e.g. formulas got standardized between brands (some things smell the same, but have different packaging). However, these “specialty” items aren’t as terrible as I’ve found, likely because if it’s a unique item, then there isn’t some cost effective equivalent to sell as a dupe. This may also be why Wisdom’s own website has listed Glory Water as out of stock for almost a year (if not more).The sent of Glory Water is nice, somewhat sweet and cologne-like. Unfortunately the scent easily dissipates when it’s sprinkled or dabbed on anything.Overall I’m not dissatisfied, and is a nice addition to my spiritual supplies collection.
I like the toothpaste no fluoride, it cleans and whitens however it has sodium benzoate
I started using this product back in november and it has only been a few months and the iron has stopped functioning. It does not get as hot as it did in the first couple months. It simple stays warm but not warm enough to iron your hair. Save your money and time and invest in an iron that may cost a little more but will last much longer. And the return window they provide is not long enough to test out whether or not the iron works. Very disappointed.
Works well with all smoking parts. Worth the extra $2 to get the cap holes for stems and bowls.
I typically drive 10-15 hours a day for work. I bought this cushion to help with the pains I was experiencing as a result of my work. Not only did this cushion do nothing to ease my discomfort, but it actually increased my discomfort into pain.Before using this cushion, I took 5 minute stretch breaks every 3-4 hours and I worked 12-15 hours. After using the cushion, I had to take a stretch break every hour and I could only sit for 8-10 hours of work a day.Seriously, I am super disappointed in this cushion. If I could give negative stars, I would. I contacted the company to let them know that I was displeased with this product, but they wouldn't refund me. Now I'm stuck with this overpriced, lint-magnet gel square that's good for nothing.
it was exactly what I ordered large enough to put all of my essential oil and more.lightweight and easy to store
Callous remover works well but epilator doesnt work.
Screwdrivers are what I was looking for. The nose cushions are EXCELLENT! Other stuff, I imagine, will be helpful on an as needed basis. Would purchase again.
Wife and daughter use and are pleased, what else can you ask for.
actually daughter loves it.
Slowly body parts are looking and doing better.
I recently discovered that if you use Bar Tenders Friend on your stove, let it site on the stains for about 5 minutes, the Mr. Clean erasers wipe away tough spots.  It takes me about 10 minutes to clean the stove top.  Using a paper towel or regular sponge, I would have to apply a lot of elbow grease and a good 20-30 minutes to clean it.
Perfect for those who are trying to quit!! Great flavor.
These saved my gallbladder- I took them until all symptoms cleared, had my gallbladder checked and I was stone free. THEN I had another baby and for some reason my gallbladder likes to make stones during this time. Didn’t have issues right after the birth but began having issues again and started up on these and had helped tremendously! Nothing else has worked like this for me! My naturopathic doctor got me turned on to these and I’m very grateful!
This product had noticeable positive results for me and seems to be a quality product at a realistic price. This is a product I will buy again.
Love this stuff, it tastes good and mixes nice and easy with water. Been sipping on it throughout the day, and drinking it in my workout water and post gym hydration.
The lamp directions show a screw to hold the lamp together but none was included so it falls apart.
Represent real Christmas tree even if I have  fake
I literally just got these in the mail today and have been wearing them for all of 37 minutes.  This review may not be in its final form.Since diving head first into my 40s, I've discovered arch support and foot comfort is everything. I bought these thinking I could wear them around the house in my Woolrich slippers.  So far, so good.I'm posting photos of how much I had to cut these down to fit. I added an arch support insert, then put these on top.  My feet aren't pushed and falling out of the slipper, but I can tell they're not quite as snug as they were before the modifications.I'll update this, if I remember, in the future.(Haflinger slippers are supposed to have the best slipper arch support, so I got a pair.  Meh. Not very high support. Would be good for people who don't need a lot. I think I'm going to enjoy these FrankenSlippers much better. Really, I wear Vionic around the house when it's not freezing cold outside.)
The foam is much easier to clean..!!
It is great for drying hands and certainly more hygenic.It is good for company to use also rather than guest towels. Just use themand dispose! Don't know what I did without it!
I like how this makes me feel , great stuff.
that the wipes are thick and not thin.
Got to my house faster than expected and is exactly what I wanted. I would reccommend it to anyone, thank you
I looked at a lot of canes prior to purchasing this one. The bells & whistles were a little over the top in the beginning but became quite functional, useful and helpful. There isn't a better cane out there for the price. My only wish would be to offset the handle to make it a little more comfortable over a long period of time.
good, saw results in about a week
Energizers are always a good choice.
I really liked it. I gave it to my family member for them when they buy their new home
Great Product, Great Company !
Wonderful way to store multiple brushes.  I wonder if they have a stand like this for DESE razors?
It’s an okay ice pack. Gets too hard once in freezer for more than a couple hours. Not my favorite.
If you want to stay healthy without vaccines the TF will do it.  I have taken it faithfully for years and would not be without it. People around me get the flu, get colds, get shingles, etc. while I stay well.  This supports the immune that God endowed us with.  Much less expensive than doctor bills.
This product is awful!  I’m a cheese lover but this product should NEVER have been a choice for anyone. Could I send it back or get my money back PLEASE?
At first I tried to resist buying a sound machine. We had an old broken radio tuned to static, but it kept getting electrical interference and making horrible buzzing sounds. So I finally bought the Dohm and don't regret it. I did notice though, since it moves air to make noise, it cooled our bedroom slightly. Great in summer, not so great in MN's cold winters.
Great buy for vaping use. I have used it for over a year now with no complaints.
I am a fairly regular Soylent user (the bottled 2.0 liquid).  This is the previous version, the dry &#34;you mix it, just-add-water&#34; version.It's not bad provided your expectations are set beforehand.Even after copious shaking in the bottle, there is a slight grittiness and texture that is nearly non-existent in the 2.0 pre-mixed.  The flavor is different as well.  The bottled 2.0 reminds me of the leftover milk after eating a bowl of Cheerios.  This (v 1.8 dry mix), the flavor is more akin to pancake batter.  Which is fine, as long as you know that going in, and don't find the taste of pancake batter unappealing.All in all, I prefer the taste and convenience of the 2.0 but can picture taking this on hiking treks where you are pumping water from a stream along the way and don't want to carry the weight.  It should also store longer, seeing as how it is a dry mix.  Great for putting away with your emergency supplies I would think.
This product absolutely DESTROYED my sensitive areas, I can’t believe this product is marketed for babies, I’d never EVER put a baby through what this did to me. Chemical burns, completely destroyed me, almost went to the ER. DO NOT BUY.
I have used this product for years as a supplement to my diet and my active lifestyle.  Unfortunately, it is not vegan so I had to stop using it.  If your are not vegan I suggest you try Fruitein before other similar products.
From what I have heard described about other rolling machines of this type, they break easily.  This one, which is made of hemp plastic, I am sure, will last a very long time, and it's very easy to use.Love it!
awesome for my homemade deodorant, easy to push up and convenient.
It is way too gentle.  I ordered this massager for muscle releif, not gentle personal pleasure.  I gave it tow stars because it was not broken or not working at all.
Excellent product, give me a great workout, have no regrets
I used this when I had walking pneumonia. I was still sick for 2 months while using this. Maybe it works better as a preventative instead of after you are sick.
This lash curler has  teeth  along the silicon. They seem to help with after mascara lashes. It separates them and gives a more natural look. Really affordable and does the work. Comes with multiple replacement which is appreciated.
I heard of sea moss awhile ago and been searching for them in supermarket but no luck at all. Therefore I turned to amazon and surprisingly this particular brand has many 5 star reviews so I went ahead and bought this.It look genuine and promising from the packaging. Upon opening the bag, I found bits and pieces of things that were confusing at first. That was only a tiny bit of the sea moss I took out from the bag.I did a little research and read all of the question and answers on the amazon page regarding this product. The seller mentioned that this sea moss originate from Indonesia (previous edited from Philippines)The colorful threads and strings are plastic. It is not surprising at all if these sea moss were farmed near textile factories. These very thin plastic threads are made from melting of plastic and making them into fine threads and then into clothing. The finer transparent plastic threads clings to the sea moss for their life. It is almost impossible to get rid of every single piece. You will see what I mean if you soak it.Also on the packaging ITSELF located on the back states ****** &#34;CAL PROP 65 WARNING&#34;. This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.*****This indication is NOT pointing to sea moss causing cancer BUT The substance that is in the sea moss that comes from waste and heavily polluted areas. I have am pointing out what is clearly stated. I LOVE sea moss but this particular brand contains dangerous chemicals that causes cancer. It horrifies me even further because Indonesia is no where near safe from the FUKUSHIMA spill. All of the area of the Pacific ocean contain high level of radiation due to the spill. Sea plants are highly sensitive and will absorb these radiation. That's why sea food from the Pacific ocean are much cheaper compare to the Atlantic.As always do your research and watch out! Better safe than sorry!
Keeps the bladder and kidneys working.
So glad to have found this supplement in a large quantity at a low price! It is the exact same supplement I was getting at my drug store at a much higher price!
Great product!
Love these little drops.  the taste is delightful and they work when I have occasional "gas".
This stuff tastes great and gives you a little energy boost
This weekend I had 4 sheep sheared with this unit. It worked out very well! Since the sheep had not been sheared for over two years, this unit really cut through the wool nicely. We would take a break periodically to allow the unit to cool down, but it got the job done nicely! I got the unit from ebay for 53 dollars, and I am very pleased as to how well it worked.
Doesn't matter how I feel, because its good for you...Alittle bitter but hey...Not everything good for you will be how you want it.
Great I will purchase again.
Love these containers!!Will buy them again for sure!!
Gave my car the best shine it ever had. As far as getting it off, since I hand wax my car I only leave a thin layer on each section for about 2 minutes and then I remove it.
Product was received on time and in great condition. I’m a satisfied customer. MLS
Great kit for the price!
Bought them for my grandma ( a non mobile senior).  They are too small to put them in the bes before going to sleep. I saw reviews that they work but now I'm looking for a bigger size
I got it for my mother in law and my self. We loved it because it's long and our sleeves don't get wet and it's comfortable.
Its really good i am using every day good for health
its really good
I’m allergic to the adhesive on medical tape....except this one. Its gentle on my skin (  my surgery was on my face) and this not only held all day, I never got a rash or ever felt uncomfortable after hours of having it on my wound.
Great for cake pops
It wasn't difficult to install works perfectly fine
No side effects. Not too large and a fairly neutral taste. High quality ingredients for added nutritional insurance to a person's diet.
I found it to be useless for me. I have a cracked tooth. And the bristles on the toothbrush wasn't hard enough for me.
Super cute and great material. My son is 2 and wiling to wear it so must be comfortable
First, let me start off by saying I did not have this for more than a night. I returned it quite quickly. It smelled quite toxic, which possibly could of faded with time, but I was not interested in waiting for that. On top of this, I just wasn't comfortable for me to sit on. It's quite firm, and it raises you a bit more extensively off of whatever youre sitting on than I thought. Just not for me, plus it's rather expensive.
I bought this for my teenage daughter and she says it worked out very well for her hair. Her hair is curly and wavy but the drying works really well and she is able to style her hair accordingly. There are three different measures of heat and she finds the medium and high features to work best for her. Overall,  Great purchase so far.
These work great!
Overall like a lit. Would like it to be bit larger but is accurately portrayed. Seems like should hold up well.
Good stuff. Order many times & feel that it has helped my hair grow!
Maybe for small bust but not for full size. Tape came off not sturdy durable and not wide enough.... just a big roll of band-aid tape.
Every thing great
Great fit and Great price and fast delivery
Came in as advertised
I was very honored that I found that item. On my first child, I was not sure what should i do with her nose. She is crying I was so nervous. But my 2nd child I found that item. It is a lifesaver. It works quickly you need only a few seconds to sock your baby nose. I will highly recommend
Works best on clean glasses. Slick packaging.
every thing i needed
Is not working for me. I use too and I am steel with fog in my lents.
You can not beat the price for the amount of hydrated water you get!  You can buy at the grocery store and by the time you add up the amount you pay, you will save so much by buying this and making your own hydrated water!  Not to mention its delivered right to you with Amazon and no need to go to the store. So glad I purchased! Will be buying again for sure.
only one instead of 4 to a pack which is way too high for 1
Best straightner EVER. But harsh on hair. gets hot fast cold fast and lasts a long time.
It's amazing. U blow smoke in and none comes out without any odor. It's great! Works how it's supposed to!
Useless horrible desirves a negative star.
This my second brush I purchased but this brush takes too long to heat up and I had the temp on 450
Its awesome. I gave one pair to my husband he like it an relax and enjoin...
Good but dont know why you cannot ingest.
It is what a expected. Scent isn’t very strong but it coats well and does the job. Keep it in plastic bag so it doesn’t  dry out. Glad to not be buying plastic throw always. Will buy again but waiting to see how long this will last so far good over a few weeks.
Have not used that much and went to use it today and it gave an error which I think is associated with the band not inflating.
Didn't helped.  I donate it.
Does it work? Probably notDid it have some placebo effect? Maybe a littleWould I buy it again? Definitely notThanks for coming to my TED talk
I highly recommend this walk Air purifier works extremely well specially if you have a small room
I thought these would be perfect for selecting my favorite sneakers and playing golf in them. You have to be careful what sneakers you use for this and anything with air bladders is NOT recommended due to puncturing and also your sneakers are design for a sure footed response with their current soles so when you add these cleats they can be very uncomfortable on your feet when the ground is hard and dry. Not so bad when it’s wet and soft. Overall. I lost more Than I would have liked and so I have to give these a clear thumbs down
I’ve bought others but this one fits hand better when applying vs those that feel like they are size of baseball mitt
These are very convenient, and good products.
The herbal infusion’s strength killed any odor on the pad. Also, the remedy gave a cooling sensation. I would love to exclusively use this brand.
Leave this product in your shower. While the water is still running pour the oil onto your body and rub it in! Also pour some oil under your running bath water! This is my absolute go to oil!
I make my own DIY yoni steam blend and this herb was the icing on the cake!
Have you ever been in a public restroom where they've run out of soap?  For some of us this is a nightmare, and this little  item is an answer to our prayers!  They are very convenient to have in your purse and one sheet is all it takes to get your hands nice and clean.
Super cute and be warned that these are a bit time consuming to put together but well worth the time!
it takes at least two wipes to completely clean my glasses of smudges. worse, the wipes smell like Liz Taylor White Diamonds, so strongly that you can taste it. I cleaned my glasses, washed my hands, and left my apartment, and I could still smell the fragrance lingering while I was walking down the street. these will not be a repeat purchase.
the motor isn't very strong, but honestly it doesn't need to be. do NOT use the sandpapery attachment on your face, you should never exfoliate with anything that rough. great value for the price.
Love this...get one!
The space is great, but it’s small enough to fit in the small pocket of my purse! The design is gorgeous and exactly as shown. Exceeds my expectations!
It hardly collects any lint.
It was exactly as it described. Thank you
They are filling
I seriously don't think these items travel well! The scale is inaccurate and changes every single time you step on. Some days I weigh 60 and other days I weigh 150. Returning this item
Everyone needs to buy this!! It feels fantastic! Like a massage at home. Totally recommend!!! Also came with a little wood comb.
I chose these cases because of the way they look and having the tools with them in the case, therefore I could see my contacts through the top. To my surprise the cases are NOT LEAK PROOF!!
I am one of those people who wears my shoes without socks a lot of times, so needless to say, my shoes get a little stinky. I just spray this into them before I put them on, then spray again after I take them off, and this stuff really helps the shoes to not get that sour foot smell. The only thing I dislike is that the scent is REALLY strong, so I have to take it out into the garage to use it, otherwise it makes my closet smell!
I use Readers and they are always smudged. Nice and Clean are the only wipes that will clean my glasses fast and easy without leaving a greasy mess. Just wipe and their clean.
Good Product. works wonders for my daughter's uniform for work.
It’s  best to have extra magnetic clips for your CPAP straps. Good buy!
The scent is initially very strong but as you put it in the drawers it decreases to a goo scent. I love the lavender smell so this is the product for me. If you do not like lavender do not buy.
Good product
I love these but Tge are delicious… the price is too high here I can buy them at CVS for 14 the price
Hemp goodness!
Did not leak great purchase for what I needed
Works amazing on my Pandora jewelry but the cleaner does smell like eggs. As long as u rinse off the jewelry after using the cleaner, the smell goes away and they look amazing
These are amazing. I use them to drive through the Canyons. And they are extremely helpful they also help you to stay calm and not get anxiety because you can't see the oncoming cars with their bright lights I recommend these to anybody especially truck drivers or anybody who has to work during the night
The fit works, very snug. Not as much force, it’s a slight notice of power as the “brand name” replacement heads but just as good for the price.
I was so happy to see something pretty for an 80 year old birthday party.  These were reasonably priced, very soft and quick shipping.  Definitely use them again.
One broke after about two weeks; I will see how the next one lasts.
This is a good product. It seems to provide good protection.
Was two weeks from expiring.
Excellent quick roller!  Load paper and tobacco, lick, close and poof!  Magic!
Great stuff!
Remote worked great
The first one that I received was completely DOA.Would not work At All, so I requested Amazon to send me a replacement.They very kindly did so and upon receiving the second unit.... More disappointment.After adding brand new batteries, it would not turn on. I fidgeted around with the lid until it finally was able to make good contact and turn on.But the blades spin SO Slow that it barely cuts any hair at all. It more like pulls your nose hairs *OUCH*And worse still, the metal head gets hot pretty quick which makes using it extremely uncomfortable.It is sadly, the worst trimmer I've every tried. Please look for a better option and save yourselves the hassle.
This product is a life saver for my Dad! No spills and no more risk of falling in the middle of the night when he wakes up to urinate.
No problems with the order.  It was shipped quickly.
I like it but too long squeeze pump inflate.  I had injury my neck and spine. I feel like support sort of some my neck helps inflate.
Looks exactly how it’s pictured.A little pricey but it’s nice!
I purchased wrong size but item was good.
I used these before I gave birth to collect colostrum and take with to the hospital. They worked great and did fine holding up in the freezer. You can really put a date on them, though, so that part was a little frustrating. Tape didn’t stick and you can’t write on them.
Very easy to mix into a shake or just water.  I usually mix mine into my morning glass of water.  Definitely noticed increased hydration.
Great curling iron
They were the Perfect Christmas Gift for my Mom!She loved them! The Fit was great for her skinny chicken legs.  Quality was good and as expected.
i really like them compared to other mask including the ones I made!
Great cheap droppers love these things
Too big still for my 11 year old. Need to make these in even smaller sizes.
Not what I expected. Lining too light for me. Maybe for a jogger its fine, but offers no no protection.
Really hard to use. Even can’t install for Benz cars
Very cute. Not amazing quality in stitching of masks and smelled funky when they arrived. Smell went away after washing.
The product is awesome but the sellers sometimes cut the fabric into multiple pieces giving you a small cloth to use be careful.
They are just a little bit too small
Case Is well made and safely stores heady glassware at a bargain price.
Love this bag for the beach
Awesome! It's just what I was looking for and it really works relaxing my muscles.
This product is very quiet you don't know it's on. The price was right with the $30.00 coupon. It also has a 2 year warranty that you have to register before 30 days after purchase
I can’t give an honest opinion because my doctor prescribed a larger dosage than the OTC brands.
Easy to use. Makes oiling my scalp take only half the time it used to. I love how it’s sealed up so you can make the hole as big or small as you like. It is nice and big so I can make a large batch of my personal oil mixture and not worry about it for a while. I have saved a lot of product by being able to put it exactly where I want and not havwing it go everywhere unnecessarily
Cleans very well and doesn't leave a sticky residue. I ordered the rose scent and it's lovely - not too powdery or musky. The company also followed up with instructions on how to use the spray. Will definitely repurchase and recommend this product.
Good for reading when outdoors. Cute but not high end. The lenses are not very smooth and slightly uncomfortable on the skin
Nice unit but you can only set both leads to the same strength.  So if you have them in different locations they are still the same strength on both lines
Awesome & cheaper than almost all other & just as good!
Works great!
By far, out of SO many masks I’ve purchased, the best mask ever. I don’t have an exceptionally large face but most others, aside from the paper masks, leaves my double chin (!) so obvious. This tucks under, goes high, has the metal piece for the bridge of the nose and allows you to unfold as much or little as you want. Expensive but so worth it!
Kind of difficult if you have thicker hair like I do. Personally, I still prefer my round bun maker. Thin hair may be able to use this with little to no difficulty.
I love that they won’t able to slide off my glasses!!!
Good for pain
Product does what it is suppose to do, however, for some reason I kept thinking it was made from silicon. Not a huge deal, just though that.
Awesome earplugs. Worked amazingly at a heavy metal show, where I had to be next to speakers in order to film the event. Gave me the ability to communicate with another videographer, while also being able to hear the music and crowd I was shooting.
I got this set about a week ago and my kid's eyes lit up when they saw them.  The enjoy playing with them a lot.  Spikes on the balls are not sharp but give good sensory feeling.  The ball is light, squishy and bouncy and the rings are more heavy sturdy built but still have some flexibility to it.  I kept one set for myself to keep at my work desk (to squish & smash) when I'm thinking or dealing with some stress.  My box came with the 3 balls and 3 rings all in the same 3 colors: Green, Pink, and Blue.  The box does show Orange and Yellow options so not sure if those are random or what but what I got matches the pics in the listing.  When I first opened, the new 'plastic' smell was strong but a week later, the smell has faded away and not a problem.  Overall, good quality and very useful.  I can see these being used and lasting a long time.
I love the container and how each set is individually wrapped. They work well and are easy to use. I like the fact that there is a pair that is waterproof and moldable.
We've only used it for an hour or so but it seems to work well.  I really like the added hotice packs and think they are a great addition.+ Easy to put on and adjust.+ It has a little pocket on the inside to hold your pack of choice.+ Heavy duty fabric
High quality and super nice feel! Works perfectly
I have very oily skin, and had to wash my cushion daily and change it monthly or it wouldn't seal. I thought I would try these to see if they would help. So far they are working well, there is a bit of air leakage and I have to have the straps tighter, but there is none of the annoying noise associated with the leakage. I also haven't had the skin irritation I sometimes get with the silicone cushions. They seem like a less expensive alternative to changing my expensive cushions. My only criticism is that they are not custom made to a particular mask, and that the opening must be hand cut. It would be nice if they would custom make them to fit the popular masks.
great buy! perfect size for a variety of uses. the included earplugs are nice too
How these inserts could offer anything resembling comfort or support is beyond me. Basically you're getting just a small bit of foot shaped foam with some slightly raised oblong modeling on the surface.Paid half price with a discount code...that's still way too much.
Great quality case that snaps shut with a magnet. Plenty of room for standard glasses. Lots of headroom.Interior Cavity Measures 6&#34; x 3&#34; by  1-34&#34;.Gonna buy another one.
Bought this after seeing the mattress on a youtube commercial.Was sitting on a rock hard office chair, so instead of spending a fortune on a whole new chair, I bought this!Man, is it comfy! My poor butt and tailbone are thanking my brain for the purchase of this seat cushion ^_^Now i REALLY wanna buy the mattress, especially after my friend bought one and i test it out. Soooo comfortable!
Total waste of money.  Does not work at all.
These glasses are great overall with one painful exception; the nose pads.  The pads themselves are the thinnest I've ever seen on glasses and provide very little cushioning.  To add to this flaw, the pad arms aren't able to support even the weight of the glasses and are always bending.  When the arms and pads are properly positioned, which is rare, these glasses feel uncomfortable on your nose.  They are always bending, though, and literally become little daggers cutting into the bridge of your nose.
This came in handy for our last camping trip. I love it! The scent is not too overpowering and it keeps the sun and bugs OUT! I wish this came in a larger size.
Very sturdy, great price. Everyone at the wedding was jealous, as they were all sinking in the mud
hehehehe good size for my needs
Nice and comfy.  Definitely serves the purpose well.
I have used this product for 20 years and it's awesome.  It's great for the "just got out of bed" look and the sexy "I didn't do anything to my hair to get it to look this cool" look.  And as I aged and my hair got thinner, the Tancho stick gave me the appearance of fuller, thicker hair.  It's one of the strongest hair waxes I've ever found.  The only thing I would change about this product is to have it without the lavender scent.  People have come to associate this smell with me and I no longer smell it.  However, if I had the choice I would rather not smell like anything.
Works well but I don't get why they are using glass which breaks easily and is dangerous especially when u consider that most of us will stand on it barefootedweigh ourselves naked etc. Surely luciteacrylic would make more sense..
I saw and bought this product at Vitamin Shoppe because it had 5 ATP, Royal Jelly and several other really good ingredients. I've taken Nootropics by a very reputable company, but they changed their formula and it's not as good as it was before.I took one pill before lunch to see what type off effect it would have on me. It didn't seem to have any kind of effect on me so I felt confident in taking the 2 tablets as prescribed before breakfast with 8oz of water. I didn't notice any improvement on my focus, but I didn't get my 4pm slump. Instead I got a SEVERE, debilitating headache. I made sure I was hydrating really well. By 6 and 7pm my muscles in my entire body began to ache especially around my mid back and I got ringing in my ears. I'be Ringing in the ears usually means something with the kidneys.  I went to bed and continued to drink lots of water and tried to get some sea salt in me to keep my electrolytes in balance.The following day after 13 hours of sleep (I usually get 5) I woke up without the headache and almost all of the pain in the back had subsided except between my shoulder blades. I felt very light headed so I made sure to continue to hydrate and eat well. Had I felt the way I did I took the two tablets I would have gone to the hospital. I don't go to the hospitals. I was that sick from this.There's a LOT of ingredients in this supplement. Proceed with caution. The risks definitely outweighed any possible benefit. I'm a SUPER healthy person so I can't imagine what might happen to someone who is not in as great of shape as I am.
would not buy again. very small and too hard to use
Adjustable tension is lovely! very sharp and easy to control.case included doesn't quite fit scissors.
I purchased this product because I live off of a busy street and need something to drown out the noise while I am trying to sleep.The Dohm does the job however I can still hear a car every once and a while, but it isn't too bad.  You can easily adjust the volume a fair amount by just turning the housing.  (one note about the noise though, despite the claim of white noise being unnoticeable I do find myself having to turn it off if i want quiet)The biggest downside I have found is the machine is always warm to the touch when it is running.  Just a random side note.
Greater magnification, but shorter depth of field. Wouldn't work for my computer use so I returned them.
I can't complain about the product or the amount of time it took to get the items.  The only thing that was a little concerning was how easily the protective seal came off the top of the bottle when I opened it.  It was sealed, but I suspect it was the glue used at the time of manufacturing.  Other than that, the item was as described and delivered promptly.  The price was also reasonable.  I would buy from this seller again.
Cost effective. Can't tell if they are better or the same.
Thing has worked good for me. Don't need to use one just wanted to test it. It works for me.
I did not attend my expectations.  It did not make my feet smooth at all.  The motor sounds very cheap.  I'm in the process of returning this product.
Have a 35 lb dog that loves chewing.  He struggled with the large chewing part and so settled on the foot pads and chewed them off, leaving the rest.  Seemed a bit difficult for him to get a good chomp on.  Otherwise, he was very interested in trying to tear the thing apart.
I purchased this as a gift for someone who uses other Fitbit products and he loved it!  It works well and was easy to setup.Edit - A Year LaterAfter using this scale daily for the past year, I'd still give it five stars.  Overall, it's a great product - easy to setup and very easy to use.  It tracks my weight and body fat without me having to do anything.  If you and whomever else is using the scale has different body weights, it will automatically save your information to your profile without needing to ask who is utilizing the scale - pretty cool.  If weights are closesimilar, it will show its best guess on the screen and if it's wrong, you just tap the scale with your foot and it switches to the other person.I would definitely recommend this to anyone.  It makes a great gift for anyone but be sure to buy yourself one first!
Ever since a young age, I've been diagnosed with Erectile Disfunction (ED). I will often lay in my bed for hours, stroking my penis, begging my body for an erection. My wife, who married me when my penis was stronger than a mule horse, would quietly remain unsatisfied for weeks, months, and at times, years. One day, as I browsed Amazon, I found the cure to my problems. After adding this pound of muscle to my penis, I can more than satisfy my wife; I can literally impale her.I remember days when I would sit in a tree in my backyard and peer into the bedroom of my neighbor, a black man with a very respectable penis, who would plough his wife until she screamed the names of religions that did not exist yet. Now, it is he who stares at my crotch, lost in awe at what lies within.
Soooooo Comfey and what we needed for stadium seating on wood seats. We ordered four and four happy people.
Doesn't seem to work as good as my old one (doesn't get hot enough), but it's ok until I find a better one.
Great taste
Seriously, be careful this gets very hot you could burn yourself, you don't have to have it all the way up to 410 to produce curls, just be careful!!...all in all it is a great curling iron brush!! It not only makes curls but gives your hair a lot of body!! I love it!!
After riding my bike, I will drink an entire bottle to replenish electrolytes. It tastes good, especially when chilled. I highly recommend this product
This glasses strap stays on the glasses even with thin ear pieces.  I would order it again.
All empty capsules are not equal.  These are far superior to other ones that I've had as these close perfectly every time coming out of a 100 capsule filling machine.  I've yet to have one fall apart and dump powder everywhere as I have had with other capsules.
I've been a reishi mushroom powder user now for over a year, though this is my first time with this particular name brand.  Reishi is known for its anti-cancer fighting ability, helps reduce body inflammation and pain, allows for less sticky red blood cells and plaque and helps to cut down the risk for atherosclerosis.  In short, it is a bit of a wonder drug and I've seen people go on it and have serious positive changes in their health within a matter of months.  Most of those changes have been related directly to inflammation or cardiac issues.So the question then becomes, is this good brand of Reishi?  To that I'd say yes.  Reishi can sometimes seem a bit musty and old [as if mushrooms would taste any different, right?]  But this in fact is a good product.  There is no mustiness and the powder is sweet [in an earthy way, not a sugary way], and it just smells and tastes fresh.  The packaging is solid and thick, thus limiting the exposure to air after packaging.Now for dosages, because this is the other thing that everyone wants to know but so many people forget.  Personally, I aim for a level tsp per day, either mixed in with a green smoothie or my coffee.  When using it in the coffee, I'll also add some coconut oil or MCT oil for a super charge that keeps me mellow during the day.  My wife on the other hand, keeps her dosage to about a half tsp per day and has about the same effects.This is a great product and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to improve their health.
This is great Maca!  Super digestion as it is gelatinized and I noticed significant improvements in hormonal values and energy within a couple of days.  I've also added this to my wife's smoothie protocol as well and her fibromyalgia has significantly reduced.  Quite accidentally, I ended up leaving the stuff behind when taking a trip and within a couple of days all of the effects started to disappear.  Got right back on it when I got home.On the flip side, I purchased this stuff at $21  just 3 months ago and now its over $31.  Not happy about that.  However, I do note that they give you discounts on shipping if you order more than one, so there's that.
Good quality for the price
Very soft and comfortable socks
Great, exactly what I was looking for
Highly recommend!
Finally I found a great heating pad. This one has 6 heat settings and normally you would have to use the highest but not on this pad. Also the size is excellent. I have been looking for one like this forever. My neighbor is going to order one now as well. Thank you very much.
If your an active person this cover tape is what you may be looking for, tape provides for a secure attachment of your sensor.
I got this curling wand on clearance at TJ Maxx and it was a great purchase! I was skeptical of how easy this wand would be to use because I'd only ever used a curling iron with a clamp. If you have never used a curling wand before, watch some YouTube tutorials first. I have shoulder length hair and it took about 15 minutes to curl it all the first time. I like the result of this curling wand better than using a curling iron because the waves are more consistent and there are no clamp lines like there would be with a regular curling iron. My waves lasted all day and I slept on them and even woke up with waves!
they arrived as I expected - good quality
Doesn’t really clean anything..
Must be mixed with something to mask the taste. Organic maple syrup and oat milk and cinnamon mixed with Neem Powder is how I drink it.
The rolls are tiny, the paper a bit harsh, but it does the job.
It's cute and and &#34;blingy&#34;; it looks somewhat cheap, but when in my hair it still looks good.
Very convenient.  Love the bumps on the bottom of the bucket.
doesn't work all the time
Meh. It's a weird applicator to use for makeup. The way that is is cleanable is great for reducing the spread of bacteria, but the way it applies your makeup is kind of odd and patchy and dry. Not sure if I would purchase it again.
I think it's working.  My joints feel better and are not painful.  I am also taking other products for joint support as well.  I know.  I know.  Bad DOE (Design of Experiment).
These are wonderful adhesive dots, nice  and thin while strong at the same time.  I love them so much I bought 4 more boxes.
Received items in crushed box, all tissue boxes inside crushed. Still usable, too much trouble to return. VERY DISAPPOINTED in packaging.
My son loves it! Good taste!!!
I have had the same bulky blow dryer given to me by my MIL for years now. It did it’s job for the most part, but it was nothing special.  It was time to replace it, and I wanted something lighter (I injured my shoulder) because my old one was causing major fatigue with how heavy it was and how long it took my hair to dry. This one is significantly lighter, and I never realized what a difference a diffuser makes! I can get the volume I like, without all the products I was having to use before!Be aware, as much as I love this dryer compared to my old one, it is not without it's flaws; the major one being ... If used on the highest setting, it IS hot (almost too hot) and after 3-5 minutes of straight use (on high) it pops the fuse nearly every time. It has a built in surge protector on the plug; and I have it plugged into another surge protector, and one of them always seems to pop with "prolonged" use. It still functions much better than my old one, so it's not a deal breaker for me thankfully.Is it still an
I do not know if these work as described. There was an offer for a free bottle with review, which made me not trust any of the reviews and hesitant to try it. I returned.
Been using these for all three of my kids for months now. Definitely recommend, great product and super fast shipping.
It was great
Would to have a lower strength, 1.75-2.00..
Good probiotic but too expensive for what it does in my opinion.
Great bib for a messy eater!
These clippers are sold under various brand names but have one thing in common-they do the job. Regular clippers that are of the same design always used to scare me because for what ever reason they were too imprecise and often ended up cutting into the nail's quick and frankly made me avoid clipping my nails until they were past due. Eventually I gave up using clippers and just used the scissors in my Swiss Army knife which lead to imprecise cuts that needed filing to look acceptable but at least they didn't draw blood.  Thick solid build that made me realize just how cheaply regular clippers were stamped out. The cutting edges are precisely machined and in the 8 years I have owned them there is no perceived dulling of the cutting edges.  The product should last a life time  A lot of time I have just held them and admired how precisely they were built and how attractive the results were. I own both sizes(toenaillarge and fingernailsmall) and find the small size hard to to get a firm grip on,I would recommend caution about  the small size regardless of your finger size and opt for the large regardless for both toe and fingernails. The only thing approaching second rate is the brand name decal stuck in the indentation, the clippers themselves should have Green Bell stamped on back. They sold as Seki Edge but are the same Green Bell clippers.
This is the easiest to swallow CoQ that I have.  I even prefer it to the gummies which are gag awful.
Work fine.  Comfortable and a good size.  My only problem is getting them symmetrically placed.
Been using it for  years as part of my supplements regimen.  Never felt better!
No vitamins what so ever!  Must of read somewhere that it was the best bang for your buck though!
I'm incredibly disappointed in this product. After 2 weeks of using this diffuser its already brokendoesn't work. I'll add the water and essential oil and after 2 minutes of being on it turns itself off. I've tried plugging it into different outlets and selecting different settings and it still does not work.
I love the color! There is NO smell which surprises me because most of the other natural nail polishes I have tried do have smell. The only thing I don't like is how fast it Chips. It doesn't really stick to the nail. Maybe if I get a great base coat it will stay better.
I hung them up at my friends surprise party as decorations and they were super cute! Very decently priced so I was very happy with my purchase!
I got this for my father who is advanced in age. His feet ache continuously. Blue Emu is the first foot salve that gave him relief. He loves this stuff.
My mom love it been using for 30yrs
Cheeper than the MLM , .I use now an then .Whan I was taking every day , my hair got very dark .
The order came on time undamaged and I am pleased I ordered this product.I never thought being to acidic would cause many health issues,now I can keep myself in check daily,or whenever I want.I plan to order from this company for giving this product as x-mas gifts to people in my circle.
Have used it every morning, not sure that I have noticed a difference in myself from taking it.  The taste is bitter but not bad. I may switch to a powder form that is incorporated into a product that contains other similar super foods.
Very good product that helps reduce symptoms when it's impossible to avoid all high histamine foods every day. I appreciate being able to get two bottles at a time bc sometimes I need more than 1 bottle a month. Sometimes you need two caps a day, not just one.
It works....it's expensive ...but I'd buy again.
Excellent Product - I feel the benefits.
I liked the unit but after very little use one of the wheels got all wobbly because the bearings fell apart. I returned the unit for a refund.
Skin is smoother and contains more moisture. Luster of the skin has increased and see a surge in energy
Did nothing for me, Made me hungry after taking it.
Extremely hard material that hurt my skin. Sent it back!
Get ready to progressgag. This stuff is rancid but effective af. Kid you not though, it's inedible. I put a shot of water in it and just throw it back and chase it with a spoonful of peanut butter. The price of beauty....
Its one thing for it to taste bad, but it offers no health advantage either. Ive been using green supplements for 20 years and they usually make you feel great. Not the case with this.
Too bulky to be woren as a necklace. I thought the stones were going to be small and suitable to be worn on the neck, they are too heavy on the neck. Btw, I am 6ft tall and muscular.
Hardly use it.  Not that great of a product.
Great Bottles!
It works for me. I only take it when my stomach is upset. It smells like cinnamon.
Work great. Very useful.
I am very happy with the small size of these capsules. The extra fruit and veggies added into my day to day is fantastic. I was nervous they would be too big especially since these capsules always float and mess with my headability to swallow pills but they really are great.
We finally got it to work after charging twice but it was a major let down.
Everyone loves it! I got it for my son's wheelchair, everyone sees it and want to try it. They all love it.Grateful, to get this one. Insurance is taking forever to get a new cushion. This is very nice and affordable.
They run small. Son is thin and wears a size 9.5 shoe. These are tight on him. If you are a bigger person they may be uncomfortabletight.
Returned for a shorter half roll. This was not the right roller.
I am very happy with this product. I hate taking bulky vitamins and trying to remember how many to take. This is a convienent and easy fit in my fast paced lifestyle. It has no flavor and is a very fine powder. This makes it easy to add to shakes, yogurt, or oatmeal. The only thing I didn't like was the resealable bag it came in, because it doesn't close well. I just ended up putting the product in another container.  This has been the best way for me to add these essential nutrients to my diet. Thank you!
Great for child's Birthday
This product actually works.. I don't have back issues, I am 130lbs and I do commercial construction. I use to come home, most of the nights with an achy back, working plus wearing a tool belt, with this product I haven't had an achy back besides when I don't wear this product and it's also half way decent. It's a bit bulky but to save the lower back it's worth the sweat
Love the phiten single braid necklace. Suites me much better than the tornadoes. Infeelma difference in my healing and sleeping
Came leaky
Good value for your money! I have reactions to some contact solution but this works well for me. I use optifree as well.
Obviously you get what you pay for. Came in a timely manner but I put the batteries in the tool and switched it off. It did not go off it just kept spinning. I had to take the batteries out of it to stop it. I only used it once and it never worked for me again
So far it is the best quality on the market for such affordable price! I have combination, acne-prone skin and this has been a wonderful addition to my skincare routine! I use it twice a day, once in the evening when I shower. Also make sure you use the sponge everyday and keep it kind of wet so it will not dry and will last much longer! I simply love it! It has really made a difference in helping clear up my skin and keep it clear. I love that it exfoliates without being harsh, and I love that the sponge itself lasts for so long! I've had mine for almost 2 weeks now, and I will probably replace in a month or so. I highly recommend giving this a try, it has really helped me!
Good product, love that it's clean, but does not dissolve as well as other brands of peptides I have tried. Their BCAA's are awesome though!
the packaging was different than what is pictured but I really like the fragrance and the way it lathers - I would love to see it packaged in a glass jar - more for the aesthetic look
Not as good as some of the others.
Perfect for variety of holiday gifts.
I use this Soylent powder daily in my morning shakes. The packets were handy when I needed to travek.
Exactly as expected! Each letter comes with two small hole punches for extra sturdiness and the string to wind through to create the banner. All letters were present and the quality of the glitter card stock was good. Excellent value for the price. Shipped in packaging that kept the letters from bending.
These bars are amazing - low sugar - high protein - probiotics! Make you so full - sometimes I can't get through whole bar. Kids love this flavor too. Like this one better than almond one. Hard to find in stores - wish they sold them more places. Please carry through Whole Foods!
I grabbed a pack of water bottles and a gallon of this stuff. I diluted it to 1:1 or 50% in the bottle.Half water half degreaser solution.I got this specifically for degreasing old old old Schwinn Stingray parts.I was gifted a 1965 StingRay my mom found at a garage sale back in 1992.A neighbor spraypainted it all black with magenta wheels and all that junk..Fast forward to 2020 and I'm stripping it down and rebuilding it for my 8 year old niece.Black with flames :).Anyway all the bearings in it needed heavy heavy degreasing. 60 year old bike grease is some of the stickiest nastiest stuff you'll ever encounter. I put the bearing and many other of the quality parts into 100% degreaser after spraying them down with some initial clean up with the diluted solution..The  solution melts grease. IT IS INCREDIBLE..I didn't stop there. I use it everywhere now..On motorcycle parts, car engine bay, and on Grill utensils.You know that Steel brush you use to scrape the grill off after usage?That thing is fulll of grease of course!Soak it in this for a few minutes and rinse it out and it's brand new..Anywhere you can imagine grease existing, this will degrease it..It's phenomenal stuff.A gallon will last me a while but I will DEFINITELY always have this on hand for any dirty greasy job.Cheers
I really love the new trend of healthier snacking. I've always been someone who loves food and indulging, but hate the post gluttony regret. With Companies like Jim Buddies coming into play, I can feel a little better about my sweet tooth.This was my first order and I went with the variety pack. Have to say I really enjoyed these. The donuts are the right stackable size and help curve my sweet tooth. The marcos are on point and are easily worked into my daily calorie intake and you got to love the protein boost (11g). The donut itself is cake like and moist, I was really pleased with the texture. Typically high protein products can be super dense and these were very well done.If I could make one change I would love to have a glaze, frosting or even like a textural component. I would love to see these with a boost of sweetness as a glaze, powder or frosting. I'm sure this is something these guys are looking into.I would 100% recommend trying these if you're looking for a healthy donut alternative. Pro-tip microwave for 10 second or toast in the toaster oven for 30 second to warm them up.
Update - 01062021Had to get my hands on the new flavors! tried the sample pack and loved them. Great tasting with the same BUZZ!Original Review:I'm no stranger to caffeine as someone who has always taken pre-workouts and drank energy drinks. I have a pretty high tolerance to the stuff. I'm always on the lookout to try new products and came across this sample pack of NEU's three flavors and figured I'd give it a whirl.The three shots arrived quickly to my door and I waited for the right moment to try the first one. All the flavors were good, but I personally liked the original tropical punch the best (green). I took the first shot before a night out and it worked great! The stuff is smooth and I felt a lift in my mood about 15 mins after taking it. It's nice because the 2oz shot doesn't leave you full of liquid, just crazy good energy. I felt great all night and had zero crash which was exactly what I was looking for.I find that the 300mg of caffeine is the sweet spot for me. It's enough to get me going and not too much where I feel too jittery. This product hits that sweet spot perfectly. It also has other ingredients like B12 and Choline for an additional brain boost. Overall the formula is strong, the product looks amazing and the flavors are great.I would highly recommend trying these out for your next night out on the town, study session, or in the office as a pick me up.
Perfect! These work great!!
not a bad taste at all
This fabric softener is wonderful for people with sensitive skin and for those with arthritis because of the easy to use bottles.
I’ve been using it for 5 years. It works
Overall, the toothbrush is the winner in this combo.  The water flosser is not like our other WaterPik, but that would be because our WaterPik is corded allowing for maximum power.  The toothbrush is a little noisy, but it gets the job done.  I really wish these could be recharged with either micro-USB or even USB-C.  This package would be a great stepping stone for someone looking to get into powered dental care before buying the expensive brushes and water flossers that are out on the market.  Water flossers are not for everyone, but this one could be a good starting point to see if you like that method of flossing.
I have been using it and has a nice flavor. Very effective
I purchased this product about 2-3 weeks ago and have the same effect as Elyce Rose "Elyce Rose". It is horrible. For the past two weeks my face tingles and feels pressurized and feels like it is about to explode and i feel dizzy. This is a horrible product that clearly contains Niacin (B3). It does not even keep me alert or give me energy, that's the worst part. In fact the last few times i've taken the pills, i've fallen asleep within an hour after.  I am in good shape, exercise daily, and eat very balanced and healthy.  But stay away from this product, it seems like it does a lot more harm than good.
This stuff does work, And with heat, But The celopane shipping package is no good, mine luckily wasn't lost but wrap with rubberband from post office.
I have bought this product before from other seller and is not even close to the one I used to buy.
As advertised quick delivery
really helpful
Great buy HOWEVER note the expiration date on the are nearing much sooner than if you buy direct from dr gundry himself, which is probably why its cheaper to buy on amazon. (says good for use upto 2 years beyond manufacturers expiration)
Very inexpensive for what you get. Seems well constructed and high quality for the price, and the ribbon to hang it is quite sturdy.
Great product. Used for years.
This product is helping me maintain my weight.
The lotion does everything it says, protects from bugs and is an excellent sunscreen. Avon did well in producing this product as well as the pump spray and aerosol can.....I will certainly buy this product again if needed in the future.
wife didn't like it unfortunately. kind of bulky to carry.
Really helps me relax and helps with headaches.
My favorite paper towel.  Very absorbent and I love that it feels like cloth.
This stuff is great! Way better than any other brand even oxiclean! highly recommend!
Smells like a new unit was installed
This gel has strong amount of Epsom. It can be applied to any part of the body and massaged into the skin.One complaint is that it Must be rubbed in thoroughlycompletely, otherwise it leaves a white powder residue.
Awesome stuff. The pills are made natural and the results come fast.
Doesn't deodorize and doesn't smell pleasant.Edit: used tons. Saturated the insoles. Worked. No smell. Hooray.
I'll sum this up quickly. If it sounds too good to be true then it usually is! I saw almost no out of the norm gains after introducing these pills into my workout regimen. I recommend sticking to whey protein and a healthy diet, don't waste your money on this junk.
Hey sports fans.  Just what I needed, to make my office chair more comfortable.  In fact, as I write this, I'm sitting on it right now.  Very happy with purchase, recommended indeed.  Have a great day.
Seriously I’m writing a review about ear plugs? They’re that great. I have very sensitive hearing and even moderate noise sometimes makes my eardrums hurt. I always carry one pair of these around with me, keep one in the car, etc. just in case I need them. They’re very comfortable and don’t get irritating. They cancel enough noise that I can feel at ease enough sleep, but if I wear them loosely I could still have a conversation with someone at dinner. They are fairly discrete and the little cases are great, too. I’ve used these for almost a year now whether it’s sitting in a coffee shop or traveling on a plane. If you are in the market for ear plugs, look no further. Seriously these are awesome and so comfy.
I wish it made a sound as well as the light, because now my partner just turns the bottle around to ignore the light.
The flavor is great the price is ridiculous.
I bring these with me whenever I travel. I recently got back from Namibia and Botswana. Can't even tell you how many times I found myself in a bathroom with no soap or in a location with no soap and sink after handling animals or about to eat a meal.They're so easy to use. Just be sure that you only use one sheet per hand washing. Two is too many and you'll be stuck trying to get all the extra soap off of your hands.
These aminos taste so damn good! I've bought these twice now and I don't know if I'm placeboing myself to death but I could swear that I'm recovering much faster since I started taking them. I've always had a few workouts that have left me sore and spent for the next 2 or so days and that has stopped. Just had to take almost 3 weeks off from the gym and I came back with no soreness inspite of an intense workout.The only issue I have is with the packaging. The bag is way too big and the scoop way too short for the amount you get. You have to stick your hand completely in the bag to get anything out. My knuckles always come out covered. A shorter bag or a small plastic container is really needed. Bag also reads about 40 servings. I got closer to 30 by using the included scoop.*EDIT* I asked Rem (one of the company owners) about the packaging and he said they're going to make the switch to smaller tub containers. So no more dusty knuckles. He responded almost immediately. A+++ customer service.
So tasty and they help
I like the effect Veinz has but after reading label and noticing they use fructose I will not be ordering again. How can any product claiming to be for health and fitness even think about putting something as unhealthy as fructose in it.
I bought this kit for the heels I wanted to wear to my college graduation. I was breaking them in for weeks leading up to the ceremony. I thought this kit would help. But it didn't do anything and I was so disappointed. The pads offered no support - my feet still kept slipping forward. The pads even gave me blisters I didn't have prior to using them with the same shoes. I don't recommend this product at all.
Cute! Perfect if you want to compare the flavors.
I purchased this seat cushion for a friend of mine who does a lot of sitting throughout the day for work. She has gotten much relief so I am very grateful for this product.
Perfect balance of soft bristles that are firm enough to work into the beard. Great product. Don't skimp on buying cheap. Made the mistake, and cheap boars hair feels like plastic.
So cute in cute mugs with gifts of hot cocoa bombs at Christmas. Loved the little added touch having super cute straws.
Fantastic sponge! Durable and great feel to it. The band help keeps your hand in place.
I was having a significant pain in the balls of my feet, and these stick pads have been extremely helpful in reducing the pain and pressure in my foot. Would recommend!
Very nice and I like!
I really like this! Got this for my 7 year old son! He loves the taste!! Great quality! Contains organic vitamins and minerals! Definitely YES!!!
Best tasting Protein I’ve ever had. Vanilla ice cream takes the cake literally.  buy this now,  you will not regret it. There is no chalky taste no grittiness.  it is smooth and I bet if I would were to put it in the freezer I could eat it as ice cream
I've enjoyed the premade version so reading the powdered version wasn't the same didn't surprise me. But a lot of reviews claim it tastes terrible and was so different they threw it away. Luckily, I trusted the company and tried this product anyway. Contrary to those low-star reviews, I disagree that it doesn't taste similar, and when mixed in a blender you almost can't tell the difference. I use a small portable version.  Just using a shaker cup doesn't blend it as successfully but ok if you just need that satisfying shake to stave off snack cravings. I find this meal replacement to be very satisfying and helps stop me from craving excess food. I do 2 scoops to actually replace a meal, 1 scoop to stave off snacking (note: the container says 12 c is for 8oz & 23 c (2 scoops) is for 12 oz). Not as creamy as the premade but probably not as many additives, either. Unfortunately, I've realized this product causes stomach discomfort so I can't enjoy it as often as I would like. If you pop and enzyme pill and a probiotic pill just before, it helps a lot with the gas.
Our go-to balm for most things- baby bum's, scratches, cuts, chapped lips and hands... so many uses!
I have severe lower back issues. This provides great support both in my car seat and my chair.
This tongue scraper works very very well! I could never really clean my tongue with a toothbrush, it just made me gag but this is really nice. I can take it to the back of my tongue and just scrape the entire top side of my tongue and actually clean it very well!Definitely recommend this product!
As a guy, exfoliating the skin is not an easy task and sometimes i get lazy (maybe most of the time to be honest) but after using the Body Bar for the first time - I was hooked! I purchased the The Body Bar - Exfoliating Body Scrub Loofah & Moisturizing Body Wash Soap 2 in 1 by Bathing Beauty. The Body Bar works amazingly well and the after effect with the Shea Butter, Aloe, & Vitamin E nourish and moisturize skin, it gently exfoliate the skin while deep cleansing. Great for everyday skin care and all skin types. I highly recommend this product for guys and girls.
I have lymphedema in my legs and this is a cooling, tingly lotion for my skin.  I have to wear heavy compression stockings and a night garment so this makes my legs feel so good.  It keeps my skin nice and soft which anyone that has lymphedema knows is a must to keep it in check.
I use this for my hikes and runs and its great.
Great product, great seller
I purchased my first brush like this about 54 years ago, Replaced that one with another just like it. This is my third brush like this and if I outlive this one I will replace it with another one like it. It has been like a well loved friend . Thanks Amazon and Fuller Brush.
If you want to buy the best Carlons has been in the fish oil business ages before the fad began.
Way better than expected
This is the only detergent that can tackle my gym clothes for the week and doesn't cause skin issues. I have very sensitive skin and have 0 problems with BLZ. I keep it on auto-ship.
Good quality multi for 40+ men
They were OK but lost them easily since they are so small (Be sure to use the little case)
This product works perfectly.  It does exactly what it says it will do.  And it's an amazing price!  I would recommend this to anyone.  I have one for most of my rooms but plan to get two more so that ALL rooms have it!
Highly recommended and researched this is the best prenatal we could find at the time
These are awesome. Since I dont take baths, I don't get the aromatic benefits of bath bombs but these let me have a bomb without the bath. Each lasted 2 showers for me but I kept it off to the side so it dissolves slower.Love the scents...not too overwhelming but just subtle enough to enjoy it.
Great product.
These do not fit on the size of heels indicated. They are too narrow, even on my skinny stelettos. I tried several times to get them on before finally giving up.
I'm so glad I got these! They last just as long as the original battery, and it's invaluable to have extra batteries when you're places without electricity such as camping trips! If you have the camera, it's worth the few bucks to get the extra batteries. I got an exceptional price!
One end is same as a people brush. The other end is smaller but not thinner. I use the small end.  Switched to my finger.
Nice quality and very cute.
I love this stuff. I put it in hot tea in the evenings. I would and have recommended to friends.
The white chocolate cookie is my favorite flavor so far. It taste almost like the Hershey's cookies and cream candy. It's not as healthy as my favorite protein bar (raw rev glo creamy peanut butter), but tastier! I'm actually keeping this subscription. I wish it was cheaper. Even with the 15% discount, it's still pretty expensive!
So this product definitely works for eliminating the odor in your shoes. HOWEVER, it doesn't prevent your shoes from getting stinky again after a long day. For that I've actually had much better success with a powder product called Gran's Remedy. It works. But while just using the powder, your shoes might have a little bit of a smell by themselves after a time, so if you really just want to kill the smell of your shoes while at home or something, this spray will definitely do that. I think it is pretty nuclear though, so try not to be downwind of it.
Good for the baby!
Great Samples From Great Companies - LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
Great product, customer service was great, thanks!
SOLID Preworkout.... Taken many many pre's during my time... hands down one of the BEST.... Must try!
How can you pissible eat the recommended 5 servings of fruit and 5 serving of vegatables a day... Answer: You Can't.  So, that's why I take this product every day.  It also helps me to keep my hair (which at my age is difficult).
I have one heaping teaspoon a day and it's like eating 3 lbs of carrots.  Could you eat 3 lbs of carrot a day...? I know I can't.A great product!
I like it. One tip though - cleaning your face is not to be underestimated. I broke out after using this and it was not the fault of the product. Rather, I brought up a lot of bacteria and spread it all around my face.
Taste pretty good.  But again very sweet. Follow directions exactly.  Do not add  more water than stated. It becomes very watery and taste really bad if you do.  I only make half at a time. It's too sweet. Also if you are sensitive to chocolate as I am it will give you a head ace.
This box of Breakfast on the go is better. But still very sweet.
I recommend this product.
It is like a very mild Chloraseptic spray.  I use it, as I do a lot of talking at work.  This helps me maintain my voice.
I didn't have high expectations for this product, but I thought it would freshen some pillows and wool suits. Several loads later, I have to admit that this product doesn't seem to do anything at all. It's the equivalent of throwing dry clothes in the dryer with a dryer sheet. Except far more expensive. I do not recommend it and I won't be buying it again.
If you want a product that makes your face vibrate and still keeps your teeth dirty, this is the product for you! I tried moving it around in my mouth and it just tore my entire mouth apart. Not to mention it’s hard to even clean this product. I’ve had better luck with a 1 dollar toothbrush from a gas station than this.
The smell is strong and amazing. We add it to our shower melts and they work and sell amazing!
These are very convenient. The box looks nice enough that I can put them on a side table.
I love this product its the real dealeasy to clean ans soaks well
Helps the glasses while grocery shopping.
Good value for good ingredients.  Happy with these.
I'm pregnant and have an indoor cat. Her litter tray is in our small bathroom. I needed something to aid in cleaning bacteria in the air. After 2 days using this device, it appears to be working well in our bathroom over the kitty litter. Within 6+ hours you could tell it has cleaned the stale air (scooping the poop out of the kitty litter as quickly as possible, and flushing it is advisable). I like the devise, but will also continue to clean the bathroom with bleach as well.
I don't use this consistently but haven't noticed much results yet.
I really like these lens cleaners. The moisture is perfect. They don’t leave my lenses with streaks. I’ve tried other wipes and they left streaks on my lenses because they were too wet.
The first issue was that the soap didn't come out of the wand. Easily solved by poking a larger hole in the soap wand using a paring knife. Second issue was that even after creating a larger opening for soap to come out, the sponge was too thickdense for the soap to saturate sufficiently. Again, an easy fix - I simply used my paring knife to make a small slit in the center of the sponge. At this point, despite having to make these minor adjustments, I was still OK with the product because, hey, this scrubber is always in my sink, and I always have a knife that needs cleaning. So despite the fact that a product *should* perform as intended without the need for alterations, the literal 5-second investment was worth it in a world where Scotch-brite refills have apparently gone the way of the dodo. But I digress. The real issue -- and this one is insurmountable -- is that the flipping sponge pops off of the little bracket that attaches it to the wand...every...single...time!! Honestly, I hate stinky sponges that sit in and around sinks so much that I actually thought about purchasing some sort of waterproof glue to reattach the sponges to the brackets...but I mean, c'mon. Anyway, total pass on this one.
This thing destroyed a pair of pants. It also pulled places and added more pilling on a sweater.
These are a must have to keep on hand. I have narrow heels and often put these in the back of shoes. They have little silicone fingers that actually shape against your foot to hold them.  No blisters!
My guest absolutely loved them for opening bottles and pushing buttons without touching them personally
My boys love these brushes. They like being able to choose a different color each night.
These made my glasses stop slipping down my nose
It is a beautiful bracelet and fits my small wrist. Shiney and not tarnished.  Very happy and thank you for having this size. Perfect
I don’t know how anyone who gave this a positive review was able to insert them into the ear at all. The material is very flimsy and they collapse at the slightest amount of pressure. After 30 minutes Of fumbling I gave them to the flight attendant to put in the garbage. They’re worthless. Stick with the putty type which always stay in place and block all sound. The only reason I tried them was that they’re in a smaller case than what I currently use. CAVEAT EMPTOR!
Great buy!!!! I would recommend seller ant time.Thanks.
Taste great, a nice alternative to water. To be honest I am not sure how much it actually helps my progress in the gym, but it does taste good and it helps keep me hydrated.
I'd say this is a good deal for occasional use, such as if you're travelling.  The eye mask has begun to fall apart in about six weeks.  It's handy enough, but if you're bedroom is flooded with light first thing (and you plan on wearing it every night, as I do), you may wish to forego the ear plugs and spend $20 on a more durable and more comfortable eye mask.
I love many of Life Extension's products, and I take two fairly regularly (I need to be cost conscious).  It's possible that I don't need Nitrovasc, but I noticed nothing over the month or so that I was taking this.
I wanted the try this product cause it had Diindolylmethane (DIM); a estrogen blocker which helps with bloating and water retention. I didn’t notice any difference in the gym and I kept my body building diet intact. I did see a little difference in appearance and I drop a percentage of body fat. I used the product for a month and I’m 6 feet , 235. I think you need to use it for a good 60 days to see results.
My nutritionist recommended this supplement for me after back surgery. I use it to control my blood pressure, allergies, guy health, and preventing coldsinfections in my body. I take this supplement faithfully for 2 years and I have not been sick. Recently I didnt take the supplement for a week and I discovered a allergy to pollen. I started to take the  allicidin again and allgeries went away. This is a great product.
Bang Energy drinks are life. I use to be a Rockstar head but now "all I do is Bang". It's awesome before workouts and a great pick me up during my night shift job. I also love the energy drinks because it has zero carbs which is great for my Keto Lifestyle.  I have tried all of the Bang Flavors and Power Punch is in my top 3.
Good product at a good price
Does a great job for those hard to reach places.
This is by far the best glue out there.  Stays long and is waterproof.  Great for someone like me who is active
Great iron for getting your ferritin up!
This product has all three ampk boosters {Gynostemma, quercetin, Berberine} I bought Master Switch to help support my natural ampk, fight deep stomach fat and to boost my energy. To soon to report whether there is any improvement in these areas yet.
I have read a lot about magnesium deficiency, and it's a real conundrum. People die of heart attacks from it. But most forms of magnesium can't be taken in high enough doses to quickly build magnesium levels without causing diarrhea. I have experimented with taking different amounts of this product and have had no problem with abdominal cramping or diarrhea. this is one of the few breakthroughs in the world of supplements.
This stuff is delicious! I don't know why every shake powder has to be Chocolate, Vanilla, or Berry... or those hyper-sweetened flavors, so this one is a great option if you just want a tasty shake that tastes like oatmeal (delicious). I wish the carbs were lower, but I mitigate that by using unsweetened  flax  soy  almond milk, or a green juice (spinach, lemon, apple, carrot) and it makes it very balanced.
Very good, and clear sounding speaker. It definitely works better than I thought it would. It has several different sounds that was not expected. Great purchase.
I was hesitant to get this based on some of the negative reviews here - but the positive ones convinced me to try it.  And, the price was good enough that I thought &#34;why not?&#34;First of all, I have fibromyalgia and have severe pains and have been desperate.  I'm not someone who is comfortable to get a massage, and even if I was I would be poor if I went as often as I would need to.  So, what to do?Ok.  I got it today and tried it about a half an hour ago.  I think that alone tells you what I think of this spa mat!  (that I literally came on here to review it right away)  :)I didn't even bother with &#34;low&#34; and went right to &#34;medium&#34; (high seemed to scare me for the initial setting - I figured it'd be similar to a tsunami).  The power of the bubbles was AMAZING!  Gets you ALL over and was so powerful that the tub looked like a pot of crazy hot boiling water.  And that was on MEDIUM!Oh, and yeah - while a 10-15 minute bath is usually cool at the end, this amazin' beauty keep the water at a nice temp.  :)Regarding the mat floating - it does.  Some of the suction cups stuck great and others did not.  Frankly, who cares??  This is supposed to make the water bubble and it does that job fantastically.  Made me feel good and relaxed :)  WOO!Lastly - other people complained about the noise.  The noise of the unit is quiet.  The MASSIVE BUBBLING is noisy!  ;)  And seriously, if you're complaining about bubbling noise then why did you get a &#34;body bubbles bath spa&#34; mat?  lol  Personally, I liked it and it reminded me of being on vacation and in a big hot tub.And, for storage, I figured that since I'll likely be using it 2-3 times a week the best way to store the mat is just to stick it on the side of the shower wall ;)  Perfect (so the excess water can drain out and it can dry well).
Not as described.  It's not a 1 inch curling iron.  Between 34 and 78 inch. Even though label on box says 1".  Grrrr.  Going to keep it because it is a longer barrel than usual.  But AGGRAVATING
Love it, use it for everything
A little too stiff
I love this dry brush!  I’ve never heard of dry brushing before but I’m glad I did!  The dry brush is very invigorating.  I used it on the backs of my arms and legs and my back in circular motions. (I wish now I had bought the handle, my husband helped me) It felt so good and left my skin with a rosy glow.  After showering I felt the circulation much improved in all the areas I brushed.  First day it just felt good. The second time I used it I noticed my skin tightening a bit and the skin on my arms felt softer, Even my lotion seemed to absorb better.  I’m very satisfied with the construction of the brush also.  It’s well worth what I paid.  The strap is secure and it has a groove in the back to attach a handle, which I’m purchasing right away!
Easy way to get your fiber and no mixing!
Helped with anxiety, stress, and relaxation. Highly recommended!  Very good quality.
Doesn't stay in place and too large.
I don't know if it does what it says it doesBut it felt amazing as I was washing my hairDefinitely not too sharp unless you're jamming it into your head
Wet charcoal goes everywhere, so beware! And, it takes a lot to get it out of your teeth and gums. Even after brushing with toothpaste I had to floss twice. Have only used once so no results yet, but so far I'm not impressed.
I bought this  because my dr reccomended,It works great!
Good product, will buy again.
This is a simple hinged uncomplicated brace that provides decent lateral stability and some joint support. I use it when walking 18 holes of golf or going for walks around town. If doing more aggressive backcountry hiking use a higher end but more bulky brace. Recommend if you need a modest level of joint support. If you have substantial knee pain andor get knee stiffness after exercise, suggest a higher end brace.
Wow! This stuff really works! I received a sample in a beauty box and it worked great, so decided to order larger bottles for our vacation trip. These are a lifesaver. I don't think I can live without it. Spray-on and smooth out the wrinkles . Easy-peasy.
Seems like a big help in the shower, no complaints!
SSOOOOO uncomfortable!  The thick Velcro straps double back under your armpit and it's like having 2 belts wrapped up under your arms, miserable, I couldn't wear it 10 minutes.
There fine
Decent boost, great flavor, unusual in most preworkouts, will buy again
I took a chance on this coffee. I was well rewarded. This coffee has a ton of caffeine in it. If you have a heart condition this coffee may not be for you!
Very fine powder, no taste, blends well in smoothies.  This will last a long time since the serving size is small.
Have no issues with them holding
Don't bother with this
This clears my stuffy nose, love it!
I have arthritis on my thumbs. I purchase 2 peices. It's exactly what I was looking for. Works amazing.
I buy of this terrible ever light, work one month, and don't work any more,bad product.
My 4 grandchildren - ages 5,4 and 2 were always taking my gloves - so I bought them their own.  They wear them the whole time they are here.  I let them help me wash dishes - quite the mess but we have fun!
This has really helped my success with THM so far. Knowing that I can make a dessert that's safe and yummy saves my sanity.
Ok, so I have to say that my intended use is not what these are marketed for, but the are still exactly what I needed. I have some smaller fish tanks in my home and have had great difficulty in finding good cleaners for the sides of the tanks that are small enough and will not scratch. These work wonderfully for the purpose. The sticks are plastic, not paper, so they do not disintegrate and are reusable if cleaned appropriately. Very pleased.
These definitely take some getting used to but feel great once you do. It almost seems like it massages your feet as you walk. These are basically little air pillows that move around back and forth as you walk. Think of it as those packaging air pillows that you get when you order something online, except these have less air in them and are for your feet. Very hard to explain but it was very weird to use them in the beginning. After about a week or so I started to get used to them and kind of like it. I use it in my every day shoes now. As far as how effective they are, I really have no idea. All I know is that I like them. Can I live without them? Sure but since I have them I'll continue to use them until they break, which might take a while.
Works great for touch up and when camping.
Doesn't do for my big size cat...Brush is very not flexible, hard...my cat doesn't like it at all...
Taste nothing like salted caramel it is nasty tasting and I have tasted way better flavors of whey then this. I am a caramel fanatic when I am looking for a good whey that doesn't have hidden sugars and was disappointed that I spent 50 flats on something I expected a way better taste. I have to down this drink pretty fast because it's not anything I can discribe. Just not caramel of any means. Don't waste your money Extend has a better flavor then this brand of carmel and you get way more for your money.
Love this product, helps with diet, and energy level
These work very, very good on my back for my fibromyalgia. It’s hard to find this kind that has the heat instead of the lidocaine.
Great cases
Doesn't work as well as all the other reviewers stated.  It took a long time to heat up to 450 and it doesn't really make my hair as smooth. Perhaps I should have bought a more expensive brand.
Great Product!!!
It says NO FISH BURPS, but I've been burping fish starting 30 minutes after I took it.  I won't buy these again, because their claims are just not true.
Pros: great size, good temp control (7 levels), very softCon: only one; you can feel the heat wires when you hold it. If you’re laying on it, you can’t tell.
I am a size 12 and it barely fit
These little wipes are amazing!  Y whole family uses them for everything from glasses to camera lenses. The are completely streak free.
I love this brand. They are able to source products that are tested And backed by clinical studies so I know what I’m getting. This product gave me the feeling of being alert and Focused without the jitters and I felt like o had control of my thoughts. Took about an hour for me to even realize because it’s just that subtle and smooth.
These are great!  I bought the unflavored balms, and they have a perfectly natural, neutral smell to them and zero taste.  They keep my lips from getting chapped and go on smoothly.  I would buy these again.
Does the job well. Can feel a difference when I work out and don't take it.
I honestly thought this was the worst thing I have ever tasted. It did not taste like vanilla or chai. It honestly tasted like dirt. I have not tried the other flavors. It is a bit too expensive. Even for a sample pack.
This is a good product but the packaging makes scooping out the bottom third annoying - I kept my own scoop in the bag as the one that came with the product is too small. Also, calling this a wheatgrass shot is deceptive as a WG shot is pure juice squeezed from the wheatgrass - not dehydrated grass mixed in water
Nice white mask but too big
I bought this directly from the manufacturer. I must say, for the price, it was not at all worth it. Yes, it is a cushion, but it is a $60 cushion? &#34;Best in the world&#34; ? No. My cushion moves around on my chair all day long, and I usually find myself doing the &#34;one cheek lean&#34;. My computer chair is already cushioned so I went with this cheaper, thinner version (if I had paid $100+ for this, boy would I be disappointed). By the end of the day, there really is no difference, I feel like I've turned or re positioned as many times as I normally would. At first I felt like I would need to get used to the new cushion but after 3-4 weeks or so, it is still uncomfortable. The company reached out to me for my review, I gave the same review I did here, but have not heard back. Return policy is... Meh... Funny because I live in Utah and they are manufactured here in Utah.
For me have been an excellent product, increasing my mass and power
Sizing WAY off.  This is ASIAN sizing, not US sizing!  An Asian #14 is about equivalent to a US #6
Tastes like battery acid and dried puke.  Just pay the extra money and get the capsules.I'm no ninny when it comes to choking down gross powders, but Glucosamine Sulfate tastes like Satan himself pissed in a pool of battery acid and drain cleaner, then dried it out and sold it as a joint supplement.
If you're basic, this has pumpkin pie flavored chapstick. It's wonderful!
It took off discoloration PLUS removed material that wasn't removed by pixie cup wash or other wipes plus boiling. I did deduct a star because alcohol to wipe a cup that goes in a sensitive area is not the best.
Liquid car wax ended up on the carpet of my brand new car. This took it out on the first try after it been there for about 6 months
I guess, I mean I didn't get sick on my trip abroad - 12h plane rides included
I use hand sanitizer probably 300 times a day as a nurse. My hands used to stay so dry to the point they would crack. Let me just say, alcohol on skin that's not intact hurts like hell. I had to use liquid bandage to cover the cracks in my hands so I wouldn't scream every time I used hand sanitizer. I've tried so many different hand lotions. This is one of my favorites. I keep it on hand at all times - bedside, car, work, I even have a liter in my living room. It's not greasy, absorbs quickly and heals your abused skin pretty rapidly. If used religiously, your hands won't ever be dry or crack. Medline has an entire line dedicated to skin - I actually found this product while working as a wound nurse. Highly recommend!!!!
Best product for stage II pressure ulcers and moisture related skin breakdown (incontinence related dermatitis). Wouldnt use as a barrier on intact skin (A&D or zn based product better if skin intact). As a wound certified nurse, this is one of my favorite treatments.......because it works. This particular product is the medline version of lantiseptic
This lotion is a must have in my house. I have insane foot and calve cramps that wake me up out of deep sleep. I rub some of this on and within a minute they calm down and I can fall back to sleep. Sometimes I just out it in my feet before bed because it relaxes me and helps me get a good night’s sleep. There is no smell. It’s not overly greasy or sticky. I love this stuff and have recommended it to multiple people who now also swear by it. It’s something I don’t mind spending money on because it’s a necessity.
So far I like this product, it’s a little thick but no real taste. Easy to take, just add to water.
Absolutely worth it definitely has helped my gains and helped in the bed room a bit too if you know what I mean definitely give it a try!!!
Arrived as described. Fast delivery and Item does what its supposed to to balance hormones
This is so good.  Love adding this to our smoothies when we are doing a cleanse.
It's really small and hard to apply. I have calluses from crossfit plus my hands rip now and then. This is no different than rubbing coconut oil on your hands.
Exactly what I needed.
Wonderful product!
Easy to take great energy without tingles &jitters you easily pump for 90 mins and not know it.
Love these
Their mixture has improved, as I find it dissolves better after each purchase. I would say purple is my favorite flavor.
Super effective and great tasting.
Really tasty and high quality product.  Highly recommend.
Love this product.  I noticed a huge difference in my skin after using it for a while.
Good for getting accurate circumference measures on yourself and others. The plastic portion on the end of the tape keeps the tape from retracting into the container and being lost forever. This portion of the tape needs to be reinforced as the tape is useless once it breaks.
Great product.  I was always so cold and the space heater made the air dry but it was never warm enough to work without a coat and gloves on.  With the heater on, my chair is comfortable, my body is warm and the air is no longer super dry.  With the legs and back being heated my arms are no longer frozen and I finally have feeling in my fingers.As a bonus, the heated pad is great for any soreness in legs and lower back, which has made my sleep significantly better.  Highly recommend this item.
I'd much prefer a smaller tablet - or even two for the same dose. They are hard and large, making them difficult to swallow.
The product description says firm foam. This is a joke there is no firmness at all a one-year-old could squeeze it into a tiny little ball. Total waste of money
Worked ok for 3 months and stopped working. I try to contact the seller. Will update soon.UPDATE. 4TH NOVEMBER. SELLER STILL NOT RESPONDING!!!!!
I am in search of a stevia sweetened gum to avoid sugar and artificial sweetners, so why are they putting maltitol in this?????? Sort of defeats the whole purpose.
Been taking this stuff daily for a couple of months and have noticed a sizable difference in the reduction of lower legcalf cramps. From what I've found, this is the only supplement where you can get 1000mg of potassium in one scoop. Otherwise it is sold in 50mg pills, which would take forever to get to the minimum recommended 3,500mg a day (and you need MORE if you are nursing).I put this in with about 14 cup warmed water (30 sec in microwave) - it seems to dissolve better in warm water. And then I mix it in with 20 oz of flavored water. It does alter the flavor a bit, but you get used to it.
Love this! Makes it so much easier to use the mist machine for the 10-15 minutes required
I don't use this other than pre-sparring ritual, where my teammates and I would cover our gloves and faces to minimize the cuts from the contact. It helps tremendously for MMAStriking (or both combined) throughout the session. It doesn't get any discomfort and would recommend for boxers or MMA fighters to buy one to prevent any cuts during sparring rounds!
Kids wouldn't eat these.  I tried them and I won't eat them either.
a total fail, threw most of the bottle away.  Simply going for acupuncture was enough, no need to buy every herb they recommend.
Pros: This set contains just about every size cleaning brush you could possibly need to clean your combs, razors and trimmers. They're incredibly easy to clean, too. Cons: I cannot think of anything negative to say about this kit. Love it!
The Pros: 1) It has 15 different strains of good bacteria. This is the most outstanding feature of this probiotic blend. It is the case of more is better. Diversity of the gut flora means the healthier the digestive tract. 2) It is delayed release.  This ensures that the good bacterium gets into your lower intestines rather than being destroyed by your stomach acids. 3) Per serving, it has 30 Billion CFU of probiotic organisms. Again, more is better. 4) I have experienced no adverse reactions to the product. 5) My overall digestion has improved resulting in good bowel movements and no constipation. The Con: 1) It contains milk so if you have a diary allergy or intolerance, you should not take this product.In conclusion, Premiva Ultra Probiotic is a good solid product that would likely improve your digestion as well as boost your immunity. Disclaimer - I was fortunate to receive this complementary probiotic in return for my fair and honest evaluation. I am under no obligation to give a favorable review. I write these reviews in the hope that they will help other consumers like me to make the best purchasing decisions for their money. As an avid researcher, I have save myself time, money and aggravation by reading other customer reviews and I am grateful to have their input available to me.
This is definitely a must buy item. If your skin is acting weird, this product is the solution.
Was hoping this would help with the pain in the ball of my foot, but it ended up hurting me more from the elastic around the pad. The pain from this overrode the pain in my foot and caused more pain for me. Very uncomfortable and will need to find something else. What a waste of money!
It's great when it works but I have tried to charge it up the last two days and it will not take a charge.  Very disappointed.
These are good size making them easy to operate. Being translucent, it allows to keep pill alignment. Much more substantial than expected.
The gauze is high quality fluff. It is comparable to the product used in the hospital. Works well for protecting a sensitive incision site. The tape is useless. As a paper tape, it is expected that it have a lower stickiness. This has virtually none. Most comparable to really cheap imitation washi tape. The tape did not stay on longer than 20 minutes. The part which did adhere, tore the skin when removed. Threw the tape away; but continue to use the fluff. Intend to order another package for the fluff but will dispose of the tape.
Has a point not normally found on carbide files
Hard to get item these days and I don't waste it on my dishwasher.One of those things &#34;not sold in Costco anymore&#34;When I open a box I immediately pour it into a salvaged Heinz Ketchup bottles and dispense it from there.  It is my first line of defense in cleaning the glass jar on my blenders.Just open the recycled bottle flip top and squirt some in on top of hot water and blend away.Rinse and walk away knowing this stuff did a terrific job.
My acupuncturist used this oil and I have continued to use it..Great product
I bought this to help my back and posture during pregnancy. I work 10-11 hour days at a desk and my back was killing me! I originally was only going to buy the cushion that goes on the back of your chair- but Amazon recommended both pieces. Seeing that I would do just about anything to get some comfort during pregnancy- I splurged and bought both.I am SOOOO glad I did. This corrects your posture and really comforts your behind while sitting. Seeing that I am at my desk for hours everyday- I really need all the support I can get- especially during pregnancy. This works on ANY seat- I've even tried it n my car. You need nothing to install and you'll wonder why you didn't buy one of these earlier. I'm already thinking about my grandparents and parents who would LOVE to have something like this for bad backs.The material is memory foam so it really meshes to fit your needs. I have a pretty small behind but it would fit any size. Since starting to use this I have had a lot less issues with my back and overall more comfortable during the day- I even notice myself sitting up abetter while in other chairs.
Love these! They work very well to keep baby happy and regular especially as we are starting to feed baby solids!
Tastes great!
Did not fit onto any of my 4 eyelash curlers from different brands.
Sometimes these things are good sometimes there not. It's always hit or miss when ordering these rollers
The instructions were a bit sparse about how to set the range of motion limits, but I was able to figure it out in a minute or two.I ordered a medium (I'm size 9 men's) and it was too big.It's actually quite uncomfortable to walk in as the sole is very thick and my specific injury did not allow for the range of motion that would have made this comfortable.
Nice tattoo. It lasted a few days even with showers. Would definitely consider repurchasing.
Works perfectly for combining medications for emergency use - just what we needed!
Savory chicken tasted awful..and to top it off product couldn’t be returned.  BIG ripoff!
Used it daily for a month and saw no results. I would add that this is oil so it makes your face look weird, oily. I wouldn't bother with it.
A cup of coffee is much cheaper.
Definitely cheap quality. Just expect that. The detachable heads are very cheaply made. The process of taking them on and off looks like it might split them in half. The grinding bit is completely useless just to be clear. It does absolutely nothing. However, the blades don’t hurt upon direct contact (still don’t shave too close or you’ll irritate the skin and cause rashes).Do note that they do not come with any guards. You’ll want to be careful with your dogs whiskers especially in the chin area where the base of the whisker can protrude from the skin. That way, you won’t accidentally hurt your dog.I charged it overnight, and it barely lasted long enough to finish the grooming session. That said, it was my first time, and I don’t know what I’m doing well enough to be fast. So the session was about 2 hours. If you have a large dog or if your dog is heavily matted, you’ll need to do it in multiple sessions in order to charge the device enough for it to last.Overall, it did when it claimed to do, except for the grinder. The longer head was very helpful for the face, feet, and hygienic regions as they are all a bit difficult to reach.
From what I can read this is just some coconut water and stevia. Is it really hydrating?
Bought for my mini pig, Dewey. Helps his skin and coat stay soft and shiny.
Nothing special. A small box of matches with a sorta cute picture of a cat. Definitely not worth almost 7 bucks.
Great product. We use it frequently.
Fantastic product.  I have never had anything work faster or better.
Helps along with other powdered supplements
I had wanted this product to get a convenient way to get some sort of "wheat grass shot" into me, on a frequent basis. I was surprised by the bland (almost "watery") taste of it, which leads me to question its nutritional potency.  It seems to me that it should really taste more green, and not all that different from drinking a real wheat grass shot (as created from freshly juiced beneficial grass!)  Also, the amount of foam that gets generated when using a shaker bottle, with a wire whisk, to mix it with water is enormous, adding complications and inconvenience in using it.  I find that an aggravating annoyance.
It’s honestly so cute, I love it! I used 7 slots for daily supplements and I use the 8th slot for Tylenol!
This chair is everything it said it would be! The price was in my range and it was super easy to put together. You will need help getting it in the house, it is very heavy but comes in 2 pieces. Would definitely recommend. It is a little rough on the hips when you first use it but after using it for a few weeks I don't even notice it . My grandson uses it and he is 6 ft tall and he loves it, very comfortable.
This works well except the instructions are very vague. No instructions about how much anti-freeze to add, and leaks around the bottom of the control panel, but works as needed.
These are the same ones they sell at my gym for 50 cents a pair.  They are a bit awkward but considering you wear them for 5 minutes and then toss in the trash, they work fine :). Plus, they eliminate any tan lines around the eyes like the around-the-head eye-protectors.
Took for a month now still no change it's kinda disappointing you spend money hoping for something but there is no drug that makes miracle happen
I use this on my shoulder and upper arm because of pain from a torn rotator cuff.  Works well and stayed on even during a shower.  Was able to remove quickly wo pain... great product..  does what it says it can do..
I have C-Spine injury I am treating with decompression therapy in doctor's office.  This device allows me support and decompression like therapy at home and is easy to use. Adjustable tension to fit your needs. A little uncomfortable on the ears takes some getting used to.
This is my go-to protein powder after my workouts. Clean ingredients. Delicious taste.
Still too big to swallow ! I'd rather take two small pills than gag on one . Why can't anyone come up with a fish pill us humans don't have to risk choking to death to swallow ??
Had this set up for Amazon subscription, but was out of stock on the 1st and the 2nd scheduled subscription delivery, so I dropped it.As far as the quality of the product it's excellent. I now just try to order it when it looks like I'll need it.
Get ready to hurl!  Thought I'd save a few bucks and try this but ultra is far and away a better product
So good, love blending it in my morning coffee with butter and MCT (C8).  Not overly sweet like some others I've tried. Perfect vanilla flavor, not artificial or candy like at all. Better than a Starbucks vanilla latte! I also add and egg yolk.
This stuff is quite strong, be sure to spray in a well ventilated area as it gives off a strong orange smell.
Since I turned 60 about six years ago, it seems every time my arms come into even small contact with objects, the next day there's a red blob under the skin which is not too bad if you only have one or two spots, but it looks progressively bad if there's a lot of these marks, say after some shrub or rose pruning.  Medical web sites say not to worry, they are fairly common for older people, and, these 'impact blotches' are not an indicator of any serious condition. Fortunately, on a recent trip a relative about my age saw my arms, and said she has the same impact blotches, and suggested this product from Gold Bond would make the red blotches go away, and it indeed does, if you use the lotion, say three times a day for only two or three days. I'm amazed, but it really works !!.
I like all of the egg white protein bars from Julians Bakery.  These do have a strong cinnamon flavor if you like cinnamon.  My favorite are the Devils Food Chocolate and the Glazed Donut.  The Sunbutter is an excellent choice too.
I was incredibly dissatisfied with this pollen. It's flavor was terrible, it was dry and just seemed old. I've been eating pollen for awhile and decided to try this because the price was so reasonable but this is very low quality, or the way they process it ruins it. I'd rather pay more money and get a higher quality product. As they say, you get what you pay for.
Very nice taste. I guess it adds something to health, cannot detect what exactly, but it tastes real nice and reminds me of berries I miss so much, living in the tropics.
Great product, great customer service, great idea and does open up nose, sadly doesnt work for everyone. Would recommend to others.
Love this product. Great price and quality. It does the job as described on advertisement. It will bring blood pressure down and is great with viruses. I highly recommend. You must take on consistent ongoing basis, so buy the larger size which is a lot for your money.
What I wanted and needed
This toilet paper is hysterical. My family really likes Trump. One night I invite them all to dinner and put this toilet paper in the bathroom. It was so funny as they went in to use the bathroom everyone came out cracking up!! The toilet paper feels like regular Scott toilet paper. Not soft. I don't really recommend using this for anything other than laughs.The paper itself is in color and features pictures of trump with the words disgusting in a bubble.This is really the perfect gag gift for anyone whether they like trump or not!This would be funny placed anywhere including your own bathroom or the bathroom at work, or anywhere someone will have a sense of humor!I received this toilet paper at a promotional price in order to evaluate it and share my honest and unbiased opinion.
I sit at my computer most of the day typing and as a result, I end up sitting hunched over a lot of my day. I really needed something like this massager to kneed the knots in my neck and shoulders.There are straps that you can put your arms in the more weight you put on your arms the more pressure the massage gives. There is the option to have the heat on or off and an option to change the direction of the massage. This also comes with a car charger to be able to use in the car!!I gave this a 4 star because insist comfortably on your neck, but to use lower on your back is not so easy to use, but doable!I received this at a promotional price in order to share my honest experience and opinion.
Extra fluffy when new and dry, but not so much once wet. Not as good as the original mop heads but still good for the money.
Cuticle trimmer is not sharp or  precise!
As long as I have to use a cane, it might as well be pretty.  And this cane is pretty, as well as AFFORDABLE!  I love it!
While I liked the ear holder thing the strap was way to small. It seems like these straps you get are either way too big or too small
The tea is tasty and does seem to settle irritable tummies.  I tried the loose tea since it seemed to be more economical.  Bad decision.  After trying 3 different tea strainers, all unsuccessfully.  The tea leaves drift through the strainer and the cup had too many loose tea leaves to bear.  I shall stick to the tea bags.  Too much work, too little time to necessitate double straining tea. Thus, the reason for four stars.
These were okay. A bit smaller than I thought, but still fit well.  I deducted a star because the frame cracked and the lens fell out of one pair.  It was unusual since they had not dropped or been jarred.Update Aug 1, 2015Not happy that the arms broke on most 46. These would be nice if extra screws were included.
I love this. I have one in each bedroom for my kids, and i bought one as a gift for my brother as he is a  poor sleeper. It has the perfect background sound. Not too loud but just right to distract you  even if not sleeping. I would recommend!!
A must for every first aid kit
This works well, just small, so it requires more uses to get a head of hair curled. I wouldn't recommend for long hair
I’ve always read lots of great reviews about the stuff and thought I would try. The stuff was horrible. Are used it to wash my Gallardo and it left shiny little greasy chemical marks all over the car. It wasn’t possible to remove. I ended up using my go to Stoners quick bead detail and that did the trick. That stuff is awesome and can use on every part of your car. Does not leave streaks and better tan actual window cleaner on the windows..
This worked really well for my winter boots. I wanted to clean them up before I tucked them away for the winter. I followed the instructions and let the inside of the shoes dry after application and they look and smell great. I ended up cleaning more shoes than I planned to clean because it worked so well. Definitely worth trying!
I got this for my son who is having some issues with prostate enlargement.  (PSA test normal).  He says it is helping,, reduced night time bathroom calls and dripping (to some degree).  At this point only taking 1 capsule a day and may increase to 2 to see if reduction in issues increases.  Has to be cautious due to other medications he is taking for other issues.
Excellent product. Just what I needed. Petroleum Jelly.
My box says "showen steamers." So that sort of negates these being gift quality IMO. There are 3 mentholeucalyptus and 3 lavender. They are individually wrapped and the set includes a tiny plastic device to cut through the wrappers and a tiny purple bag to place the steamer inside while in the shower. The bag is more the sort you use for gifting jewelry. I recently tried some other steamers and the mesh bag was far more appropriate for the product.The steamers themselves are nice. The colours themselves give the impression of gentleness. I could smell them through the box. I placed a steamer in my (other) mesh bag and placed the steamer at the edge of the shower water. There was a pleasant release of steamer scents during the shower. Easy to clean up. At the current listed price, these are on the pricey side.
For 6 bath bombs these are on the pricey side, but they are such fun. These were an instant hit and after opening, it was impossible to pick which one to use first.The box wasn't that fancy and really didn't promise much inside. The box is pretty enough colour wise but it's not fancily wrapped.These bombs look good enough to eat which probably explains the caution inside that they are NOT to eat. There are six different shapes colours and scents. Each bomb is individually wrapped too. There's a cupcake with sprinkles, what appears to be a glazed doughnut, a blue heart with gold paint strokes, an orange macaroon with a white centre,  a multi coloured star and a round one with glitter and a rainbow on top.Performance wise, the fizz was long-lasting compared to other bombs I have used. Anyway, lots of fun. Kids may want to use these all at once, so hang onto them.
These very large cloud shaped bath bombs are a lot of fun. Shape wise they remind me of the cloud character from Trolls--as noted by a 6 year-year old. These bombs are marketed for kids. You get 3 bombs in the box. That means each bomb is quite pricey. IMO I would prefer more bombs, smaller if necessary.They have a lot of colour and fizz and lasted a long time in the tub. The only downside is the $$ as you won't be using these one a night every night. Cost is too high.
The bath bombs all look and smell the same. They are fairly large--about the size of medium oranges. Not gift quality IMO as the box doesn't scream luxury--rather it says utility. Plus it has a wide plastic wrap around it. There's a bar code label firmly stuck on the box which says 'made in china.' I was unable to remove it without tearing the box. So again, an argument against gifting.The bombs are individually wrapped and are strong smelling. Just all the same which is a great pity. There is a tiny variation in colour due to to the swirls, but that's it.Bath bombs have become fancy these days and so these don't compare well. They fizzed and floated for a while and kids love that, but other than that, nothing special. Overall the smell was too strong.
I've been taking these for a few weeks now. The capsules are on the large size but easy to swallow with no odor. They are vegan caps and are very clean--by that I mean that they are not full of preservatives. They are made in the USA too.I see on the manufacturer page that it's stated that the product is tested for quality,  and I would like to see these NSF certified.
We all have different feet and different needs. I have extremely high arches. These insoles did not work for me. I cut them to size--they were a bit harder to cut than others probably as they are thicker. There are guides on the bottom of the insoles to help you cut to the size you need. I got the medium. I wear 9 or 9 12 size shoes depending on the brand. The medium were supposed to be for women 7-11 and they were only a tiny bit too big for me (hence the cut) so there is no way these would do for someone who wears women's size 11.So trimmed and in the shoes, these tended to flop and not stay 'sealed' on the foot as I walked. Again my weird high arches. So I could not use them.
I can't take a lot of supplements due to the ingredients which end up doing more harm than good. I took these (and taking these) and have had zero problems. As for benefits, I can't say that I've noted any (unlike PQQ).Resveratrol has many health benefits and I was happy to give it a try. We are all different, perhaps others noticed a difference.This is made in the USA and GMP certified (I always look for that). This is a vegan capsule which is great. I don't get the addition of lemongrass but perhaps I'm missing something...There are 60 capsules here but the recommended dose is 2 per day so in reality this is a 30 days supply.
I am a side sleeper. When I first put the mask on, I thought it was going to be great. The material is nice and sleek and it fit well in the strap area. It was  a little too big over my nose. When I slept on my side, depending on whether or not the pillow was in a certain place, the mask buckled and felt uncomfortable. If I put my head into the pillow and didn't move, the mask was fine. So it was ok for naps but not for all night long.(The ear plugs did not work for me: they kept popping out)
I liked this hand lotion a lot. It has a 'waxy' feel to it, not greasy at all.  When you rub your hands with it, your hands don't slip at all. What I'm trying to say that while it is a hand cream to be rubbed in, it appears to absorb quickly and you're not left rolling your hands trying to get the lotion to disappear.It's so hard to describe smells. I liked the smell of this, it's lightly fruity. And a test I have with lotions is to rub it on at night and then see if the scent drifts over when I wake up. This lotion passed my sniff test, and I am very picky about perfumed products.
Just what we needed!
Well made as all Verilux items are, but also blends in well with other furniture!
They absorb way too much liquid, and theyre too long to be rung out properly. Sometimes the plastic rubs on the floor. Theyre ok for walls, but I prefer the original cedar ones for my floors.
I received this Brush for my Husband the other day and he tried it right out. He said the brush bristles were very soft and was easy to use to apply the dry oil. He said it turned easily in the oils and was easy to apply to his beard. His beard felt softer and it wasn't so rough looking. It keeps his beard soft and not old looking
This is the third time I have bought this product. The sticks that were in the bottle were no longer working. The sticks in the pouch did work but that meant 100 sticks did not on opening.
I used this for a Tiffany bridal shower. The paper was perfect color and quality of paper. Highly recommend
I bought this because I just needed the LED light. The one from Colgate was way too expensive and I already had crest white strips and the pen. This worked out just great. So far after one use for some reason I see my teeth look slightly lighter, not a huge difference tbh since it's one use. The LED was so simple to use, didnt cause burning or sensitivity to my gums or teeth. Would but again, but my concern was that It didn't come packaged. It came in a zip lock bag and I didn't see the warranty slip for mine. Can someone explain that to me?? I washed it before using as everyone should cause I was very suspicious about why it didn't come in a box like shown. I will continue using it this entire week.
I've lost and bent a few of these things.  It was nice to have a source of new ones.  They work fine and there's a nice assortment of sizes.  They arrived quickly and were well packaged.  There's not much else to say other than that they're remarkably inexpensive.
I love the fresh air smell.
The cart is well made with long handle for easy movement. I only give it 4 stars because the wheels are not tough enough for daily  city use. I had to change the wheels with lawn mower replacement wheels and now nothing can stop in my everyday use. why aren't more being sold.
THE ARE NOT ARCH SUPPORTED
Worked perfect, my stem had a broken screw and this part repair d it like new.
Love the oil, but the cap leaks.
The item fit way too big and the item could not be returned to seller. One hot mess
Works great as instructed.  Heating &#60;2 minutes and lasts 20-30 minutes.  Very gentle gradual heat release.  Size is just right for all body locations.  Great for period cramps back pain and other. Great packaging and fast shipping.  Recommend.  Thanks!
It works. It was fun and informative to see which waters were alkaline
Keeps the weight for a few seconds after you step off. Love it.
I have to say these are awesome glasses they fit really well and are so clear and the light-blocking is awesome as I spend a lot of time on my Kindle.
Really soften  my feet!
No support at all. Better off getting the whole foot support
Thank You
Ugly colors
I love this thing I sleep on it every night!!
I got one of these for myself a few months ago because I read they can help with scalp itch. I don't have dandruff, but I do have dry scalp (thanks Winter) and some irritation due to using dry shampoo. Admittedly it felt weird to use at first, but after just the first use, my scalp was itching less (after I added the use of an apple cider vinegar clarifying shampoo, the itchy scalp is GONE). It has made a noticeable difference in terms of scalp itch and how clean my hair looks and feels. I was excited and told my husband about my triumph over itchy scalp and the next thing I know, he has started using my shampoo brush (even though he made fun of me for using it in the first place)! He has some dandruff but doesn't have the itchy scalp. I'm not sure if it has helped him or not but he must enjoy using the brush because he keeps using mine. This is the exact reason I have now bought a second one. We both enjoy using it.
Can be used normally
Soap and probiotics soothe my skin after shaving
Good for a supplement to your diet
Just what I expected
Work just the way I wanted
They are what I expected and hold a lot of stuff without breaking!
These are great.  Best I found so far.
Great item, cleans your contacts really good
One side has floral covering not shown in photo. China Post shipping was S-L—O——W.
Keeping screens, glasses, and face shields is a never ending chore.These wipes do a through job without leaving streaks or film.So nice not to have to go back and try to polish again!
the rice was delicious.
These come in two sizes in the container.  Neither one of them fit.  They felt a little too stiff, not suitable for me.
Outstanding product as one would expect from Jocko. My family loves it, especially my teenage son. Will definitely be reordering and would highly recommend to ANYONE kids or not.
This is the only manufacturer that I have found that carries these larger interdental brushes.  They are necessary for my dental hygiene.
Menthol type of medicine, put 10-20drops into warm cup of water or juice, helps with sleep (has 65% alcohol) :) but we use it for indigestion, as a rub for colds, etc, just ahard to-get-product....
Very useful for my diet.👍🏼😁
very feature full cost effective shaver
Wow, this is a really heavy duty cover, very think.It covers my Pride Maxima 4 wheel scooter with room to spare.
Cheaper than my insurance copay. Works great.
A must have for any first aid kit!
I like plastic frames but they slide off my nose when I am working and looking downward. I thought I was going to have to get the side pieces extended, but I saw this and it works perfectly.  Although they seem a little flimsy, you get TEN pieces. Works like a charm, perfectly comfortable.
My partner likes to fall asleep to youtube, podcasts, and not the quiet kind either, music, laughter. I cannot tune that stuff out. Bought this pillow mat in desperation, not really trusting reviews, but it honestly and truly works. He puts it under his head and I can't hear a thing. I can't even tell it's on.  He says it's perfectly comfortable. Much more comfortable than headphones or headbands with speakers. Some people say the wire breaks after a lot of use. Honestly, I don't care. I mean, I hope it holds up, but since this is the only solution that works for us, we'll just spring for another one.The only downside is, he can't use it very well when he's sitting up in bed, so we need both headphones and the pillow mat.
Charge lasts forever! Fast Heating.Absolutely the best I have ever owned even comparing to others twice the cost.
It was a gift so I don’t know details but it was a pretty color.
Nice wrap, good length, strong Velcro closure, just too tight. Will give as a gift instead of my own use.
What an endearing book. It's as pleasant as drinking tea in the garden and kitchen with a good friend. This book is helpful, practical and fun. I would recommend it to anyone. Even though I have quite a few herb books, this was was a good addition. It has a clean feeling to it, simple and nice.
I'm a massive stroke victim with left  side paralysis so my care givers used these to wash  me.  I like that they can be warmed up in the microwave before using, they have a nice smell & r gentle for my skin.  A good thing to have on hand when a shower or bath is not aailable!
It does have an easy to read dial, works better for me than digital as i am handicap and it's difficult for me to step up straight on there, course the only thing I don't really care for is my weight as it says what I really am! lol
Great product and quick delivery!
Solid, cool looking trimmer.  Comes with 3 clip on bladecomb adjustments.  Rechargeable Li-On battery, it lasts for 2-3 hours- lit indicator.  single button. Strong cutting.  Trim the sideburns, trim the beard, eyebrows and cut designs in your hair if you want.  Nice gift for the guys.
I love taking long soaks weekly with salts.  Great for the circulation, body aches and mind.  This is a different combination.  I'm used to essential oils, but expect a stronger scent.  Not bad.  Overall, it was soothing.
I compared this with elderberry Emergen-C (EC).  The ingredients are similar as far as sugar 5g, Vit. D3 125% and 50mg elderberry.  This one has 25mg zinc(227%) compared with 10mg with EC; Vitamin C is low at 270mg, 1000mg EC. I like more VIt. C.  This one does have turmeric root extract 140mg which scores with me.  Salt is the 4th ingredient with 23% of daily sodium, 29% chloride.  That's a lot for me.  I definitely taste it.You absolutely need to mix this in 16ou of water.  It doesn't fizz.  Stir it.  Mild citrus taste.  Overall, not my cup of sport's drink or immunity drink.  I think if you're out sweating hard, like a lineman in a football game, or prefer more NaCl than this will work for you.  The ingredients and packaging otherwise look good.
Well, if you're looking for organic Acai, here it is.  It comes in a foil package, dish out how much you want or can stand,  I used to get frozen Acai mixed with fruit and guarana, or something like that.  Very tasty, and I felt like I was doing something really good for me.  This one isn't sweet.  It's kind of strong or bitter.  You must mix it with something to counter it and make it palatable.  I put it in my power shake along with the kitchen sink, i.e., you name it, if it's suppose to be good for you, I put it in my shake- one more powder.  I guess I like.
This is a hefty bag of organic turmeric.  It has that nice color and texture.  We use it in lots of food including protein shakes, salads, cooked dishes.  Anti-inflammatory powers and well tolerated.  This is a nice product for a decent price.  No complaints, will use more.
These work and I like them a lot.  They're pretty weak strength, but my eyes are still strong except if tired, low light or really small print, and then, these are perfect for me.  I have good eyesight but age tries to tell me otherwise.  I try to rest my eyes frequently from all the screen work that has taken over all  of our lives.  I do eye exercises especially for convergence.  I eat well, exercise, no smoke and take some supplements including fish oil.  Take care of your car, it last; take care of your body, it last.  God willing!
Very useful for foot pain, I've used Dr. Scholl's throughout m life with the occasional foot pain issues.  These orthotics saves one money and can bring relief for common problems.Visit the Dr. Scholl's kiosk to get the recommendation based on how you weight bare.  I've had problems with plantar fasciitis over the years when I haven't stretched and stayed limber.  I'm long legged, good arches, and skinny; however, weight can be a major cause of foot pain.  Even a little weight loss can significantly reduce the force on the feet.  I've also had inflammation at my metatarsal heads from wearing poor shoes- worn out sandals and working in the yard.I like these in my work shoes because they give my foot added arch support and cushion- heel and metatarsals.
Great photos & great write-up about the Blue Zones. Thanks!
Perfect for dog leash attachment. They gather all condition of poop to make bagging work easier.Very happy.They also clean up any broken glass dogs otherwise could be a victim of.
Use it in my office chair and is very comfortable except for the front edge which is under my upper legs. This edge tends to be a little hard and puts pressure on the back of my legs.
Comfortable to wear.  It helps my posture in a comfortable way.
I have a military back injury and this item worked and helped the pain, but after wasting my time and money getting 2 of them,  one originally, the other a replacement, they both stopped working and when they did work only 30 minutes at a time which was not very useful thanks for nothing this was a  bad product11
wonderful! It works..... only two days using the cream and my skin face is better,,,,
My wife loves these tissues...So soft
I have used Heel Tastic for over 3 years and it keeps my heels and toes from cracking.  You have to make sure it is Heel Tastic that you order.  I ordered one that I thought was Heel Tastic and it was useless.
This works wonderfully.  Hoping to have less colds this year!
Got these for my dogs and horses. Much cheaper than buying individual supplements. I use gram scoops for their servings.
This product made my wife's legs go numb.
Excellent callous remover.  Does not hurt foot and s rapes off stubborn hard skin on heels!
The flavour is very good and it keeps me feeling my best with better energy and digestion and I take it daily.
I was skeptical when I bought this razor due to the price...BUT, after using it for a couple of weeks, I can say that I really like this razor. Don't let the price fool you. The battery life is also very good. My last razor would have to be recharged weekly. Not this one. It arrived with 100% battery and I've yet to charge it and I still have plenty of battery left. I'd buy it again in a heart-beat.
Small size for purse or back pack
I have a 2 and 4 year old. I’m a nurse, and I love microbiology so I have studied which bacterias are commonly in the body, and which we need. This probiotic is very complete, and my kids are always very excited to eat one every night. They’re chewable and have a good taste, I tried one myself beforehand. I have had issues with others I have trued because they refuse to take them, so it’s a huge plus.Everyone should take daily probiotics, so overall I am very impressed and will keep purchasing them. Definitely recommend.
Back discomfort can be ongoing.  This really does get right to the points of tightness.  I would purchase it again or suggest it for a friend.
This is just an amazing system and it works! Try it. You also will be just astonished with the results. Well Done!
Great product would buy again.
Time will tell on the effectiveness but as of now not much difference in how I feel.
So far, I have seen a couple of strands spaced fairly apart on areas where I had lost all of my hair, which is good news. The bad news is that I also spotted some hair that grew about 34 of an inch below my eyes a spot where I never had hair before ? This is a minor inconvenience when it comes to shaving in the morning. This product does make your hair grow, but it works best where there is already some hair. I was hoping it would cover up my bald-spot, but other than a few new stray hairs, this hasn't happened. Not that it wont happen some time in the future. I only had this product for about 3 weeks, so I think I will give it another 3 months or so. In any case this is the best hair product I have tried so far.
great charger
great charger
Very disappointed in this product. Not rigid enough. Save your money and buy a horn without the spring.
It is so easy to use and works well. The recharging is quite fast and works for several times before it has to be recharged. I really like it.
This matters or not don’t waste your time but I won’t have to match them make it look like they’re tall the matches but then not
DMSO has been subjected to Government oversight, primarily based on Big Pharma monies.The product is amazing!We use it on a multitude of situations and we have NEVER been disappointed in the results.
This product is great quality and the multi purpose use of having an activated charcoal has been a bonus.I use this product for a pre-tooth paste.Having it on hand for a possible poison event was a good addition to the prepper suppliesmedical kit.
Great at a restaurant, or visiting  still can enjoy most drinks.  Good Product.
Works great!!!!!!!!!
Got samples of this product before buying. Flavors are in par; can be used with milk or water. Product was as described and seller had it out ahead of schedule. Would use seller again and will continue to use the product
Got samples of this product before buying. Flavors are in par; can be used with milk or water. Product was as described and seller had it out ahead of schedule. Would use seller again and will continue to use the product
Got samples of this product before buying. Flavors are in par; can be used with milk or water. Product was as described and seller had it out ahead of schedule. Would use seller again and will continue to use the product
Love this product.  Doesn't leak and holds quite a large amount of product
I really love this.  It really cleans the feet--just like having a pedicure
Talc,There is nothing I have ever found that smoother and talc. This new stuff you buy with cornstarch is terrible. Thank you for the great product.
Much heavier plastic bottles then I have purchased before.
Doesn't seem to work any better than othercheaper products I have used It takes the paindown about half, but Doesn't seem to last longa couple of hrs at most. I  haven't had it long so we'll see how it goes. So far it's over priced.
It tasted good, but was quite expensive
These are very soft and comfortable. I have wide hands and did not feel any restriction wearing them. I was able to keep them on all night. The gloves and Ancient Greek Remedy Oil helped my winter beaten, cooking, cleaning hands in one night. Better than any daytime hand cream, that really doesn’t fix the damaged skin.
Great nail files!
Easy and fun to use for creating many unique hairstyles, so happy I bought this!
B;ought for my wife--I have not heard her say any thing negative about it so I guess she is happy.
It's Imperative to get your omega 3's.
Didn't use it long enough to give a fair review.
Good item. Well bulit.
Don't need anyone to scrub my back with this product.
I started to use them as samples from my doctor. When I ran out, I could not find them anywhere except here on Amazon. There is not one person I gave this to, that has not thanked me. It is the best for my stomach on all sorts of issues and best of all its not a drug. It took care of some issues I had for over 2 years and nothing else helped. You will never regret getting this and taking it for anything related to your stomach. You will always find relief. I have bought exstra and givn them away. I am grateful it helped my symptoms of torture. I call it the stomach anesthesia
My husband really likes these glasses. He has a pair at work, at home, and in each of our cars so he's always prepared!
I gotta say I was a little hesitant buying this. At the time, there wasn't very many reviews and I base ALOT of my buying on the reviews of others. But I took a chance. The price point was pretty good for the amount of items you get. Everything came nicely put in a recyclable box, no plastic anywhere which is a big plus. The bags are nice and sturdy, as I have had the set now for about 6 months I think and everything has held up really nicely except the bamboo eating utensils. First off, if you are not used to eating with bamboo, its a big change. After several washings of the utensils, they became rough and unusable. I actually had to toss them. Food smell would still be imbedded even after washing and it wasn't something I enjoyed. The spoon ended up getting little slivers of bamboo that would fall out in my mouth or in my food. Ummm ya, no thanks. The rest of everything is still going good. Straws are nice, easy to clean. Came with the straw cleaning brush too. Overall, I think this is a nice starter set. This would make a great gift to anyone slowing doing their part to save our planet from the gobs of plastic that is killing it.
Good product.
SHIPPING: R & L Carriers. &#62;&#62;&#62;Top Notch. --I was very concerned about this after reading some of the reviews here. Use the tracking number provided by Amazon on the R & L Carriers website. My chair arrived 5 days early. --Relax, they do call you the day before and a signature is required. I tipped the driver $20 to wheel the palletpackage into my garage for the night (He came at 7:00PM !) --Treat the man nice, and he'll probably do the same for you.  Just don't expect him to bring it into your house. --He's really not suppose to go further than the edge of your driveway (where you put your trash cans.)SETUP: The driver gave me some awesome advice. Leave the chair in the box when you bring it in the house. Yes, believe it or not, by doing it this way, I was able to get this 244 pound beast inside all by myself !!! The secret is to slide the box where it is possible and &#34;walk&#34; the box where it is not. For my 4 step porch, I laid down a plywood sheet for a temporary ramp. The shipping straps made excellent handles and your chair will have protection all the way to your man-cave. Try it.  --You can always resort to cutting the box open if it doesn't work out.ASSEMBLY: Again, some reviews had me nervous. No sweat. Take your time &#34;eyeballing&#34; it. The &#34;non-removable&#34; retainer clips were already installed on the posts.--Not suppose to be, but they were. To solve the Chinese puzzle: Gently insert a small flat blade screwdriver in the very middle, twist slightly, slip the clipretainer off the post GENTLY. (It may take you 3 hands, 5 minutes, or both). These are suppose to be one-shot retainers and they WILL break easily.--There were no spares. Next, get the leg assembly as close as possible. Connect the 3 color-coded pneumatic hoses and 1 electrical connection FIRST. (Moistenlube the air connection fittings, it will help.) Slip the leg assembly support rings on the posts one at a time, then re-install the retainer clips. The AC power and controller cables easily connect on the bottom back of the chair. --You're now ready for lift off.THE RIDE: Holy smokes... No buyer remorse here.  This thing WILL have you smiling.  Heaven on your back and kinky on your ass. --Another reviewer put it perfectly: &#34;It works your butt over like a Greek.&#34; WARNING: Do not use more than 20 minutes (5 minutes in one specific area.) Yes, you will be tempted to ride all day, but like a hot tub, be sensible and don't over do it. --ENJOY.
your feet will feel much better
What a foursome!!!! These reading glasses arrived well before their scheduled time.. Packaging- they were well secured. and pricing .. Wow!! Well .....what can I say, you really won't regret this purchase. When I looked inspected each one I discovered they are Ingeniously crafted and I am so appreciative.  Bravo!!!! Bravo!!!! Bravo!!!! Bravo!!!!
Battery life is very short and there is not enough torque to really get in there and clean. It went in the garbage after the Battery died and would not charge (2 weeks).
Works well.
Feels good in your hand and is light weight, but squeaks very badly on shower doors and does not make a clean sweep of the glass.  Is not worth the price they are asking.  Streeks really bad also if your lucky enough to actually get the water off the glass.
Frankly the price has kept me away from this purchase for years. Cant afford more than one....BUT put on the lamp we use the most, what a wonderful difference for arthritic fingers!  Now we can turn lamp onoff without pain.  So worth it.
Thank you
Have drunk Noni juice for 20 years, and this one tastes pretty good and is half the price of my usual brand.
High quality capsules !
....and it's about to expire.
I really like the eyelash curler but it's a bit pricy. I have very sparse eyelashes but like that this has a tension spring which helps to somewhat lengthen my eyelashes.
Reasonably priced and a great natural supplement to help ward off bad things.  Super fast shipping too!
good price. like them
The wax worked well.  My daughter's red Mustang is very shiny!
Need to make left side cradle larger to accept phones with protectors
This was easy to swallow.  Unfortunately, did nothing for me.
This inexpensive scale seemed to work OK for most of the first year after I bought it.  It tended to vary a bit from weigh to weigh, even within minutes, but seemed to be in the right ballpark.  It is attractive and very readable.  But then, at about the one year mark of ownership, the weight shown went out of whack, not by a huge amount, but by enough that I knew there was a problem.  I tried new batteries but that made no difference.  So I am throwing it away and have ordered a more highly rated and more expensive scale.  I'd like to get one that will last for years.UPDATE:  To my utter surprise, the company reached out to me shortly after I published the review above.  They processed an immediate and full refund to my credit card and have offered me a replacement scale.  I should have called them as soon as the problem developed, and I'm sure they would have replaced the scale then and there.
Love the Aria, it was easy setup and works great.
Ok product for covering eyes kind of small though.
["91419, This Pine essential oil is pricey to start with and after reading various views sided to purchase. "][" The scent is not pine and the oilliquid is clear as glass where the ad shows an Amber type coloring. "]["Obviously whose affiliate ads are the most convincing to Amazon customers has nothing to do with the product sold, will send back."]["Inaccurate advertising is not the customers (re)sponsibility it's the sellers, and when deciding to send back the product  the printing cost of a label with shipping cost is not the customers' (re)sponsibility. Full Stop."]
Great for your glasses TV cell phone and many other things when wanting to be sure there’s no oily residue on items
It works, but I would' buy it again.
Very practical for cleaning between your toes. It does the job well.  I hope they make a longer handle someday.  I bought three.  Recommended.
I love how they feel and help my persistent dry and splitting heels, however, I'm reacting with a rash to the silicone against my skin so I've turned the socks inside out to wear them and put my regular sock over the top so I can slip into my shoes easier and keep my feet warm in these winter months.
Works nicely!
The Reishi really seems to give me a boost in energy! It is somewhat bitter, however, 14 teaspoon in a cup of coffee and it really isn't that bad. I feel I am getting use to the bitterness. Given the research, I am willing to put up with the bitterness for the health benefits.
It's the real deal love it
I took this product to my physical therapist. She tried to put it on and had great difficulty. It did not fit. It does not go low enough to support the back as well as pull the shoulders back. One person alone would have difficulty. My therapist does not recommend this product nor do I. I returned the product. The feedback I received from the seller said they are made to not go lower as people have big bellies.My therapist said she does not recommend any type of device as they are too difficult for the user to put on especially one with pain.
Super Nice!EasyFastWow! Lotsa Compliments!!!!
We are enjoying this as a thickening agent, from pudding to finger jello.
Tasteless, does not whiten as I expected
US Organic 100% Pure Frankincense Essential Oil - USDA Certified Organic - 10 ml is the way to go when choosing essential oils.  I appreciate the quality for the price, so many of my friends are very into the 'name brand' oils which I am sure have their benefits however I can't afford them and you only get the tiny little bottles. I was able to purchase this larger size bottle for more than half of what it would have cost to order thru their company.The amazing amount of health benefits that come with purchasing US Organic 100% Pure Frankincense Essential Oil - USDA Certified Organic are shocking, I have listed some of them below.1. Stress Relieving Bath-Soak2. Natural Household Cleaner3. Natural Hygiene Product4. Anti-Aging & Wrinkle Fighter5. Relieves Symptoms of Indigestion6. Scar, Wound, Stretch Mark or Acne Remedy7. Natural Cold or Flu Medicine8. Helps Relieve Inflammation and PainI was given a discount for  received this product for free under the conditions that I give my honest review. My review is unbiased, as I try to list the pros and any cons. I like to review all products that I purchase and only desire to give helpful information to others, as I rely on others reviews before making my purchases. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. If you found this review helpful please click yes.
Bought this for my Mother (93), because it was less expensive than another Collagen powder product she was using.She didn't like how it would not dissolve completely in the 'not steaming hot' coffee they serve at her SNF, so she sent it home with me and has stuck with her original brand.She also showed me how it would leave clumps, when she stirred it into her juices.I can't waste it, so I have been putting it on my two GSDs food, hoping they can get some use out of it.
Great little roller balls, and I love the color.
Seriously, a shoe horn!  What's so special about this?  First, not only can you not find these in any brick and mortar store, when I asked the sales people if they had a shoe horn, they looked at me like I had 3 heads!  Thankfully, I found this on Amazon and I must say, the is the most amazing shoe horn ever!  I have used shoe horns for years and my roommate said she wanted to get one, so I bought her this one.  But now I'm buying more for friends and family members because this is such a useful and well-made product!  The handle extends to the point where I don't even have to bend over at all (I'm 5'4") and the part you put your heel on is very comfortable and helps your feet slip into your shoes like "butta" (butter...LOL!)  Seriously, this is an amazing product!  Buy it!!!
I have been using this for almost 10 years now.  I love it.  Just wish the price would be more reasonable.  It's terribly expensive for such a small amount.
I have been using this product for 8 years.  It is the best shave cream on the planet!
It doesn't work as fast as CRAMP 911, but that product costs so much more per ounce this is by far the best value, you just have to endure the pain a little longer for this to work reminding yourself it got you a better price.
This solved my metatarsal arch ache but broke after 2 weeks....
I appreciate this item!! I need these Gloves to do my limited shopping and other activities  such  paying my bills by going to the Post Office!!  Amazon thank you for listing this item in your inventory!!
