1. Have drunk Noni juice for 20 years, and this one tastes pretty good and is half the price of my usual brand.
2. Does not work on thick hair
3. Gave you 12 year old granddaughter. She loves it.
4. This works
5. The best analgesic gel by far that contains no waxes or parabens. Caspian based ointment works better, but you have to scrub your hands thoroughly after use, but as a regular user of these ointments I can tell you the new Pro formula has put ZIM as the king of the mountain for neuropathy.
6. Packaged well. It's a Jingao brand, whatever that is. I like the design, not too big, not too small. It comes with an adjustable blade cover, which is thoughtful. I took it off because the area left open to actually shave wasn't very big. I love the fact that it's corded, and has an indicator light when it's plugged in. It did not get hot. The big complaint is that it's not as powerful as it should be. It took too many passes to clean up my mitts. The price is right, but the power isnt.
7. LOVE anything that gets me out of the bathroom quicker. Allergic to most cleansers and while I still have to use them with this, I'm not up close and personal and I'm done a lot quicker.
8. Let me start off by saying that Aneros doesn't make butt plugs....these are very well engineered prostate stimulators .....and are a great way to get started
9. I bought this for my great niece for the next time she stays overnight with me.  We haven't opened this yet, but looks like it was described.
10. MUST HAVE with 6 months old messy eater. It removes pumpkin, butternut squash and carrot stains if sprayed onto the article of clothing as long as it is fresh and wash it after 10 mins letting it soak in. Since I have to do laundry with my 6 months old messy eater it really became a must have in our household. On the bibs (white) I did not use this product on the stains are horrendous. Definitely recommend.
11. This has been a life saver,  I can't say enough good things.
12. Better choices out there. Blade isn't steel, starting to rust after a while. No power to cut dense beards.
13. I'm not really a fan of this. Some say it works great, I didn't think so. I even tried using it during a hot shower so that my pores would be open. Not really impressed, but I'll try again and if it ends up working better I'll update my review.
14. My sister ordered this for my niece's bridal shower and was very happy with the purchase.  everyone liked the decorations
15. These were okay. A bit smaller than I thought, but still fit well.  I deducted a star because the frame cracked and the lens fell out of one pair.  It was unusual since they had not dropped or been jarred.Update Aug 1, 2015Not happy that the arms broke on most 46. These would be nice if extra screws were included.
16. They work!
17. This is a decent, but not outstanding probiotic supplement. It contains only 4 strains (3 Lactobacillus strains and one Bifidobacterium strain) which is on the low end. More significantly, it does not indicate on the ingredients how much of each strain is in the mix. That's a notable shortcoming since it could be heavily weighed on just one strain.The capsules themselves are easy to swallow. The dosage is 2 caps per serving. Thus, the claimed 40 billion CFU potency applies to using 2 caps per day. Each cap has a potency of 20 billion CFUs, making this on the high end of the price scale when you compare it with how long it will last.  The bottle states that the potency listed is at the time of manufacture (which is the usual situation) and that the potency should remain at at least 10 billion CFU per cap prior to the best-by date (which for a bottle received in June 2020 is Aug 2021).It works as well as other probiotics for me. I've not experienced any significant side effects, such as gas or bloating. However, when taking all factors into consideration, it's just an average (3 star) product. The use of only 4 strains, not providing concentration levels for the strains, and requiring 2 caps to hit the claimed 40 billion CFU potency make this only an average value compared with other probiotics.
18. I was looking for something different for the heart burn. Has really good flavors. Good value for the money.
19. I bought this on a whim.  I have been to the ENT and she advised me should would not ablate the crypts causing the tonsil stones.  She suggested a waterpik with some special tip.  I have a waterpik but this doesn't work that well to get the stones removed.  The Tonsil Stone Removal Tool with LED is really a blessing.  If you have tonsil stones that drive you nuts, this is the tool for you!
20. Instant relief when putting these on. I am glad I purchased this as the amount of money a solution like this provides is substantial! (Dermatologists aren't cheap!)
21. Health and nutrients wise, this drink is very good. The label offers wealth of information on what benefits my body will receive were I to consume in on daily basis. It goes down easy and smooth, has light texture but it has a certain medicinal aftertaste like when you take pills and they slide down your throat and leave slight unpleasant aftertaste - that's how it feels immediately after drinking it. It goes away pretty fast, and the health benefits certainly outweigh this little inconvenience, but for some it's a big deal. So be in the know. I like it fine.
22. You must constantly reapply
23. Awesome quality! I add to smoothies and it blends without clumping. Smells and looks fresh. After unpacking, I noticed the inner seal had come undone just a little causing some product to poof out. I didn’t detect any off-scent though.
24. While this didnt seat on my walker bars well, it worked great for picking things up.I got the 26 inch one because the 36 in. one picked up good but it was a long reach to grab what I picked up. This one is perfect! It is a very sturdy piece of material especially the grabbing fingers. There is a rubber coating so what you pick up, doesnt slip out.
25. this stuff really works
26. These barely fit my ear. Way too small. For the same price you can get a few dozen disposable ones that fit into the shape of your ear canal - those seem like lower risk than this (and I ended up getting those too). Wouldn't recommend these as a one size fits all. Which it seems like is their approach.
27. i don't really have anything to compare this to, my first foray into protein powders, i wanted something simple, no funky chemical engineering or mystery ingredients. this fit the bill.
28. It's too flimsy.  It doesn't work well for items that need a good scrubbing.  I wouldn't recommend.
29. Horrible quality. It’s so cheaply made and flimsy. I would not pay $10 for this. Dollar store quality.
30. like most people in the Northeast I need to supplement vitamin D. Winters are long, dark and dreary and the lack of sun takes actoll. This is a satisfactory supplement. The pills are small and easy to swallow. One tablet a day contains 5000ius of Vitamin D. I have had no negative side effects. Goid supplement.
31. Don't waste your money. It worked well for a month and stopped and my window to return has expired.
32. This was not a satisfactory substitute for the Pilates &#34;half barrel&#34;, so I sent it back.
33. I put this filter near a litter box, and it definitely took care of the odor. However, it was incredibly loud for its size. I have since unplugged it.
34. Very high quality, easy to use.
35. Fast charge.  Best all around charger for the money
36. This chair is not intended for all day use.  This far after only 4 mos is it loose where the seat meets the base. The cushions are now flat and it now requires a pillow on the back and the seat.  Save your money and biy a real chair
37. Liked everything but the chain seems cheap.
38. I've tried many prebiotics and this is one of the best. It tastes pretty good with a kind of tangy flavor which compliments oatmeal, soup, salad, sauces, etc. Now for the gross part: immediately the stool size is larger, and it smells stronger, which indicates more butyrate is being made which is why this is the best prebiotic blend. Makes less gas than inulin prebiotics.
39. Very quick delivery. Flavor is really good.
40. This is an after market.  Blades are great and work just as good as the original.  Problem is the little blue things that hold the blade and blade cover in place are super fragile and break easily.  this is cheaper than replacing the blades, but the casing is not worth it.
41. My bottom is RAW!!! These wipes took the skin off my bottom! After only using them for a week I had a bloody bottom. I would NEVER use these on a child or baby. These are TERRIBLE!
42. I needed something to help with odor control in a small room containing a cat box.  This is the only one I have tried that isn’t overwhelming, is truly pleasant and conceals the odor effectively.
43. Some reviews said the sleeve was open ended on both ends. The one that shipped was only open on one end. That makes it hard to dry after cleaning. I have to make sure to rinse it well after cleaning and then air dry it on a wire rack (like the top rack of the dishwasher). As with any personal product be sure to use approved cleaners and antimicrobials. Other than that, it's a great product for these Covid times. As for realism, it's a bit more "enhanced" texture wise, for some really good sessions.
44. My daughter is petite. The elastic on the top of the anklefoot was too tight for her and seems uncomfortable. The shoes were made well otherwise, but this seems a design flaw that can't be overlooked. We don't put these cute shoes on her because of this.
45. I love this because it has no scent at all and it works very well to clean with! Works great for countertops, floor spills, bathtub, sink- I've used it on many surfaces and it works great on all of them!
46. I like the fit and it soes stabilize the knee. I was not pleased about the supportive lines down the sides. I want one to sleep in because I tend to overextend my knee and reinjure at night. I can't wear this sleeve that many hours before it digs into my leg and causes pain.
47. This weekend I had 4 sheep sheared with this unit. It worked out very well! Since the sheep had not been sheared for over two years, this unit really cut through the wool nicely. We would take a break periodically to allow the unit to cool down, but it got the job done nicely! I got the unit from ebay for 53 dollars, and I am very pleased as to how well it worked.
48. It's great
49. Love this item
50. didn't see much difference from using the Skin-So-Soft and this product.  I will just use the Skin-So-Soft in the future.
51. Work fine.  Comfortable and a good size.  My only problem is getting them symmetrically placed.
52. Mint flavor is nice and not overpowering. I love the toothbrush that comes with it. Great buy!
53. My daughter came over, saw it and told me to put this away, she has a feeling we will need it. Two vibes for the same item. So, even though I don't need it right now, I am keeping it until either me or someone in my family needs this. It is better to have this and not need it than to need it and not have it.
54. The gloves are thin and comfortable to wear. The palms have grips strips so if you’re wearing when biking or during any sort of activity, you don’t have to worry about losing your grip. I ordered a medium and probably should have gotten a small. They are a little big on me and I think I’d prefer more compression to help with the stiffness in my fingers. I spend the majority of my day working on the computer and I’ve been wearing these while I work without issue. Others I’ve tried have been heavier and have interfered with typing. They provide some comfort, but as stated, I think tighter is better, so if you’re on the fence, order a size down.
55. Well, I was not happy with this one.A large clipper and small clipper come packaged in a yellow tin. Presentation is about all this set has.There is a nice emery-type file on the back of the clipper. But the reason I do not like them is that they are not sharp, and don't cut the nail. Maybe I received a bad set. If so, they have quality-control issues. But I tried trimming a spot on one of my fingernails. It just chewed on it, never actually cutting it. I had to get out my own clippers and cut that nail shorter than I wanted to just to get rid of the snaggy spot these clippers created.Sorry, I cannot recommend these at any price.
56. Very stiff.  No absorbency.
57. These are amazing.  Strong, large, wet.  If nothing else, they’re a popular curiosity with young & old
58. Zero flavor and has made my nails grow thick and strong and I've never had good nails before. I mix it into my matcha latte every morning and it doesn't affect the taste or texture at all.
59. If you want to stay healthy without vaccines the TF will do it.  I have taken it faithfully for years and would not be without it. People around me get the flu, get colds, get shingles, etc. while I stay well.  This supports the immune that God endowed us with.  Much less expensive than doctor bills.
60. I use these as a veterinarian for cutting pig tusks. These wires are sharp but no matter the brand or price, they are extremely finicky. They do NOT like to be kinked, bent, or handled roughly. A tiny kink will quickly fray or snapbreak completely. When doing multiple 300 lb plus angry pot belly pigs, speed is of the essence and I really have to baby these things- can't stuff them in a pocket, through them in a carrier bag or box with other things. I've already been down to my last one and it had snapped twice leaving me with about 5 inches of length and it was fraying before my eyes as I tried to finish my last tusk.They cut through tusks and casts beautifully. The handle hooks are comfortable but useless once you let go, they don't stay onin the loops, I prefer locking wrenches or even needle noses but again, you can't leave them on and set them and the wire down as any bending of the wire will cause breakage.
61. It’s a gift for a relative. It comes in a nice giftable box. The ribbon needs to be tied. It’s larger than I was expecting, which was a pleasant surprise, but the quality is as expected.
62. Good but not great, price was fair.
63. As you can see by my pic that the wrap only wraps the neck.  I was hoping it would come around the shoulders as pictured, but it doesn’t.  It’s very nice for the neck though.  The velcro on the cover is extremely strong and gets stuck on other parts of the wrap if you are not careful when opening it, not a big deal, just tricky.  I like that it does Velcro fasten around the neck, no slipping off.  It stays warm longer than the one I currently have which is a huge plus.  I would give this a 9 for sure, only because I wish it came down more around back at the trap and top of shoulder, I have a pinched nerve there!
64. This stuff is not real Norwex and is a horrible product --and it actually costs MORE than real Norwex.
65. Green one ripped within 2 weeks with semi-regular use (about 5x per week) and the white one within a month (used once per day). They do deliver a decent scrub, but I'm not happy with the longevity.
66. Very tasty! Not a big fan of the Chocolate Cream flavor, it was just okay but the Peanut Nutter is awesome. Looking forward to trying other flavors! The texture is soft and I love that these are low-carb and low-sugar but still taste like a guilty treat. Very convenient to have around - keep a few at my desk in case I can't get away for lunch break or need something to get me through that second half of the day. Not recommending them as a meal replacement, of course, but they've been handy when life gets busy!
67. Does the job!
68. It has been a long time since I've worn heels on a regular basis.  I have recently been making more of an effort and have a new pair that are reasonably comfortable but take some getting used to.  I put in these soft pad inserts and it makes a huge difference.  It's important to have some space as the pads do take a little space but it is worth it.  They cover a good portion of the foot pad and move, adjust to your feet as you stand and walk. This really does make it easier to wear the heels for hours. I plan to get a set for my mother.
69. Love it! It's very attractive and fits well! Don't know about the magnetic therapy part yet--so i can't say about that part of it.
70. I bought this because it claimed to be organic and contain organic ingredients, but absolutely NOTHING on the bottle label supports those claims. The labeling shown in the ad that references organic is not any part of the product label. The narrative calls this organic bubble bath. Sadly, it doesn’t appear to be. Either the product descriptions need to be corrected or the product label does. This was a lot to pay for non organic bubble bath.
71. anyone who feels like they need a nap after eating. This will stop the blood spikes and replace the chromium and amino acids that your body has lost during the day. You will have a more balanced blood sugar level if you drink one of these with each meal. Of course, I am still drinking my coffee, haven't had any meals and it is going on 4pm. I will definitely need one of these in a couple of hours when I eat.
72. Or ear muffs. I find them both impossible to use at night, especially with my cpap. This is an item that I will be donating to charity. I am sure they will find someone who needs the warmth of the ear muffs and likes the sleep mask. Just not for me.
73. I did not find that these forearm sleeves had compression. They were very loose and baggy on my forearms. Might be better for a bigger arm, but for me not useful and I had to return.
74. My whole family likes these. They have great battery life and make your teeth feel soooo clean!
75. These bags are perfect for anything you need them for. I use them in my shop and add my own stickers and they look awesome and I am able to put so much inside of them. They are awesome and I am very happy with them.
76. Seems to work pretty well. Little louder than I expected.
77. I was a little disappointed in the fact that the ads didn't say that there is no stopper in the top to prevent spills. I would have preferred that there was a stopper in it.
78. Bought for a Christmas gift very well received and shipped and fashionable manner  Now after 6 months of lite use they are wore out, the glass In the middle of files has worn off,  evidently cheap!!
79. A really nice scale that compliments the fit bit flex, I purchased a few weeks prior. I tested it by comparing the reading to the expensive scales at the gym, and it was right on.
80. I misunderstood what these were. I thought they were pre-moistened disposable wipes. However, these are DRY wipes that have to be wet. They are very strong and remind me of an everlasting paper towel. The problem is that I use paper towels or wet wipes to clean that are more disposable and can be thrown away after the initial use. I feel bad throwing these away and am not too keen on rinsing out litter pan gravel, lots of dust, and floor debris down the drain in order to reuse these.As can be seen in my photos, I used this to clean up litter pan dust. For this test, I did rinse it out and reused it again. I actually felt guilty throwing away the one wipe I used because it really is not very disposable.Obviously these have a purpose in situations where one wants to use a wipe like a rag that gets reused over and over again. For those purposes, these are perfect. However, I have an aversion to rinsing dust, debris, and grease down the drain and prefer to use paper towels instead. Therefore, I might re-purpose these to wash my dishes instead of using the cloth Handi Wipes.I was thinking these might work in a kennel but who wants to wash the wipe and re-use it after picking up animal waste and stuff. Currently there is no price listed but I suspect these will be costly.UPDATE - I've been using these for six months now and each wipe lasts me two weeks. It will take me forever to use all 300. I use them to clean my sink and wipe down my countertops several times per day. As as a result, I raised my ranking from 3 to 5 stars simply because they last very long.
81. These Sanyos are the most consistently performing rechargeables on the market.  Fast cycle recharge (I use a digital Maha), hold a charge when lying idle for many months, and have a discharge life almost as long as an alkaline (maybe 80% as long, by non-scientific observation).  Not cheap, but you'll love them if you have a digital charger.
82. Cute and nice bargain.
83. I love the idea of plastic lids for my mason jars.  I use my mason jars all the time, but the majority of the time it is not for canning.  I use them for storage and homemade refrigerator jams, pickles or homemade scrubs and lotions.  The bad thing about metal lids or canning rings is that they tend to rust.  Plastic doesn't rust!When I use my homemade scrubs in the shower, the metal lids get rusty, these will not do that.  If I take a metal lid off and lay it on the shelf in the shower but forget to put it back on the lid, it will leave rust marks on my shower stall shelf, these do not.I can see so many uses for these lids.  Great product!I received this product at a reduced rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
84. Instead of receiving the white set as shown in the photo, I received the black ones which comes apart in the middle.  The manufacturing is bad, as the wires are easily pulled apart at the slightest snag.  I had received two of these within 2 months.  Could use a stronger wire build.
85. It’s amazing this fish oil is traceable back to the fishery it came from.  My doctor said taking 1000 mg daily should be enough for me. This is my first experience using this product and so far my impression from reading about the company is they are extremely sensitive to recycled plastics and saving the environment. I didn't have any side effects after taking this fish oil. Digestion is most always an issue today with foods as many are just that, indigestible. I like this product’s ingredients are and they appear to be one of the highest quality fish oils on the market. I started one before eating. I may up the dose by one in the evening and if any changes occur will update later.  So far nothing to complain about and the product deserves 5 stars.
86. Doesn’t get hot enough & I’m a wimp with heat.
87. I like this product.I recommended 100% percent.Really works
88. We use these heel pads for all new leather shoes until we have broken them in.  It literally prevents the tough leather digging into your ankle and often creating a bleed. They last a long time, and grips well onto any shoe.  It has become a must for us at home. Not dealing with a bleeding and painful ankle joint again!
89. perfect for desert on those romantic dinners
90. This degreaser is as described ! Very happy with the purchase.
91. I have small ears and this type of earphone is the only type that stays in and is comfortable. I lost my $60 pair, so I tried these as a replacement. I am very happy with my purchase. They are easy to pair and easy to use.
92. This is a good deal and a great product…
93. Very disappointed in this product. Not rigid enough. Save your money and buy a horn without the spring.
94. ["91419, This Pine essential oil is pricey to start with and after reading various views sided to purchase. "][" The scent is not pine and the oilliquid is clear as glass where the ad shows an Amber type coloring. "]["Obviously whose affiliate ads are the most convincing to Amazon customers has nothing to do with the product sold, will send back."]["Inaccurate advertising is not the customers (re)sponsibility it's the sellers, and when deciding to send back the product  the printing cost of a label with shipping cost is not the customers' (re)sponsibility. Full Stop."]
95. this is the worse tasting thing I have ever put it my mouth. I couldn't stand it and threw it away.
96. The scent is initially very strong but as you put it in the drawers it decreases to a goo scent. I love the lavender smell so this is the product for me. If you do not like lavender do not buy.
97. Great system helped me organize dad's pills for a month at a time.
98. My husband loves these!
99. These inserts are exactly the correct height and I wear them almost every day. Wish i had found them sooner.
100. Quality was good. Thanks
101. Have bounced around a decent amount of collagen powders and we have our favorites.  THIS one just does NOT have a good rich flavor. It is kind of bitter actually.Our favorite in the chocolate category is: "KetoLogic Grass-fed Keto Collagen Powder" ... that one is like drinking hot chocolate.  THIS one is just bleh.  My husband said it was just "alright" ... so edible but nothing special.  Was so jazzed to try another chocolate collagen powder sweetened with monkfruit.  We have been on a clean keto for 2.5 years and love collagen powder in our coffee.  THIS powder, I would not repurchase.  We will go back to Ketologic when we want a chocolatey kick.
102. One side where the the plug is heats up a little just around that area but noheating on largest part across the back or on the right side attachment…..soyou have to sit near the plug outlet and hold it up to the area you need and allareas are cold…it’s totally crazy and 100% ripoff….it’s so bad I don’t feel right giving it to Goodwill
103. I love them, they’re so nice I bought them twice
104. As many of you know, elephant exchanges can get intense. This product right here kept everyone on their toes to get it. Awesome gift.
105. I recommend this product.
106. It holds cards but doesn't revolve. The whole tray slides around. Disappointed.
107. Yes there pills
108. so pretty easy to use and interesting to see
109. I am working n a home disaster survival kit x2. This came on time and exactly as advertised. Very happy with this Item. These are actually better than the clips that originally come with the ace bandages.
110. These were better than nothing but not that great. There was not a lot of lathering. One major problem is you have to make sure your hands are dry when you go to pick one of the sheets up. If not, you got a bunch all at one time. I was hoping this was going to be the answer when traveling, but it was probably a one time purchase. Regular bar of soap did better for us.
111. I got one of these temporary sunglasses from my eye doctor. I am tired of buying clip on sunglasses just to have them get scratched or broken. These work great, and when one is scratched up, I’ll throw it and grab a new one. Perfect.
112. I'm impressed with the quality of these microfiber cloths given the price. The cloth is thick, sturdy and well-made. There were no loose threads or pulled out areas, and the hem stitching is very well done. The thickness is especially important for performance since thicker cloths are able to hold more liquid, plus do a better job on high gloss areas such as tile, appliances and windows.  These are much better quality than I expected them to be.The only downside is the size. Each cloth is just shy of 12 inches square. That's decent, but a bit larger (such as 14 inches square) would make them even more useful. As they are, I often have to use two where I normally would use one larger microfiber cloth.They launder well. As with any microfiber cloth, it's better to let them air dry (a very quick process) rather than put them in the dryer. If they are machine dried, it's essential to not use a fabric softener sheet (nor use fabric softener in the wash) since that coats and gums up the microfibers, making them less absorbent and less able to trap and hold dirt.If these were larger they would be a solid 5 stars. As-is, they are 4.5 stars. I'll round up to 5 since, for the price, I've not come across as good of a quality microfiber cloths as these. Very pleased with the performance.
113. Little to no taste or texture. But had me up all night. I could not sleep until 6am. I tend to sleep about 2am. But I wanted to start sleeping sooner. I took it about 11pm. Just did not sleep at all. Maybe it will work good for you. Absolutely didn't work at all for me.
114. Well I don't think I will need something like this, until I broke my CPU cooler and had to try to fix it and finally to replace it.Remove the old thermal paste is a pain, you end up making a mess because that thing sticks to everything, so with that bad experience I decided to give a chance to this products and they exceed my expectations by far.Is really simple to use and way too effective, just a few drops over the processor, 30 minutes after use a soft cloth to clean and that was it, repeated the process with the old CPU cooler I have to replace and it looks also great.So if you plan to change your CPU cooler, is a good idea to have something like this to clean up the old thermal paste from the Processor and the CPU Cooler.
115. My wife loves those.Thank you very much.
116. Finally - compression socks that don’t look medical!!These socks are great.I have size 8.5 feet so I am between sizes.I got the ML size and I think I could have gone with the SM size and they would have fit as well.The ML size fit me well but aren’t as compressing as they would be if I’d gone with SM.These socks come up to right below my knee. They don’t slide down.The foot area is roomy and not tight - which I appreciate.The pattern is adorable. The hearts do fade out as they get stretched.
117. Absolutely theeee best eye glass cleaner.  It smells a little strange.  But boy does it work.  How do they figure this stuff out ?
118. Pros:Easy to setupNice steamMy face feels great after useCons:Cannot think of any !!!
119. Very effective pain relief patch. I mainly use it on my knees.
120. I love this brand and this ointment. It's light and when I put it on my skin it does not feel like a heavy coating that regular Vaseline gives. I do not feel it at all. It soothes dry cracked skin immediately. It has a very pleasant either flowery scent, very warm. I can't really say what flower but I love it, it's very subtle. It does not dry fast though, so it's best to apply in the evening when all the chores are done. It has a very soothing effect on skin. I recommend it as a first quick relief treatment. Active ingredients are Lanolin 15.5% and Petrolatum 53.4%. You need to make sure you are do not have adverse reaction to them. This is not a pain reducing ointment or even disinfecting one, it simply provides small relief and makes skin soft and supple. Great for cracked skin. My knuckles get red, dry and raw in winter, and this ointment is a perfect solution for me.
121. Adorable. Not absorbent at all. This product is an underwear for looks. Very cute on. And good for letting those areas down there breathe. If you dont want mess or leaks, put over diaper for cute look. Nice and big....my son is three, still potty training and its roomy on him. Hes around 35 pds
122. Much heavier plastic bottles then I have purchased before.
123. I'm wearing a cast for 8 weeks post op for ankle surgery and using a knee walker. These are terrific for not having to leave the bed during the night time. The top seal works well. Recommend getting your preferred aromatic spray cleaner in a bottle so you can rinse with something to get rid of the urine aroma when not in use during the day.
124. I was sad that I had to send these back because I liked the size and design very much.  Unfortunately these would hardly cut the dogs hair.  I had to press against the fur too hard to get the blade to cut.  Acted like a dull blade, ?  Noisier than my last trimmer. Maybe I just got a bad set ?
125. Baby wipes sure have improved since I used them on my daughter who is now an adult.  Many options are available now and there are noticeable differences among the offerings in the marketplace.  I prefer the  because I like the unscented variety, but these are very similar in form and function.  Having a powdery like scent, I imagine that these would remove lingering odors from the wiped body part and that's a good thing in many cases.  The wipe texture is similar but I think the  are a little moister than the Natural Clear wipes.  In any case, both of these Pampers products are outstanding and I'm sold on replacing the generic and store brands I've been buying for many years.  Wipes are usable for so many purposes other than baby's bottoms.  I use them for removing makeup in a professional setting and use them daily for my dog's face and legs.  I tend to use the unscented variety for people with sensitivities but doubt that these will react with most people.  Nevertheless, it's nice to have both options available right now.  As with the other Pampers wipes, these are packaged in an attractive and lightweight plastic with a sturdy heavier plastic cap that's easy to open and close.  It seals very well and I expect especially in this variety that the wipes will remain moist unless they are uncapped or kept in heat for an extended period of time.Despite Amazon's image showing a package labeled as containing 192 wipes and packages of 72 wipes each, these do indeed contain 64 nice sized wipes in each package.  I like these, too, and look forward to having a baby around here soon on which to use these as well.
126. Love this blend.  A word of caution, it is MUCH sweeter than sugar.  So you can't swap it 1 for 1.  But my 1lb bag lasts quite awhile.  As far as low glycemic sweeteners go, this is my favorite for baking and making iced teas.
127. I really love this.  It really cleans the feet--just like having a pedicure
128. These glasses are made for hardcore use.I have a ten year old son. Oh my lord what a kid, has the energy of five of them, never quiet, never standing still, allways moving, running, jumping, skating, baseball. Really? What is happening with this kid. These glasses have passed all tests, the only one missing is fire (and i really dont think it can survive that), but really satisfied with Miraflex.This is the second pair of glasses, the first one got lost as my kid didnt have glasses before he lost then the next month of purchase, so it doesnt count for me.Really, buy with confidence
129. I've gotten this lol from this brand before and love it. I use it on my face as my sole product, and my skin is radiant.This time, though, the product is unsatisfactory. It smells and looks like rancid almond oil. It does not have the color or smell of pumpkin seed oil in the least.
130. I really like this pill crusher. It also has two storage compartments to store either pills or crushed medicine and a very nice pill splitter that adjusts for various sizes and shapes of pills.
131. I love everything about this oil, for the scent, & moisturize it does on my skin.
132. I was having a significant pain in the balls of my feet, and these stick pads have been extremely helpful in reducing the pain and pressure in my foot. Would recommend!
133. Couldn't find the liquid version of this anywhere in stores. I was SO glad to finally find it here on amazon. Nothing takes out the itch of poison ivy or bug bites like this does. Will order again when I near running out.
134. I was entering my weight manually with my new Flex, so I bought this, and it makes everything so much easier.  Instantly wirelessly communicates with Fitbit apps on computer, iPhone, and iPads.  Pricey, but very accurate.
135. I was using a different brand of strips which I can no longer find on Amazon....they worked amazing..Decided to try these and all I can say is “meh”They’re okay but not great. Def don’t work like the other ones I had. I won’t re order.... I’ll be trying some other brands.
136. Envelopes are just disgusting to lick and most seem to be losing their original gum anyway, so I use this glue tape instead. It is like and ultra-thin layer of double sided tape with one benefit. Do you get find you applied too much glue and it was outside the area needed? This stuff rolls right up and doesn't leave a mark.Great for the office, letter writers, scrap booking and paper arts. I highly recommend.
137. Got these socks for my mom for Christmas as a stocking stuffer and it’s been almost 6 months she’s had them and she still wears them all the time around the house. They’re still soft and cute even after being washed quite a lot.
138. I got this for my daughter's nebulizer and all the stuff that goes with it. The stuff barely fits inside using both side pockets and I thought it would all fit in the main compartment. I only got one lock because I thought this we have 2 toddlers who keep messing with the stuff so that's why we got the bag and the lock. I can get another lock but when I get a refill on her meds it won't all fit no matter what I do. The picture is misleading and the bag smaller than you think it will be.
139. This works better than the more expensive drops, I don't know why it just does...I only add these drops per serving of whatever I am eatdrinking right then.For myself, there is a certain number of drops per cup in coffee in a serving of that it will &#34;cancel&#34; out the caffeine, I don't go over 3 drops per 32 oz cup coffee in morning coffee. I can not taste these drops in anything-hot beverages, silk milk, ice tea (grnblk), fruit juices, waters, soups, stews- it &#34;smooths out&#34; alka seltzer plus, soda pop and mixed drinksliquor; there is still a good amount of the fizz...just removes the harshness- the &#34;edge.&#34; I keep this squeeze bottle on my kitchen counter.There is much info that comes with this purchase on the box, etc.
140. This is a decent cooling muscle rub. It's a roll-on, so it's easy to apply even on areas such as my lower back. It's far less messy than the creamslotion formats. It goes on wet but soaks in fairly well, and doesn't leave a greasy residue behind, which is a major plus.The scent is menthol and, while it's clearly noticeable, it's not as strong as other menthol-based rubs I've used. It has more of a mintymenthol scent than a strong menthol-only scent. I would stop short of calling it an enjoyable scent, but it's at least non-offensive.The cooling performance is light but still effective. It takes a few minutes to build up the cooling. The cooling is not as strong or long-lasting as others -- I find that I need to re-apply this more often than other options.. Still, the lack of greasiness, lower odor, and the ease of application balance that out.The addition of hemp seed oil doesn't make a noticeable difference compared with formulations that lack hemp seed oil. That's to be expected since it does not contain CBD, but rather just hemp seed oil. It seems more like a marketing strategy to capitalize on the hemp trend (and justify a higher price) rather than an addition that actually impacts efficacy.The scent, ease of use, and non-greasy nature are all 5 stars; the cooling impact is 4 stars; the pricevalue is 3 stars. Overall rating of 4 stars.
141. Don't waste your money
142. Good item. Well bulit.
143. I can't even lie down without it slipping around my head, unless you're bald I can't imagine this staying on WHILE you're sleeping. Also, crushes my lip piercing so bad I have to take it out, not sure why it comes so high onto my face while doing so poorly and not being comfortable
144. I bought these replacement mineral heads to replace the dulling ones on my ENJI Happy Care callus remover. They fit my callus remover perfectly and can be put on and removed with no problem whatsoever. These new rollers work perfectly and did an excellent job at removing the calluses on my feet.
145. Excellent space saving footrest for shaving! Our shower is small so this fit the bill! Highly recommended
146. Electric Razor for Women,Electric Shaver for Women Legs Underarm ,Cordless Portable IPX7 Waterproof Wet and Dry Body Hair Removal, Aloe Strips for Painless Shaving,Type-C USB Recharge is a very average shaver. The things I like: It’s lightweight, can use wet or dry, comes with a type C charging port and cable, has a storage bag and cleaning brush and it doesn’t pull on hair like many electric shavers do. The things I don’t like: The big size and sideways facing shaver head is awkward and bulky, the lubricating strip is dry, so I need to use my own lubricant on my skin and the blades don’t give a close shave. This all adds up to a very average electric shaver, but not getting a close shave and being very awkward for me to use are two big negatives, so this shaver gets 2 STARS.
147. I only give this product 4 stars because it has to be something that really blows my socks off to get all 5 stars. I've been using this product for a  few years and I am happy with it. It is marketed for the body builders but this is not why I take them. I have been diagnosed with Maj. Depression and have been looking for alternatives and holistic methods of treating it rather than pharmaceutical psych meds. After taking a college course on genetics which taught me how the body uses DNA, amino acids, and proteins and where they came from I decided to supplement my lunch bag on the go diet (I'm a working student) with amino acids. I noticed a difference in my depression levels after about one month and the improvement has been sustained for a little over three years wo the unwanted side effects of psych meds. I have looked but have been unable to find any good research on the use of amino acids to treat mental illness or possible side effects to taking large doses long term. With other life management  practices including outdoor cardio I have found this product very helpful with treating my depression.As far as building muscles, I can't really say. I do go to gym 4x days a week and perform 30 min of cardio and 30-45min resistance training and I mountain bike 2x weekly. I don't exercise to get big. I hit the gym to be a better biker and to manage weight gain. I also use other diet supplements. I used these for depression before the exercise routine. Since beginning exercise routine along with proper diet I have notice a difference in the gym but this can also be greatly due to technique. If your going for big I suppose they would work as well as any other protein product. The product I  like better though is Athlean-Rx. IT's a product produced by a guy name Jeff Cavalier who used to be the strength coach for the New York Mets. You can check out his web site at www.Athleen-x.com or look for him on YouTube.
148. I used this after I dislocated my shoulder and double tore the labrum in my shoulder. This was great to make sure my shoulder didn't dislocate again and provided additional comfort and protection.
149. I just turned fifty recently and have been taking multi-vitamins for the last several years. This one is a large, &#34;horse pill&#34; type vitamin, but I haven't had any problems swallowing them. They don't upset my stomach nor do they cause my urine to be bright yellow. I love that it comes with enough servings for about two months. I have noticed that I am not as tired in the afternoons as I usually am which I am attributing to these. They seem to be a good, basic vitamin.
150. These capsules work very well when taken at night and in the morning on an empty stomach.
151. I usually take biotin and ran out.Thought this would be the same  taking these.This has allot of other vitamins in it that I take separate, but the other vitamins In thisAre not strong enough ! Same problem with taking multi vitamins , allot but not enough!You have to take these for a while to notice if there working, as with most vitamins,  and these are pricey for 30 days.
152. Horrible burning feeling. Feel like my skin is falling off from being burnt from it. Do not use. Makes you feel 10x worse
153. Would not stay in place
154. This toilet paper is hysterical. My family really likes Trump. One night I invite them all to dinner and put this toilet paper in the bathroom. It was so funny as they went in to use the bathroom everyone came out cracking up!! The toilet paper feels like regular Scott toilet paper. Not soft. I don't really recommend using this for anything other than laughs.The paper itself is in color and features pictures of trump with the words disgusting in a bubble.This is really the perfect gag gift for anyone whether they like trump or not!This would be funny placed anywhere including your own bathroom or the bathroom at work, or anywhere someone will have a sense of humor!I received this toilet paper at a promotional price in order to evaluate it and share my honest and unbiased opinion.
155. I love this product. I use it to keep peace in the family. I'm getting a little hard of hearing and this allows me to hear all the things I would have missed with out it while listening to the TV. Loud and clear stereo while my wife sleeps next to me...how sweet. The coverage in the room is unbeatable. Needs no "line of sight", as long as you are in the same room as the base unit it works, clearly and hiss free. The ear buds and neck unit are not even noticeable. Design and build quality are unsurpassed. I couldn't be more pleased...no complaints.
156. I am sold on the Quell.
157. I like to soak my dogs belly bands until I get enough for a load. But though a MUCH OLDER couple of boxes did an excellent job, this new one I got really doesn't do the job.
158. So soft! Softer than regular tissues. Material is durable and strong. They absorb nicely and use less tissues than other brands. I like to keep these in every room for my allergies.
159. I bought this for my husband and I to take on a trip.  The charge held for over 2 weeks. The refill brushes are easy to change.  They would be great for children with the 2 minute timer.
160. This scale is a liar.
161. Smells so good you don't need to wear perfume!
162. The material is soft and it dresses up your outfit in the winter time
163. I like the footpetals even though they are a bit pricey. Unfortunately did not work in the shoes and I ended up returning the shoes anyway. Now I have no need for them but hope I do in the near future.
164. Since Clarisonic went out of business and you can't find the replacement brushes anywhere anymore I ordered these as to try to avoid starting over with a new face brush brand and having to buy the whole appliance again.  These  replacement heads fit my Mia 2 just fine, the brush it self is a lower quality, and not as good a Clairsonic and when turned on the center circle vibrates oddly (almost like the cent of the brush is going to pop out as it has a 'loose' feel to it, but I've used it 4x now and it seems to be staying in place even with the odd movement and vibration.  The bristles are not as robuststiff as the Clairsonic so my face certainly doesn't feel as smooth and clean as before, but I guess it's better than nothing at this point, so I'm keeping these replacement heads.  I mean they are about 50% cheaper than the name brand and you can tell the quality is about 50% as good, you do get what you pay for.UPDATE 25OCT2020: I feel taken advantage of my this seller, I purchased 4 Facial Cleansing Brush Head Replacements a few months ago for $25.98, now they are $5.98 for the SAME 4 PACK!  I think the quality is worth the NEW price, but if the price ever jumps above $10 for a 4 pack DON'T DO IT, they are cheaply made and not holding up well with daily use.
165. Great product!Just received it today and it fits both shoulders. I only froze the gel pack for one hour because I wanted to try it right away, I'm very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone with shoulder stiffness.
166. They come with additional tips, and a cute little storage bag.  Not the best in noise canceling but they are fair.
167. A real big batch of packets.  Good for storage  here in the rainbelt
168. Saves my back.
169. This is a hefty bag of organic turmeric.  It has that nice color and texture.  We use it in lots of food including protein shakes, salads, cooked dishes.  Anti-inflammatory powers and well tolerated.  This is a nice product for a decent price.  No complaints, will use more.
170. Very cute. Not amazing quality in stitching of masks and smelled funky when they arrived. Smell went away after washing.
171. Not what I expected.  I ordered according to size chart, but was to big.
172. hard to find sunrider products anymore..glad i found these gems again!!!
173. Since I'm tired of waking up with numbtingling hands, or feeling like my shoulder is getting pulled out of shape because I can't help but sleep on it at the wrong angles, I decided ot give this a try.And for the price of one, I got the two different items.The Slumber Sleeve arrived last night, and I gave it a try. It was comfortable, didn't feel in the way, and kept the weight of my head off of my arm. I did wake up and turn, but for other reasons than my arm or shoulder being uncomfortable. I didn't switch it to the other arm, and after a while soon switched back over to the side with the Slumber Sleeper anyway.I got the Pillow Aid today, and will give it a try. Hoping for another good experience with it. I sure can put both to good use!22 May 15 - I tried the Pillow Aid. It was nice, and actually worked for me. The tube is harder plastic than the Slumber Sleeve, and with no covering, but not so hard as to be uncomfortable with a pillow on it. It kept me from putting pressure on my arm and having it fall asleep. Drawback was that I got a bit hot with it on, and the edges did poke me a bit until I could find the right angle for it. Neither of which interrupted my sleep.I'm keeping both, and will use the Slumber Sleep on the side I sleep and save the Pillow Aid for those nights I may find myself sleeping on both side. That way I won't have to switch in the middle of the night.I may check back after a while to describe if it's still working for me after a few months.
174.  Eerily lifelike!This is by far one of the best if not the best male masturbation toys I've ever used. Three different experiences in one!Pros:-Soft material-Variety of experiences-Finger groves for more grip-Easy to clean-Pleasure grooves and nubsCons:None at this time.Seriously this is an awesome toy! The material is so soft and lifelike.I was selected to review this item at a discount. My reviews are based on personal use, quality and performance and are never manipulated or altered in any way.
175. everybody has different tastes me personally didn't like it because it is too sweet for me.
176. Bought these to remove mildew stains on boat seats. Didnt get all the stains off, but did a great job removing dirt and grime.Initially, they kept falling apart on me. Little pieces of the sponge were like crumbling off. You have to keep the sponge pretty wet! Do not wring it all the way out!
177. These stuck on extremely well and were very comfortable!
178. Used in the shower over my cast without getting a bit wet. It is made of very sturdy material. I highly recommend!
179. Got to use my friends, and love it, sadly my order arrived empty box. Didn't realize how big this version is though so it was better lol
180. My favorite sleep mask, and I’ve tried several. I doubt I’ll ever go back to the foam ones.
181. I got it before the time was up and it is so good that I use it on my salads and other food. It is delilious.
182. Love it! Perfect for the AM thermogenic and protein!
183. This is effective for bad breath, especially for people with SIBO with Hydrogen Sulfide back up (smells like rotten eggs) it makes the bad breath go away for 1 day... I use 5 of the scoops that it came with per serving.
184. This does not get warm enough. Despite following package instructions and only hearing in microwave for one min the clay beads started to spill out only 2 days after use. Unfortunately not happy with this item at all.
185. Didn't find anything special about the product than others on the market, but does provide temp. relief
186. I followed the instructions to the letter. Instead of defogging the fog lasted longer, and would not dissipate,
187. Nice, light  emulsifier for essential oils.
188. I had one of the Muscle Milks at 3PM in the afternoon and was on the toilet for 2 hours shortly after. I did not have any other things in the day that could have led to this effect that day. Lots of preservatives in the drink.
189. I like the picturet.I can carry more then one prescription
190. I thought this would on my title but falls off every time.  Tried putting mounting tape on back thing that might work but it won't stay on.
191.  i received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. i was not influenced by anyone in any way of my opinion of this product.This exfoliating hand and back loofah has a soft terry cloth material, they are not too harsh. This back scrubber is about 2 inches shorter than the one I just got and about  12 inch less in width. The rope handle on this one is also thinner than one I just got, But these still do the job.I love fact that I can reach my back without hurting myself. Both of my rotary cuffs are ripped, so these really come in handy. These are great for both men, women and children. My grand daughter is 8yo and she likes to use them. These help take off the dead skin for better, cleaner skin. Taking off the dead skin also helps so you don't break out.Another great idea to use the back scrubber: Lotion. Can never get that middle part of your back? Just dad a little lotion in the middle and use the back scrubber to apply the lotion. I do this all the time.
192. i feel like they aren't as good now as they were when the magic eraser first came out?  anyone else feeling that? or is it that i've just come to expect miracles from them? because the magic eraser is the best cleaning product i've ever owned!!!!!!!  everyone should have them in their kitchen!
193. Mr. Clean Magic Eraser is my go to product when the mess is tough. I wouldn't even think about cleaning my bath tub with out a magic eraser, it cuts right through soap scum!
194. The heating pad can't be microwaved so that makes it lose two stars. Not going to be boiling heat packs. I slip in something else that can be microwaved. The strap is a pain to use when you have pain unless you have someone help you get it in place. Not really sure how to make it work better, but it is what it is.
195. There’s no hole in the applicator tip. Useless.
196. Perfect replacement.
197. My 9 year old son loves this. His only complaint is that the small beads on the sides, used to adjust the size, hurt a little bit if he tries to sleep on his side.
198. The scale is inconsistant and does not correctly measure weight. It has also weighed me as a &#34;guest&#34; on several occassions.
199. I liked this hand lotion a lot. It has a 'waxy' feel to it, not greasy at all.  When you rub your hands with it, your hands don't slip at all. What I'm trying to say that while it is a hand cream to be rubbed in, it appears to absorb quickly and you're not left rolling your hands trying to get the lotion to disappear.It's so hard to describe smells. I liked the smell of this, it's lightly fruity. And a test I have with lotions is to rub it on at night and then see if the scent drifts over when I wake up. This lotion passed my sniff test, and I am very picky about perfumed products.
200. I've had this for a few years now. It's the solution when your spouse snores like a freight train and you're a lite sleeper. Thank you Marpac!
201. Have shared this with several friends.  Great on windows and countertops, not to mention so many other places around the house. Only disappointment is that Florida Labs does not share the recipe for this.  Found on another site.Recipe: 1 oz. D-limonene, 1 oz. alcohol, 1 tsp Dawn deterent, added to a qt. spray bottle and fill with water.  It called for a different soap product, but I use Dawn for most everything, including our furbabies  bath.
202. Doesn’t work. My teeth didn’t whiten and all’s it did was smear all over my mouth and lips with nothing to seal this whitener to my teeth like strips or teeth covering. Also takes an eternity for the gel to come up when you twist it.
203. This makes it much easier for me to get my joint supplements into my system. I get so tired of taking pills!
204. Love these pads! They are comfortable, and make you feel extra fresh.
205. The pack comes with four pairs of gloves - two of each colors. They have textured palm and finger surface and sort of ruffle on the edge, very cute. They fit well and do not come off even when are not tight on the wrist. They are waterproof but after using my palms and fingers were covered in powdery and slightly grainy white substance. It washes off easily, and I guess it's prevalent in rubber gloves. This was the only drawback that I noticed while using them. They are sturdy and protect from hot water. They definitely have many uses in them. Scrub your house in style!
206. Bought berry and orange. Both are so needlessly sweet. I reduce the amount to 12-13, and still taste the sweetness more than berryorange flavors. Got tired of it.
207. I used this ice pack for my back and leg pain due to an accident. It's easy and manageable because it's not hard when it gets cold. I loved the extra strap to use around my waist. I did pin the extra strap to the bag that holds the ice pack so it won't keep moving when I'm laying down.
208. I needed a long shoe horn and thought this would solve the problem--it didn't. They have a spring between the metal horn and the handle, which makes it move around. You can't hold it in place to get the shoe on. Poor design.
209. My 10 year old loves this toothbrush. The various speeds make interesting sounds. His imagination takes him to fun places while he brushes. He has done a much better job with brushing since using it,
210. easy to use, easy to carry with you and works..
211. I am very impressed by how light weight and extremely comfortable they are.
212. I love the fact that this supplement has so much packed into each pill. It has loads of vitamins, minerals, collagen, extracts, keratin and so many other good things that help your hair grow and stay healthy. Not to mention, it's also just as good for your skin and nails.I have Hashimoto's, and my hair was falling out so badly. Taking good supplements for the hair has helped my hair grow back and not fall out as much anymore. I do have a hard time taking large doses of biotin at one time but finding a supplement that is loaded with so many good ingredients at such high doses, such as this one, I only have to take one per night.As long as I continue to take great supplements like these, my hair stays in good condition. I definitely recommend this packed full of goodness supplement to anyone who is suffering from hair loss or issues with their skin or nails. 5 stars ✨
213. Love this product
214. Quality product.
215. These cut fingernails really well. Nice and sharp cuts. The only negative is the nail flyaways. We all know that there are nail cutters out there that have a piece attached that captures the cuttings. This does not. So, expect to have to clean cuttings off the floor.These are high quality fingernail cutters.
216. tastes and looks like roast coffee (or a chicory blended coffee).  Very subtle fragrance profile.  Unclear how much placebo effect is manifested in these types of products and hard to compare it to impact other teas (blue lotus, or Pukka night time) for me.  All have been equally helpful in mellowing down ( I tend to have calls till 11 pm on most days).  At over a $1.5 per serving, will be part of the rotation if I see a significant improvement over my other teas.  After a week of use, seems promising.  But need to see if the body adapts and the effect just peters away.  Blue lotus has been so far the best for me.
217. My two year old son really enjoys this !
218. It didn't smell hardly at all, no expiration date, just smelled and felt a bit... stale. Really been disappointed in Starwest lately. My 5th bag of bad herbs is where I draw the line. I'll be buying from MRH mostly & on Amazon only Frontier. Too bad bc they have a nice selection.
219. I don't know what I expected from these, but it was something more delicious than what I got. Let's be real: these are seaweed granules. And that's just what they taste like. I mix them into my daily bone broth, but they generally sink to the bottom right away. So the last bit of broth is always full of gritty granules that taste like the ocean floor. Not great, but hopefully they're at least good for me.
220. I always recommend people try half the dosage for a few days before continuing blindly.  Any herbal supplements need to be treated if you haven't been checked out by a licensed herbalist - each blood type and body may take to a herbal supplement differently.  Ginseng is a strong and effective herb to support the body's energy.  this one was powerful for me so I only take half dosage a few days a week.
221. These are what I would expect for only a 4mil thickness glove. Fit larger hands fine, is prone to tearing if you get a puncture, but stayed together relatively well. The price of all the gloves are ridiculous right now with the COVID pricing, but these are no more than the rest. Would prefer a 8 or 10 mil glove for the work we are doing, but can’t find them at all right now so these will have to do.
222. As described and a standard gel compress.  Price was very good and super quick delivery.  I don't use these very often, but when they are needed it's good to have a couple of them in the freezer.
223. I am really enjoying having a foot soak again. While I often add my own warm water to start, this model is true to it's feature of being able to heat water (to a warm but safe temperature), as well, it maintains the warmth. I have seem others complain about the plastic "massage" pieces being to hard but did not find that to be the case and for those who have more sensitive feet, these parts are removable. Personally, I find the added round pumice stone and other changeable parts not to be as effective as my preference for full size equivalents but those "bonus" parts are not why I purchased this modelbrand.  Overall, I am very satisfied and would recommend this foot soak to others.
224. These are similar to the ones sold on the cruise ship I took last year but at 110 of the price. I could not make a comparison since I never used the other ones but these arch supports do a good job. Happy with the purchase.
225. Awesome for traveling, not great for an everyday toothbrush. I threw a pack in my purse in case of emergency
226. use them all the time
227. Add a couple of tablespoons to a cup of hot water, and add a tablespoon of butter and a tablespooon of MCT oil.  You'll be going like the energizer bunny on meth.  If that's what you want.Only thing is that it will turn your teeth brown.  Just to complete the speed-freak effect.Or you could just be a normal person and use a teaspoon like they say.  In which case, it'll just turn your teeth brown, without the energizing effects.For me, it really didn't do much, unless I used it at very high doses, and then it didn't feel that great, and the crash was not fun.  Love the deep, earthy, strong taste, though.  But you might not.  Most people that are used to lab-created tastes don't really like the taste of nature's medicines. So although overall, I'm not a big fan and will not buy it again, I really can't give less than 4 stars, because it does work.  Better than coffee, which just gives me a slight tummy ache and nervousness.  Better than that hideous 5 hour energy stuff, which makes me feel like I need to check myself into a mental ward (anxiety, shaky nerves, racing thoughts, verging on paranoia...yuck)So if you're looking for a new energy source, give guarana it a try.  Or just take up running.  That's what I did and I feel better than I ever did with any of these energy supplement, and I've tried them all, from all-natural, to lab-created chemicals.
228. The pill slots are to small. It will only fit one triple fish oil pill per slot. If your pills are average, it may work for you.
229. I know there are more expensive, fancier and more touted moisturizers... yet this works for me.  Simply wonderful.  My hands and body love this stuff.  Also, much easier to use with the pump version.:)  I may refill if such a thing exists.
230. When handling the "sticky" pads with the TENS 7000 Unit, this holder provides a good place to store your pads after your TENS applications. And, the electrode wires can stay connected to the pads for easy storage inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  The pad holder keeps your TENS pads in a better usable "sticky" condition, because of its raised circular surface pattern, which only allows a percentage of the pad to stick onto the flat surface .You can then detatch the pads easily from that surface, for the next application to your skin.The holder with the pads and lead wires will fit inside the TENS 7000 carry case.  You can store (4) 2"x2" pads, or (2) 2"x4" pads in this holder.I am glad I purchased this product to use with our TENS 7000 Unit. Two thumbs up, with a cherry on top!  I hope this review will help you.  Best and Blessed to all..... :o).>>>
231. Excellent buy, good product.
232. I tried some vitamin B combination vitamins that you swallow.  They smelled bad and tasted bad, and left my stomach feeling queasy.  This was not an issue with these.
233. Works great for aches and pains
234. I was surprised at the size of this map. It durable yes but oh so small.Not sure if it tell a measurement in the description? I would not have bought if I saw how small it was…… not worth the money!!
235. I love lemon oil. It is my absolute favorite smell. I use it in a oil diffuser and it smells amazing, so fresh and so clean. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
236. Easy to use and program and looks attractive to boot.  I just think it would be more worth the price if you had the option of also plugging in your lamp into the device so that the lamp could turn on at the set time too.  For the same price you can get a sunrise alarm clock that you can use with ANY light and don't have to depend on just this one.
237. This was a really cute looking toothbrush that my daughter really wanted.  Unfortunately, the quality of the brush is really lacking.  It randomly turns onoff.  When she pushes the button it's a luck of the draw if it will actually turn on.  At least she still brushes her teeth though.
238. Arrived quickly & just as described. It made a great gift & the price couldn't be beat! Love the color & pattern as well, it made for a unique gift for my nurse friend!
239. The decals are durable with a strong adhesive but no so strong you cant back it off and move things a bit - in case you didn't quite get it on your first round. They re-stick well after reapplication - no worries about the adhesive losing its grip. The vinyl material is softer, thick, and durable - somewhat like a oil-change reminder decal for your windshield.Take your time and have fun with the process.There are no instructions included other than the printed locations of where the decals go. Certainly not a deal breaker. They really are easy enough to figure out like a jigsaw puzzle which makes it kind of fun to apply.I think its a great value and would recommend it.Just a little something to give you a morale boost when you jazz up your CPAP equipment.
240. I'm sure this works exactly as designed.  However the way it holds the face mask on puts pressure on points on my head in spots that cause me to wake up with headaches.  I did not use it but a few weeks and went back to my old CPAP system.
241. I’ve been happy with how well this has been working for me. I would recommend this to others!
242. I like the deep design of the bucket which helps avoid those messy spills.  The price is also reasonable and delivery is fast.
243. It a must..use it everyday
244. Love these! I’ve been using them on my son since he was a baby and feel comfortable still using them now. I don’t worry about putting them too far in his ears. I can’t find them locally so I order from Amazon.
245. I got this to put on my fingers when I polish my nails.  Product itself works great and as advertised, but will need to experiment with it for what I am using it for!
246. I need them for the shower as I get ear infections easily. These are so comfy, you won't even know they're in. Easy in and out and fit perfectly.
247. the roller ball sticks and you cant use it im so disappointing
248. Awesome pain reliever alternative to OTC and I can take it everyday without worrying about liver damage. Last all day of pain relief. I used it daily, one cap in the AM & one cap about 4pm. One cap is sufficient for light pain. Takes about an hour for it to work with or without food.
249. It straightens hair beautifully and leaves great shine.  I only wish it worked on wet hair too.
250. I reeeeally like the goal here. The problem is these are like plastic grocery bags in terms of thickness. You need to be very careful as these year fairly easily. I do like the goal here though and that is why feel the product should still be supported.
251. I use it daily. I have used it for over 10 years now
252. Tastes great!
253. It tastes fine. I like that the company has a &#34;Supplement Facts&#34; as opposed to a &#34;Nutrition Facts&#34; label. Which means the label is held to a very high standard to be accurate. With all the competition out there for this kind of product, this is a strong competitor.
254. I used to have a Clarisonic but lost it after a move. This is a great replacement. I like the feeling that my face is super clean and super smooth. It’s easy to use, easy to handle and dose a good job. I have sensitive skin and this doesn’t bother it.
255. I’m really pleased with this sonic toothbrush. It has a two minute timer that stops every 30 seconds. The replacement brush heads are available on Amazon for an incredibly reasonable price! I believe when I checked, there was a 4 pack for $10.99. I stopped using my electric toothbrush years ago because I was tired of the cost. I thought because I’m so pleased with my silicone face brush, maybe I’d be just as happy with a toothbrush. Again, for the price, it’s easily something you can try for yourself.What was included in my box were (2) brush heads, a wonderful storage case that holds both brush heads and the base, a charger base and cord. You will need a USB adapter power plug but if you have a smartphone, this isn’t going to be an issue. I have many in my house. I thought the instructions were clear enough to understand the settings on the base. If you’re a fanatic for the English language, these directions may trigger you. If not, hopefully you will get a little chuckle after skimming through them.
256. Cute gift for the Halloween lover!
257. Just what I needed for my sanding disk adaptation to my drill chuck.
258. These napkins are so thin you can see through them.  There is little fabric to absorb anything when you wipe your mouth or try to dab up a spill.
259. These tissues Is my favorite. Are use two or three a day. They’re really soft. And I’ve been using these for years.
260. I bought this so I could have it sync with my account and have everything sort of all in one.  All in all it's a good scale, setup took a lil time to get straight due to wifi settings and whatnot but other than that it's a decent scale.  The only thing I don't like is it's 2lbs more than my other scale but my other scale is pretty old.  Also, I usually like to weigh twice to make sure it's accurate and when I do that I notice that there is a slight fluctuation in the weight and Body fat %.
261. I prefer whitening strips, it’s hard to get toothpaste placement according to the directions. I really don’t like holding the tray in my mouth for 30 minutes.
262. I purchased this for my child’s sunscreen at school after she arrived home one day with 10 big bites on her face. Since I sent this there’s been no issues.
263. I will definitely not get a 4 month's use out of these KitchLife Reusable Bamboo Paper Towels. My intended use was to use them as "hand towels" in the bathroom, but they are not soft or very absorbent. You really have to wet them to get use from them.The roll and towels are smaller than "paper" towels, and they have a weird texture. They are not scrubby, but work fine for cleaning up the bathroom sink and counter in between deep cleanings. You can also wash and reuse them. Though I would hand wash them instead of machine wash. And, I would spray them with Hypochlorous Acid, or another peopleanimal friendly disinfectant.I don't particularly want a bunch of these just hanging around in a container, or hanging to dry, as I don't really like cleaning with them. They are just meh to me. I'd rather use microfiber cloths.
264. It's good, premium, baby oil at a decent price.  What's no to like?
265. I've bought heel cushion before, none of them could compare with these pairs! They are awful. These don't grip my heels at all. I even tried to put two pads in the left shoe in order to reduce the room, but the my feet still slipped out easily, which gave me an awful commuting in a morning. The worst thing is the sticky part of the product was just double-side tape. When I tried to take them off, the cotton stayed on my shoes and became very hard to peel off. Awful decision of buying them. Now I am going to search some tips to get rid of double-side tape ; (
266. my favorite toothpaste my only problem is the tube is too small
267. I went to see Jack White in a relatively small theater and these came in very handy. It allowed me to enjoy the music without fully masking it. I still think the sound levels were hearing damaging but it's a very good compromise between being able to hear and not killing your ears.It seemed like the bass gets through more than the mids and highs with them but that could be because you can feel the bass on your chest. Not sure yet, these are my first ear protection outside of full on ear plugs.
268. Very surprised by this product. It works extremely well. Shaves and pulls hair very nicely. Gotta be cautious though when pulling hair and it took me several passes just to get everything. Very good, but could be better.
269. Did not make any difference for me
270. This is the 2nd time we have purchased these.  They bring much comfort to my wife's feet and enable her to comfortably wear shoes she could not otherwise wear.  They wear a long time.  Worth every penny.
271. I get anxiety and lavender essential oil helps with calming. I also have the dogs smell me so that they can be relaxed during times when it is crazy around here. Like on the holidays when the neighbors light up fireworks for  a couple of weeks every single night.
272. When I first started to use this I was not impressed – the rotating massage balls felt really odd on my back and not that comfortable. But after a few minutes, it started to feel pretty good. A few more minutes and I really felt my back muscles relax. Very nice!There are two rotating balls on each side of the pad. They have infrared heating (which you can turn off) so you get a nice gentle heat during the massage. The balls automatically invert their rotation direction after a few minutes to keep the massage from getting monotonous.The front cover is a mesh material that feels pretty sturdy. The case is covered with what looks and feels like a faux leather. It has a good feel as well, and seems very sturdy. There’s an elastic band on the back so you can strap this to a chair in the proper position to hit the areas of your back you want massaged.The onoff switch is on the base and is fairly flush with the casing so it doesn’t stab you in the back if you lean against it. Press it once turns it on with heat; press it again turns off the heat; press and hold turns it off. It’s powered by a transformer (included) that plugs into the wall outlet, or via a car power port adapter if you want to use it in the car while driving.The sound level is muted, but clearly heard. It makes a grinding, whirring type of sound while operating. It’s not grating, but it’s clearly loud enough to hear in the next cubicle if you plan on using this at work.The warmth level is moderate. You readily feel the warmth penetrate your muscles, but it is not what I would call hot.My main complaint is the size – it’s rather small in terms of coverage when used on my back. While the overall size is reasonable (about 12 inches wide and 8 inches tall at the widest parts) the massage action is limited to a much smaller area. Something that was a few inches larger would make a big difference in the coverage area.  It's also rather thick and bulky (about 4 inches thick) so positioning it on a chair can be challenging if you have a narrow chair seat depth.The elastic strap is also a bit too small for some chairs, and does not hold the unit all that securely. I ended up using it on the sofa and holding it in place by leaning against it. That proved to be more effective that trying to strap it to a chair and have it stay in place.Even with these limitations this is a handy device to have if you have bad back or just get sore from sitting too much. It’s a welcome massage break during the work day.[Sample provide for review]
273. works on the teens
274. They legit sent 24 sponges for $9.xx. I thought this would be fake, but they came in the box you’d get to stock these on a retail shelf. There are eight 3-packs of sponges, with two retail displaysholding boxes. The sponges are blue with blue backs and white scrub dots.
275. This is hreat if u have someone who udes a urinal alot and can not empty ot on the own.
276. I'm never misplacing my mask; it's always around my neck.  Only problem is that it's really not one size fits all; there should be a small and a large.
277. Great service, product was as expected.
278. Soft and natural.  I love it.
279. I thought it would open to clip on back of shoe but it doesn't.  You have to slide it on and if your shoe isn't really stiff, it's very difficult to get on. Also, the handle is too short making it more difficult to reach and remove once you get your foot in the shoe. My long handle shoe horn works much better.
280. In preparation for the 'big day' i picked up a couple packs. when these pills are put to the test i expect everyone to come back here and update if you have mutated or died. thanks!
281. First thing I love is that it gets hotter than my other heating pads.  And then I love that it's stiffer so I'm able to brace it up when I'm sitting in a chair.Not exactly sure how the jade stone work but I like them.  They press into my back and deliver more heat into my sore muscles.Having the time and temperatures illuminated makes it easier for me to see at night when I'm having trouble sleeping and my joints are aching.Have never had an infrared heating pad before and I am really liking this one.Saves my settings.  Has auto shut off in case I forget I have it on.I tossed my other heating pad and am now using this one every single day.
282. Best heel cream I can find.  My skin builds calluses and cracks terribly.  This is the only product I’ve found that really works quickly to soften and heal the skin.
283. Sweetening your tea with Stevia produces results so similar to sugar, you won't miss sugar in your tea. Before trying the tea bags, I always used to buy the little packets of stevia and still intend to use them in the future. My thought was that this would be an easy way to sweeten my tea along with the other tea bags I was already using and that would save time.Well, there are some interesting aspects to stevia tea that I had not considered. Firstly, when adding a stevia tea bag, the results are "super sweet" if you leave the tea bag in the cup or teapot for the entire time you are steeping the tea. The result is a bit overwhelming and seems to produce a very earthy tea.For the best results - if you enjoy a mildly sweet tea - is to add the tea bag at the end or when you are adding in milk or milk powder. By stirring in one of these stevia tea bags, you can sweeten the tea to taste.The Stevia in these tea bags is from Paraguay. If you want to use this as a regular tea, it is very sweet and you may want to add other ingredients like lemon juice or mint.~The Rebecca Review
284. This was the first time I ever tried soylent.  For $34 I thought it would be a good way to try it.  It is a bit bland but great for the drive to work in the morning.  From now on though i will be getting the pouches as that is a bit cheaper.TLDR: Soylent is good, this is a bit expensive for volume but a good way to try the powder for not much to see if you like it.
285. This bags are very strong and the size is perfect for my large garbage can.  My garbage can is about 30 gallons.
286. This thing is really cool. I got it for my messy fiancé and he is in love with it. The top secures amazingly which is the most important feature when you are clumsy and drop the container. It is super easy to clean as well.
287. This is definitely a must buy item. If your skin is acting weird, this product is the solution.
288. This is the first actual neck pillow I've used. I always wanted to get one for air travel, though I dont travel that often. This pillow is comfortable yet firm, which I like. the memory foam is good. it's a bit thick, though, not sure if that is a good thing or not. I've worn the pillow sitting on the couch and it was comfy but my 15 minute test isn't the same as an hours-long flight from Arizona to Maryland. I have just such a trip planned in the next few months so I'll have to update this review after I've been able to use the pillow for a prolonged time.I do like the fact that the outer cover can be easily removed for washing. the snap is great because I can snap it onto my luggage handle and not worry about it falling off. If I had a choice, I probably would not have picked red, but now that I have it, the red is actually a good thing to have because it stands out. I certainly wouldn't lose this easily or forget it.If you're looking for a firm but comfortable neck pillow, this will do the trick!
289. This products works as the most effective pre-soaking stain removal for me.  I have tried many and this wins hands down
290. It doesn't have a temperature control and it doesn't cut off automatically, and it drys out my hair. However, I will say it makes nice curls on the shorter sections of my hair and it is a nice size.
291. I like adding a photograph to most my reviews.That definitely won't be the case with this one!Why?Ummm, because this is one skin care gadget that actually works. And it's pretty gross! It does what it says. It vacuums out your pores. And yes, it collects, and it's pretty disgusting to see on the clear plastic heads.But a clean pore, while not actually smaller, LOOKS smaller, so this is a worthwhile little device.Keep in mind this isn't going to work on regular acne. It's for soft clogged pores, like most people have on their nose and the crease on each side of your nose.
292. A bit pricy but great forThe Patriots fan in your life.
293. They are okay, but I won't buy them. And  I personally think it's better to buy a probiotic supplement. Rather than taking a chocolate infused with probiotics and is very over priced. It's not worth the amount.
294. These are really well made and nice tight toothbrush heads.  Love the cover that comes with them to keep foreign matter off them.  These did not fit either of our brushes but we made them work for the most part.  Soft bristles are comfortable to use and gentle enough on the gums.  easy to clean and keep fresh.
295. I’ve been using the Scrub Daddy sponges for years. Love them. For the kitchen these are even better!  The dual sides makes doing the dishes less of a chore. The holes for the eyes are perfect for holding on to it. The smile makes cleaning cutlery so easy.
296. Years of athletics have done a number on my joints.  I started taking tart cherry to help alleviate the soreness I experience every day, and much to my surprise, it actually WORKS.  I still have joint pain, but the day-to-day aches are almost completely a thing of the past when I take my tart cherry consistently.  If I miss a day or two, however, I definitely start feeling more achy again, so this is a supplement you need to take properly to see full benefits.  It is NOT a cure, but definitely offers heavy benefits for someone dealing with overuse joint pain.  Since I've been taking tart cherry, I've been able to increase my weekly mileage as a recreational runner without suffering additional aches; I highly recommend giving tart cherry a try if you're an achy athlete!
297. great  Glycerin. nice quality and did the job
298. I was so disappointed  when it arrived the size is so much smaller  i was expecting it to be bigger it good thick materials i would  say but not much stretch
299. I am extremely sorry to see the death of the chewable orange Dramamine. I have been using this medication since about four years of age, and found an increasing, continuous need for it when I developed ulcerating Crohn's disease, now spread throughout my digestive system. It has responded well to the chewable 50 mg size, better than to Rx brands. Back to constant N&V. ::sigh:: NOT fun.EDITED to add that the product is again available. Hooray!
300. OK, I've had this almost 2 months, turns out it's not accurate; the readings are at least 10 points below (top & bottom) other bp monitors.No warranty that I can find.
301. My 1st. Forearm Crutches...took to 'em like a Duck...water! More sexy than the Arm-Crotch Crutches (ACC). Strong, yet light. Shiny wcomfortable grips. AND, THEY ARRIVED IN 2 DAYS!  A Most Pleasant Shopping Experience, Indeed.
302. these work fantastic. Great shipping. all tools are nicely beveled. No burs. works great an highly recommend the set for different tools to have one always handy and ready.
303. Nice eyeglass case and price is nice too
304. This is a very funny way to protest our Orange Leader.  The only drawback was that it came weeks after I needed it.  But I will save it for next year's White Elephant Gift for Christmas.
305. I am a long-time Norelco Shaver user.  I bought top-of-the-line over a decade ago, and replaced the 3 heads and blades twice.  It worked great, battery still working great.  Then I accidentally knocked it off the counter, and broke the head.  OK, replace the head.  WHAT???  $85?  So I stated looking around at - Norelco shavers, of course.  But to get a digital display of the battery condition, it looks like $200.  A much cheaper version just has "battery low" indicator.  Well, I am addicted to knowing how much charge I have left (in minutes, on the old shaver).  But I do not want to spend $200.  So what about other brands?  This unit caught my eye.  It was way less expensive than head replacement, and had the desired features, including a display of battery condition.  It uses similar technology for the shaving heads.So, I gave it a try.  I have to say, it does an excellent job, and works very much like the Norelco I broke.  For the price, you really can't beat it.  I don't know if the battery readout is in minutes or percent, but I use about the same (3 to 5) for a shave, so it is similar (it's either 3-5 minutes or 3-5%, but who cares?).  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised by the build quality and shave experience for such an inexpensive shaver.  For the price, you can't go wrong.  In fact, why spend more?
306. These are my favorite dryer sheets, hard to find in stores, so thanks to Amazon I can get these. The scent is fabulous when I lived in a HOA my neighbors would make a point to ask what I use LOL, yeah too close for comfort. The scent will last for awhile, I like to add these to my closets and dresser chests.
307. This is NOT a crappy thin cake pan as it looks. It is a heavy gauge nice cake pan. My wife bakes custom cakes and someone asked for a breast feeding themed smash cake. Of coarse all the detail is done with fondant but this will give you a good base to start from. You have to set this pan on another flat pan to sit on the grate in the oven and i believe it added to the cook time so as always make sure its done all the way through. Our first cake wasnt done and sunk when we pulled it out lol.  Overall great cake pan
308. It would have been useful to know where you can’t use before buying. I read carefully looking for that. I mean there are some places that should be obvious like anus, genitals, nipples and ears. But you also can’t use it around the head or neck and this was purchased to use on the neck.
309. Stay's heated all day long, I wear it almost everyday, great product! No more store brought disposal heating padspatches. Wish it came in larger sizes.
310. Orgasmate Katerina Power Automated Retractable and Spin Male Men Masturbator Stroker Cup was definitely an interesting discovery!  The seller is right when he describes the Orgasmate Katerina masturbator simulates sucking, blowing, rubbing, squeezing and stroking actions.  It was very easy to take apart and clean.  You do have to use a lot of lube with this product. My only complaint would have to be with the power button, which does work but it slips into the top of the device.  The item is larger but the motor is quiet.  Overall, I think for some people, this would be an amazing addition to the adult toy box.  I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
311. Perfect refilling oils for vape pens.  Worked exactly as I had intended it to.
312. This is great solution.  I use it every day and my eyes always feel great.
313. Perfect, delivered right on time. Eneloop AA batteries slide in and are snugly gripped by little arms inside the battery so they don't fall out. The downside, of course, is that adapter batteries only last about 20% as long as a true "D" cell. Good mainly for emergencies or light use.One minor downside. Another supplier (NOT Mybatterysupplier) uses a sticky glue "snot" on the sides of the batteries to hold them in the package. This goo is a real pain to remove, though WD-40 on a rag does the trick.-----------------UPDATE: I discovered a D-sized adapter that accepts THREE AA Eneloop batteries in the same space. http:www.amazon.comParallel-Connection-Battery-Holder-WhitedpB00K86RXQUref=cm_cr-mr-titleThey appear well-made and work fine.
314. Great for when my kids spend the night with family but definitely didn’t work out well for daily use at home.
315. I have started using this and will continue using it until I can see a difference in my loose skin and wrinkles. The technology is supposed to help both issues. Can't guarantee it does either. One way or the other, it does a good job applying your facial products, including masks.
316. These little eye droppers don't suck the water into the vial. That's all, don't buy them.
317. Easy to travel with and cleaned my clothes relatively well for a sink wash. Got the job done and I'm glad this is in my travel set now. I would recommend also bringing something to stop the sink drains as I found that not all sinks have this built in.
318. Well, if you're looking for organic Acai, here it is.  It comes in a foil package, dish out how much you want or can stand,  I used to get frozen Acai mixed with fruit and guarana, or something like that.  Very tasty, and I felt like I was doing something really good for me.  This one isn't sweet.  It's kind of strong or bitter.  You must mix it with something to counter it and make it palatable.  I put it in my power shake along with the kitchen sink, i.e., you name it, if it's suppose to be good for you, I put it in my shake- one more powder.  I guess I like.
319. I really liked this product; it works well and noticed my teeth getting whiter within days. Other whitening strips made my teeth sensitive while using it, but this one I had no issues with. I will definitely recommend and purchase this item again.
320. I like that the lids stay fully open while filling the compartments. The only thing I didn't like is that vitamins can get stuck between the evening and morning sections if you drop one, but the fix is easy enough. Just close the lids and tip it over carefully. Lids can pop open if not fully secured or if you shake too vigorously, so just be careful with that.
321. This sealer is pretty loose, the consistancy of hot syrup, which makes the process go faster but can make for messy cleanup.Good: My grout is now absolutely water proof after only one coat, and I used about 110th of a quart bottle to do 300sq ft of grout lines.  A little goes a very long way!Bad: I bought one of those dispenser bottles for grout lines at Lowes, works great with this sealer but every now and then it would pour out and I would have to wipe it off the tile.  No big deal but turns out it does not wipe completely off of my sealed porcelain tile.  It left a wierd film that will not come off.Great product, just be sure to get a bottle of aquamix sealer remover as well.
322. The Smoke Buddy really works as advertised. It absorbs most of the smoke and smell. And every so often, when full, i order a new one.
323. They are ok
324. It tastes good and gave me more energy. I liked it and will keep using it. Learned of it from a book that was sent to us.
325. Love this powder, smells good and is not heavy on the skin.
326. so far so good it has not broken and works great
327. I've used this product happily for more than 5 years.  But they have now RUINED the case by changing it from color coded to mono-color.  What the crap were they thinking??  There CANNOT be a logical reason for this blunder.
328. The massaging roller things are extremely poke-y and very uncomfortable. I removed them, but now I have rough-edged spaces in the bottom of it that are also uncomfortable to lean on. Putting a washcloth under my feet helps, but I wish it was just comfortable as is!
329. I love the scent, very light.  Best product I have found for cleaning my face!!
330. It wasn't for me - the balls were to hard and wasn't relaxing at all. If you like a rough massage then this one is for you. You need some meat on your bones though...
331. I recently discovered that if you use Bar Tenders Friend on your stove, let it site on the stains for about 5 minutes, the Mr. Clean erasers wipe away tough spots.  It takes me about 10 minutes to clean the stove top.  Using a paper towel or regular sponge, I would have to apply a lot of elbow grease and a good 20-30 minutes to clean it.
332. I am a big fan of hydrating toners, especially Korean brands. They do not contain drying alcohols nor is it astringent. They are for helping to increase hydration, skin plumpness, gentle toning, and to prepare skin for the next steps.  I tend to apply multiple layers (ala "7 skin" method) adding some to the palm of my hands then patting it on. I do this a few times with several seconds in between. I know when my skin is hydrated enough once the product doesn't seem to soak in any more. Then I follow up with usually a serum and moisturizer (or SPF if using during day).My skin enjoys a whole host of different toners I have used over the years. Most are good enough, some are pretty great, and I was pleasantly surprised that this toner is rather fantastic for my dry, semi sensitive skin. I could tell with first use. I don't often comment on price because our budgets all vary, but I am commenting on this for being a good size, with great ingredients, effective results, and at a reasonable price ($20 is a good price point for this). Even with multiple "layers", it will last quite some time.My skin really did fall in love with it the first time I used it. I had just finished using a skin care line I ultimately wasn't crazy with. I had been skipping my usual dose of hydrating toner, and I felt that my skin was sorely missing the gentle hydration from skipping that as well as exacerbated dryness from a not too moisturizing skin care line. So now I am trying to return to my usual preferred products when this became available. Like I said, I haven't met any toners I didn't like. However, this one I have quickly- like first use- come to love. My skin is like, "ahhhhhh hydration". It feels so good that it doesn't seem like it would need a moisturizer on top-- but please do so you help lock in the hydration.I like it so much, that it absolutely will be repurchased when the time comes. I have a lot of skin care, and every once in awhile I think about what I would want to keep if I could only keep a few items. This is one of them, and I have loved other hydrating toners. I think I am sold on not only the way my skin feels but the medical grade ingredients. Functional skin care.My skin: mid 40s, leans dry, otherwise clear save for some redness & visible veins from Rosacea.------------------------------------------------------How to Use:  Use after washing the face.  Dispense an appropriate amount on a cotton pad at the first  step of skincare and gently wipe skin clean, OR dispense onto the palm and apply on the  face in a gentle tapping motion to promote absorption into skin.“--The moisture-boosting toner tidies up skin texture and increases the absorptionof skincare products to be applied on skin--The fast-penetrating toner provides the double moisturizing effect of Serine and EGF--The fast-penetrating moisturizing toner improves the absorption of skincare products to Consistency be applied in the next step on skin-- Improves skin barrier with the ingredient of EGF developed by Daewoong’s bio technology-- Provides moisture densely to skin with the double moisturizing effect of Serine - - a core ingredient of natural moisturizing factors -- and EGF that improves skin’s water-friendliness--Can be used on sensitive skin by using a formula free of the 26 fragrance allergens designated by the EU
333. I mean how could you not?  It will startle the neighborhood children just fine since my cauldron only seems to intrigue them.
334. Hey sports fans.  Just what I needed, to make my office chair more comfortable.  In fact, as I write this, I'm sitting on it right now.  Very happy with purchase, recommended indeed.  Have a great day.
335. This product is exactly what it look like. A big bucket. Is deep enough and large enough to soak those big dogs after a long day at work or the gym. If that is all you need from this- you are in luck. No bells, no whistles.  I'm a wide 11.5 and my feet fit with room to spare. I can only estimate that a 12 would make it but 12.5 your feet may not fit comfortably.
336. This toilet paper is great for a gag gift but that’s it.It’s not actually practice.The tp is thin and rough.The design crosses over the squares so after the first square is used, it doesn’t make as much sense.I wish the TP was actually useful so it wasn’t such a wasteful gift.
337. It's easy to swallow and it helps with my migraines
338. Absolutely worth it definitely has helped my gains and helped in the bed room a bit too if you know what I mean definitely give it a try!!!
339. This is awesome for older people who take lots of medication
340. Power cord works great and a reasonable price
341. Loved these for my grad party! They were easy to set up and looked amazing.
342. I didn't have high expectations for this product, but I thought it would freshen some pillows and wool suits. Several loads later, I have to admit that this product doesn't seem to do anything at all. It's the equivalent of throwing dry clothes in the dryer with a dryer sheet. Except far more expensive. I do not recommend it and I won't be buying it again.
343. I'm doing a 14 day "test" to adjust insulin doses, as I wait for my own Freestyle Libre to arrive (got approval paperwork last week).  I am always skeptical of adhesives (either allergic, or they fall off).  While the adhesive seems good, I wanted a 'bump guard' type of thing, and this is very handy. I don't feel it 'squeezing' my arm, and it hasn't moved, and stays right over the adhesive, leaving the sensor open so the reader has no problem working with it.  I'm glad I ordered a second green one, and just sent for 2 pink ones.
344. Weak, dissipates within minutes. Not a great scent, it's smells like stripper - vanilla-y and weakly sweet and just not sexy. I doubt there are any pheremones in this oil. I have an oil from a passion party which is the best stuff around. This is not even 13 as good or potent.
345. These are a bit smaller than I thought they'd be but they do adhere well and relieve pain. You seriously forget you are wearing them, they are that comfortable. Much nicer to wear for any length of time than the gel patches. When it takes 2 to cover an area though that makes them quite expensive.
346. These worked great and are super comfortable.
347. The best Vitamin C Supplement! . I take first thing in the morning and energized throughout the day! .I definitely recommend this easy to swallow supplement.
348. I had to purchase these because all stores and online sites were put of scotch brite brand. Don't expect these to last more than a few days. The green scrub bad starts to get all fuzzy and fall apart.
349. Had to return this product.  It was uncomfortable.
350. Hubby has this in the oatmeal cookie flavor and prefers it. However, this one wasn't bad, blended well for a vegan protein powder, and the nutrition on it is excellent.
351. Only have used this product on my nose, but it works great. Had no problem with the nose hair trimmer. Worked as expected, bought it on sale and thought it was a steal for 10 bucks. Did not pull my nose hair out, it cut it.Honestly, there is not much to say about this product, but it does the trick.Note: Does not come with any batteries.My Amazon Review Criteria:5 Star: I got what I expected from the product and it wasworked better than expected. If you are considering a purchase, buy it. Would buy it again, I highly recommend.4 Star: I got what I expected from the product and that is all. It just works. Still recommend the Item, probably hard to find a better product than this. Would buy again, I highly recommend.3 Star: I got what I expected from the product most of the time. Has a few problems but it can be overlooked. Might buy the product again, but will look for other alternatives as well. I recommend the product, there might be better alternatives.2 Star: I barely got what I expected from the product. Has many problems, product is bad. Would not buy again. I do not recommend buying this product unless there are no other alternatives.1 Star: I never got what I expected from the product. Would not buy the product again, requested a refund or returned the product. (This is very rare for me.) I do not recommend buying this product whatsoever.Note: I did NOT receive any incentive buying or reviewing this product. I want people to find products they like and will use.
352. My local Sally’s and cosmoprof was completely out. Will only purchase from here from now on.
353. Mix with something strong and it's fine
354. I was in so much pain yesterday and was so happy to see this had arrived. It didn’t take much time to heat up in the microwave and lasted approximately 30 minutes after each heating. The straps were comfortable (I was worried they’d be itchy or bothersome when I ordered it) and were easily adjustable.  I highly recommend this product.
355. I originally found the mango version shopping at Boots in Thailand.  I tried this and can testify it works.  You have to mix it quickly as directed with water and drink it quickly. Its all fiber and it will help you have the greatest movement if you need that help. This flavor I got was citrus from my order.  I hope the seller will provide mango.  EXCELLENT!!!
356. I like the effect Veinz has but after reading label and noticing they use fructose I will not be ordering again. How can any product claiming to be for health and fitness even think about putting something as unhealthy as fructose in it.
357. I like it. Thickness is good, firm so it took a while to get use to it. I use on my recliner, so the length fits well between arm rests. I just wish the width was a little wider.When I recline the seat get bigger, By adding two inches it would still fit the chair but would feel better when I recline.I also purchase a week later a miso fiber pillow to lay on back to fill the void. That pillar is the same width and about 18 inches wide and two inches thickens three in the middle, great lumbar suport,
358. This does not hold my essential oils in place at all. Every time I go to get them out if the container has been flipped over one time while moving it around all my oils will be everywhere. The holes are too big for my 5ml bottles.  Its a big disappointment to me and I will be looking for a different case.
359. I was really looking forward to trying this product, after having a good response introducing aloe vera products into my body. The help it's given to my digestive system has been really good.Per serving, this has 50 mg of inner leaf aloe vera powder extract. It also contains vitamins C and E. L-glutamine, alkalizing, silica, blueberry, and a host of other nourishing ingredients rounded it out.I wish that the blueberry powder were organic, but that doesn't diminish its health enough to wear I would give it a lower rating.The sweetness comes from stevia.Australian owned and operated, and who doesn't love our Aussie neighbors?!
360. Compatible to Ensure. Not something I drink for fun or taste but when eating is a challenge like when sick or unable to eat solid foods. Or when I need to grab something quick that will fill me up for a while. Tastes better chilled.
361. I was excited to try this veggie wash, as I love every Plant Therapy product I’ve used thus far. Unfortunately it was open in the box and all over everything. I might try it again, but not until they package differently.
362. These were really decent toothbrushes. They came in individual tubes for traveling, and the bristles were sure soft. It did a great job of cleaning my teeth. It did not feel like your everyday toothbrush. The bristles were thin, but they were very tightly intertwined. It was a very unique brush head that felt more like a sponge on the brush head. It did a great job overall, and was really safe for tooth enamel.
363. I had a couple pair of blue-light blocking glasses already but wanted more for husband and to keep in other rooms so I didn't have to carry them around from room to room.  I actually like the "orange" better than the amber.  Glasses fit well and are well madeclear and comfortable.  Glad I bought the 4 pack!
364.  These are great for when your kids have their friends over to watch movies. They don't hold a whole lot but they hold just enough for the younger kids. They are durable, made of a think card stock, and the butter on the popcorn doesn't leak through.We used them on halloween night for just the 5 of us and we had a blast. We watch scary movies and ate popcorn out of them. Compared to the thin paper kind, these are much better.► I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
365. Omg maybe I've just lived a sheltered life but I had no idea that you could actually get those crazy water rings out of the toilet! Def a secret weapon in my cleaning bin!
366. These are the perfect way to dress up your gifts for Christmas. Just need to buy some cute wrapping paper to go with it
367. It looks exactly like the picture and it is lightweight. The heart on the tip of the arrow is hastily glued on, but it’s not too bad. I wish the bow and arrow could stay together some how so i taped it together to avoid losing the pieces. It is just a prop and cannot be used as an actual arrow fyi. Do not tug on the string too hard or it will break! Great for photoshoot and costume though
368. I've used the TEPE sulca brush for a couple of years now. 1st rate. I decided to try this larger brush and it is of the same quality as the sulca brush. The handle is a good fit to my hand. It is gentle on the teeth and gums, something a 67 years old needs.
369. I have several pairs of sandals with rubber bottoms that I was going to have to dump (like a previous pair) if I didn't protect the heal. Shoe repair places wanted more than what the shoe cost and they only had black heal guards.  So I purchased these and found a local store that would fix them for $10. I don't think this is a product you can do it yourself and have a satisfactory result compared to going to a professional.
370. These rip VERY easily. Like when you're unrolling them from the roll. Kind of disappointing
371. I had my gallbladder removed a few years ago and frequently experience nausea and indigestionheartburn. I have tried a ton of natural remedies and medication but nothing helped. Bought these a few weeks ago and have been taking them daily. They keep the nausea at bay and on my bad days help you make my nausea bearable so I am not dry heaving. I have also noticed I haven’t had any indigestion after eating when I take these in the morning. My only complaint is the capsules sometimes get stuck at the back of my throat so make sure you take a drink then put the pill in and get a big gulp of water down with it. Hopefully this helps anyone else who has had their gallbladder removed and still having issues!
372. Never had a glass nail file before.  It is very smooth.   Files nails without snagging.  It comes in a nice leather sleeve to carry in your purse. It’s a pretty design as well. Very satisfied with it.  Hoping it will last much longer than my regular foam file.
373. My son really wanted the characters to play with in the bath. He is a super hero kid. The bubble bath is fine but we really purchased them for the cute, bright figures.
374. As advertised, great product, helps me make smooth vape juice.
375. Update:  Infrared heat therapy is much faster and easier than massage. Downside: reliable units for infrared therapy cost much more than massage. If you have ferocious cramps then it's good to do massage AND infrared therapy (here is an example: https:www.amazon.comFar-Infrared-Amethyst-Mat-MidsizedpB018Q7SZVO?ref=pf_ov_at_pdctrvw_dp&th=1I purchased this Casada at Costco for a much less than the MSRP.This is my second &#34;massaging&#34; cushion-style machine. The first unit was worthless.  I'll compare to a real live human masseuse instead.Don't put your full body weight on the unit. You'll hurt yourself and possibly break the unit too.The cushion style limits the ease of use. If you sit in a chair or sofa - you can only do part of your back with relative ease (from your waistline to the base of your neck). If you use it in your bed and build a tower of pillows and a buttrest, you can get your whole back and more. Wiggling around to get to a new spot is awkward.  You can also get your legs and arms while in bed without the infrastructure.Humans know anatomy. This machine doesn't. Do not rest on the machine if that spot hurts. You're probably hitting bonecartilage and it will hurt for days if you keep going. Shift around until it stops hurting.Massages take time. Even a masseuse needs 2-3  two hours sessions to massage away cramping muscles. If you can commit to that many sessions  in a 3-5 day time frame, you can massage away cramps. A nurse at a hospital (who was also a trained masseuse) informed me about this deadline. If you adhere, you *can* eliminate cramping.I have a pinched nerve in the C5, C6 and C7 vertebrae. I've pinched that nerve many times but always thought it was shoulder cramps until I was in the hospital. If you can't or don't want massage, then ice packs are the way to go. I lay on a giant pack for six hours and by golly it was very effective until the ice melted in the middle of the night. Ice is the hospital recommended way to control pain.After I got out of the hospital, that nerve got pinched *again* BIG TIME. The only reason why I wasn't screaming out loud was because I stuffed a towel in my mouth. This time it was prednisone and lots of painkillers plus ice. I took damage in that nerve all the way to the tips of my thumb, forefinger and index finger which went numb (nerves do heal). My doctor has the same condition and informed me massage, acupuncture could all be helpful but it would keep happening over and over again for the rest of my life.Then I picked up the Casada at Costco wondering if I was grasping at straws (no reviewers at Costco - bummer). The next time the nerve acted up, I started the massages. I found it was better to get the whole back rather than concentrate on just the shoulder in order to get all the muscles to relax. The heat was extremely helpful but the vibration seemed to irritate the nerve. After three sessions in 3 days, the crampingpinched nerve was gone and it stayed away for several months when it happened again. I also had bruises from &#34;resting&#34; on the wrong spots. Given the agony from the pinched nerve, bruises were A-OK.  I've used the machine 3-4 times whenever that nerve acts up and it's been effective every time. Also, fewer bruises as I got better about avoiding trouble and building studier infrastructure.  None of the pinching incidents have ever gotten as bad as the big one.I've been very happy with the Casada but the cramping would start the pinching and wondered why all that salt & bananas wasn't doing it. I found I had all the symptoms of magnesium deficiency - high levels of stress, anxiety WITH cramping (must have both), restless legs and twitching (apparently both are forms of tics). I started supplementing with magnesium and yes, I was deficient because all those symptoms are much improved.Finally, I tried alpha lipoic acid because it's a great antioxidant but it also started healing the nerve damage from the big one. Plus some nerve damage in my back and foot too. I took a break from supplements and the nerve damage in my footback returned eventually (ongoing damage) but the damage in my fingers stayed healed.Although it is by no means perfect, I have no regrets about buying the machine. I do wish I could afford one of those massage chairs, but I don't have the space for it.
376. They fell off the same day I put them on. Waste of money. I tried 4 different pairs.
377. Great quality case that snaps shut with a magnet. Plenty of room for standard glasses. Lots of headroom.Interior Cavity Measures 6&#34; x 3&#34; by  1-34&#34;.Gonna buy another one.
378. The description says it's chargeable. The box says it's not.
379. Eating a few Medjool dates for dessert with orange slices works a lot better and is much less money.
380. I am one of those people who wears my shoes without socks a lot of times, so needless to say, my shoes get a little stinky. I just spray this into them before I put them on, then spray again after I take them off, and this stuff really helps the shoes to not get that sour foot smell. The only thing I dislike is that the scent is REALLY strong, so I have to take it out into the garage to use it, otherwise it makes my closet smell!
381. I love these bags. They are perfect size to make a special gift even better. Great quility and the print is bright and fun.
382. It works well. I was able to clean my bathroom better compared to other cleaning products.
383. I love these sponges!!! tip...cut them in half and they last twice as long. I don't use any other sponges anymore
384. Not my fav cleaner preferred the original item much better.
385. I love this thing. I love that you don't have to change filters ever so often as well.  A lot of people mention the "noise." Have you ever slept in a room with a computer that was "Sleep?" That's what the sound reminds me of. Loud enough to know its there but quiet enough to tune out. So far its kept that nasty diaper pail smell at bay.
386. I bought this despite the mixed reviews and I can say I'm glad I did. It may not be a whirlpool tub but it does move the water around nicely and is very relaxing.
387. It gets clogged very easily, sucks battery life quickly, and doesn't have the best blades. But it works and costs less than a lot of other trimmers on the market.
388. This product came out years ago and back then it was the greatest of all multi vitamins...Now  it's missing the kick that it had back in the day.....NOT WORTH IT!.
389. I am not a vegetarian, but I do use the vegan protein powder, as well as non-vegan. One generally mixes better than the other and there are usually less carbs in the non-vegan. I use them equally and have at least one protein powder serving each day. I typically mix it with my cottage cheese or with raisin bran. I like that this one has stevia in it. I have used stevia for so long that sometimes the one without stevia is too sweet.
390. Didn't work like I thought it should.  I'm very sensitive to certain products and this is one of them.
391. This is my second time of ordering these and I have no problem with them. These are so much cheaper than the name brand. Would recommend highly!!!
392. I found it to be useless for me. I have a cracked tooth. And the bristles on the toothbrush wasn't hard enough for me.
393. It's thicker than expected. But works well.
394. This is an excellent lotion. I put it on my feet last night before bed and woke up this morning with smooth heels.  No other lotion has been as effective.  Getting magnesium without swallowing pills is the icing on the cake.  The product is unscented which means it smells like its component ingredients.  It's not a pretty scent but by no means is it awful either.  It's a clean simple waxy or oily type of scent that I expect will grow on me over time.  I can't imagine ever using anything else to keep my feel smooth and crack-free.
395. I have not received this yet but it doesn't make any difference. This is the best on the market, trust me I know because I have tried them all. It takes half the time of scrubbing, and I use it every day. Things that you think are ruined wont be anymore. The price for this 8 pack puts all the other stores to shame. Unless you have a triple coupon. But you can only buy one. Trust me I am a neat freek. Type A, so anyone that understands this  you know how important it is. I love this Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. You can't go wrong! Thanks, Florida Deb.
396. This is a nice cleaning bundle. You get one bottle that is a streak-less glass cleaner that you can use on either glass surfaces or mirrors. I have had no issues with this and indeed it is streak-less. It works very well and it is pretty much ammonia based like most others are.The other bottle is an all purpose cleaner that works very well on pretty much everything else like your shower, cook top with a greasy mess and everything else that your cleaning hands come across. These 2 cleaners work very well. They smell like cleaning supplies do so no surprise there really.
397. Comes with a cute little mesh zippered bag, I'm guessing is for in the laundry?I'm happy with the feel of these two pairs, and the thickness is just right.Package arrived timely and in goodcondition, after some washing and wearing I will update your product againVery great purchase
398. works great
399. Not a fan of this, it's very nice to stare at or as decoration for the bathroom, the little cup they come on is cute and they look pretty, bu otherwise as far as soap goes it comes apart super easily. I would have to say 1 soap lasted me for about 2-3 times on the shower. Honestly I only took them to see if they were nice and they fall apart super easily also have a rough texture to them which is kind of strange considering they come apart really easily. The soap doesn't feel like soap at all though and doesn't make a lot of bubbles either it's just weird. In my opinion if you want it as a visual for your bathroom or just for decorating it's really fine but as far as soap goes, I'm sorry to say, one of the worst I've bought so far :s
400. I have been using these reusable pads all week long. One lasts me all day long - I use them for slight incontinence - and they keep me feeling fresh. I will wash them in a gentle wash in a mesh bag and dry them flat. They should keep me in business for some time.
401. I bought this because I live in an old house and have paint chips everywhere. Who doesn't right?  The concept is great.  I've searched everywhere - there isn't anything even close to this good.  Those stupid nailpolish bottles won't do - I mean can you honestly fill them up???  So yes these are near perfect. They hold a ton, have space to label, etc.  They are great.My only complaint and perhaps this is just me is that after a lot of usage, the felt pad on every one of them fell off!  So after quite a few touch-ups I had to switch over to squeezing the paint onto a foam brush and then continuing the project.  It kind of defeated the purpose.  It was still convenient because I had the foam brush in the house (thank goodness), but it was still easier than getting a paint can out, etc.  Even at that, I would still purchase again, I just keep a little stash of foam brushes together with these so I remember for when I do my next set of touch-ups.  Not a deal-breaker, just something to be aware of.
402. I have all of the Downy Infusion varieties to come out of the bottle like a white mud. It is gloppy and a mess to work with and will definitely stain your clothes if it lands on a piece of cloth without the agitation of the washer working immediately. At first, I thought the product had &#34;gone bad&#34; because I thought that there was no way any company would make such a disgusting mess. I was wrong. ALL of the &#34;Downy Infusion&#34; products are like this one.
403. Just like washcloth good product!Ann H, MD
404. Nice kit for my son
405. Astragalus has many health benefits including immune support, liver cleansing, healthy skin, and stress support. It's a great adaptogen if you have trouble sleeping due to stress. The powder is slightly sweet and mixes easily into liquids. If taking for sleep support, I suggest using it an hour before bed.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
406. Product Review: Best product of its type I’ve ever used. This unflavored no sugar added  version makes it more versatile: any cool, clear liquid. (No milk or smoothies!)  Keeps my blood sugar steady, keeps me regular, and I don’t feel as hungry. I believe it has contributed to my weight loss.**Price Review: Last time I looked at this listing — TWO DAYS AGO — the lowest price was $54 per canister, and there were only two vendors.Just now, the lowest price is $28.99. Almost a 50% drop, and not much different from when  the product was available in LA area stores. So I bought two canisters. Before tax, $58. Saturday, two days ago, before tax would have been $108.  Now there are 36 vendors whose prices range from $28.99 to $64.99.Don’t know if this means the availability problem has been resolved, or just for the time being.  The Metamucil Company, earlier this year,  had announced they were experiencing significant supply chain problems that were affecting their business all over the world.So I’d say jump on this price — best one I’ve seen in a long time. And start looking for this product in stores. And cross your fingers.🤞
407. Works well and seems to last awhile
408. It starts off good but then after 2 min it starts hurting alot. It doesnt feel like a massage. It feels like some one is pinchin ur next. It has a warm function doesnt work proparly. One thing i was impress the way it comes packed. Very good on that!!
409. They are needed because I have a stigmatism in both eyes.  I love how compact they are!
410. Much prettier than I expected.  The foil printing is crisp and clear, and the bag is constructed of heavyweight paper -- almost card stock weight.  The tiehandle is a nice quality sheer ribbon the same color as the background (a beigetan).  Everything is strong and well constructed.  Really really nice.  The bag really dresses up a bottle of wine (I used one today to take a bottle of wine to Thanksgiving dinner at a friend's house).
411. I wanted the try this product cause it had Diindolylmethane (DIM); a estrogen blocker which helps with bloating and water retention. I didn’t notice any difference in the gym and I kept my body building diet intact. I did see a little difference in appearance and I drop a percentage of body fat. I used the product for a month and I’m 6 feet , 235. I think you need to use it for a good 60 days to see results.
412. The white chocolate cookie is my favorite flavor so far. It taste almost like the Hershey's cookies and cream candy. It's not as healthy as my favorite protein bar (raw rev glo creamy peanut butter), but tastier! I'm actually keeping this subscription. I wish it was cheaper. Even with the 15% discount, it's still pretty expensive!
413. a total fail, threw most of the bottle away.  Simply going for acupuncture was enough, no need to buy every herb they recommend.
414. This is a liquid. You use this to strengthen your bones and it can also be used to improve your nails, hair, skin and joints. If you only want to strengthen the bones, use 6 drops in a liquid once daily. To improve everything else, you would use 6 drops twice daily.
415. I received my diffuser today and it is working.  It is a very nice diffuser.  Seems to work well with my essential oils smell heavenly.  It is a very pretty diffuser.  The bottom feels a little plasticy, but as long as it works.  The lights were as they should and the timer works as it should and the diffuser has two different rates at which to diffuse.  I have mine on the lower one and I have had it running for 2 days.  You can't beat the size.  It does wonders with just 6 drops and it is so Easy to clean.  This Diffuser is prettier than the one I had before that was similar but only diffused 300ml instead of 500ml.  You may think that is minor only 200ml and it may seem it, but if you use yours all the time, there is a big difference.  I definitely recommend this diffuser.
416. You get 2 bowls and they are so pretty. I got 2 white ones. They come with lids.
417. I love this voice-activated clock!  It's extremely easy to use, and lets me record daily or one-time reminders for absolutely everything (time to leave for an appointment, time to take medicine, time to turn off cooling fans after they've run for 30 minutes, etc.).  It speaks with a pleasing, polite female voice, and easily understands both male and female voice commands.  If there is moderate background noise, it may not understand some spoken commands, but muting the TV took care of this for me.The clock is very easy to set up.  You insert batteries (to hold your custom settings during power outages); plug the clock in; and use the manual setup ONCE to set the month, day, and year.  After that, you simply say "Reminder assistant".  The clock will respond, "What can I do for you?", and wait for you to answer with one of the 12 standard commands (for example, "What time is it?", "What day is it?", "Record reminder", "Play reminder", "Set alarm", "Snooze").  If you can't remember a phrase, you say "Help", and the clock will explain all of the commands.  To perform any function, all you need to do is follow the clock's voice prompts.You do have to use exact command phrases (which is why my clock is named "Jo", after the strict, do-it-by-the-book cop in the SyFy series "Eureka").  I would like to be able to record my own command phrases, but of course that would make the clock harder to set up, and would probably make it cost more, too.  You record reminder messages--anything that fits into six seconds--in your own voice, tell the clock the time for the reminder, and whether or not it is a one-time or recurring reminder.  At the assigned time, the clock plays your message, and repeats it until you say "Reminder off". Reminders apparently do not turn off until you issue a command--I tested one reminder for 10 minutes, and it did NOT turn off automatically.The clock's big, blue, digital display is very bright, even when set to "dim".  All of the clock functions can be performed manually, using buttons on the clock back--but it is rarely necessary to use manual commands.  There is an onoff switch on the clock back that controls the daily alarm clock, which I have set to permanent "off", because I use the clock for short-term reminders, and to keep track of the day of the week (it's easy to forget the day, when you work from home).For short-term reminders, I much prefer to use this clock instead of my Talking Timer (), because the Talking Timer has a distracting vocal minute-by-minute countdown for the last ten minutes (useful for cooking), and is a single-event timer.  The iTalk Reminder Assistant Voice-Activated Clock allows you to record up to ten reminders, which run simultaneously, and it simply plays your recorded reminder when "Time's Up!" (without any countdown).
418. I find this cushion really works well when I can keep it in place. It is a little heavier than similar ones since it is made out of that gel kind of stuff the seat cushion is made of,  and comes with a nice cover. So with my particular chair it kept slipping a little lower than I wanted it. Has a Very Nice Adjustable strap with a nice plastic clip. I imagine on many chairs it might work better. I could not sit up straight comfortably in this chair until I had this back cushion and since I can place it where I want, it works great! I simply put a strap vertically from the top down and around the strap so it stays at the right height for me now! Very Nice Product. I enjoy that it is no hard and there is a little Give to it.
419. Rusted after 3 months....not high quality medical grade steal....bummer
420. This case is not as small as I expected but it is still small enough to travel with. There are four large compartments that will hold many small pills or several large pills or supplements. The push button open pops open the top but the lid only stays open at an angle unless I push it up. I like the color and feel of this case and it certainly has a purpose for the right application. The silicone loop can be used to loop it through something like a carabiner, etc.
421. I wish it made a sound as well as the light, because now my partner just turns the bottle around to ignore the light.
422. Don’t let the subtitles put you off - my dad hates them, but started watching with me and we were both in tears laughing
423. Bought this in conjunction w the 30% peel. Love it alone. Has made a significant improvement in my skin, just in 1 week. Started it w the peel and used it 2xday as described, but did my second peel 1 week later, as described and the peel actually burned my skin around my nose and mouth. May just stick to this or very short (1-2min), monthly peels in addition to this. Use caution when using this w the peel!Will definitely be adding Prep to my daily routine! Love it!
424. I think it helped my breath and seems to have improved bad taste in my mouth but I took this along with doing a detailed dental hygiene program so can't say how much this contributed. I plan to continue it a while longer then stop while continuing hygiene program to see if symptoms return. After that I can update my opinion.
425. I do not care for the packaging.At first, I thought the cut outs were neat. I like how there is a spot to store the cup, and the access area to the spout is tidy looking.Then it came time to pour product into the cup, and WHOA it comes pouring out. I really need to be on top of turning it off real quick lest I overflow my cup..again. So, in the future I will return to their regular bottles. If I had an empty I would pour this into that.The Dreft laundry detergent itself? LOVE IT. Smells SO GOOD... to me. MmmmmI have been using Dreft products on and off since 2007. I do not have kids, but at some point I ended up with the stain remover spray, which is awesome stuff. Then I would buy the detergent once in awhile, especially for use with my cats and dogs bedding. I hadn't purchased any in a long time,  I think a lot of other gentle products came to market and I simply got away from it (not the stain remover though, still the best for me). Forward to this box of detergent. I really don't recall now what the detergent of the past smells like but I really like the way this smells. It is similar to a few others out there- floral, sweet. You may or may not like it. I like it. It works well with anything I have washed so far. If the scent has changed any, I understand why some would not like it-- sometimes we want what is familiar to use and what has worked.Really not sure why anyone would think this was fake? It is sold by Dreft, not a 3rd party. Go to their page and it is ALL Dreft items. Anyway.. the detergent works as expected. Smells good too! Box.. eh, I could do without that. Use it as a refill if you really want the box style and not have more bottles building up.
426. First time trying. Highly recommend.
427. I have had Tinea Versacolor all my adult life. Beside a doctor's prescription, this is the only lotion that worked for me in about a week.
428. Very nice taste. I guess it adds something to health, cannot detect what exactly, but it tastes real nice and reminds me of berries I miss so much, living in the tropics.
429. I love the fit, comfort and my safety with this mask and the filters.  However,  these protect YOU but NOT OTHERS (due to the value).  I will continue to use mine during my infrequent outings and errands, but will put electrical tape on valve.  Be aware that some airlines will not allow you to board with valve masks.
430. This set is so stinking cute, I love how every tool matches the case perfectly. However o don't feel like these tools warrant the price.: They feel a bit flimsy and the clippers especially aren't as sharp as some of my drugstore bought nail clippers. If this was only about $10 Id think it was worth it, but def not worth +$20 imo
431. I give this a solid 4-stars because it contains lots of good ingredients and tastes reasonably good.  I thought it seemed to help my digestive system, but haven't taken it long enough to know for sure.  The only problem that I found with this is that it doesn't mix up really well in a glass of water.  You have to stir it quite a bit and you still seem to have small pieces and residue that doesn't mix in well.  This is the first time I have really tried a "superfood".  I tried the green one (vegetable mostly), but am thinking of also trying the red (more fruit, I assume).  For less money, you can probably buy fruits and veggies that will give you the same nutrition, but this may be more concentrated and probably a decent partial substitute for not eating correctly.  The only bad ingredient that I could see is that it contains some sugar.
432. These hair cutting shears work wonderfully.  They're very sharp and cut with precision.  The price was extremely reasonable.  I would recommend buying these if you cut hair.  They're great to have around the house if you want to trim your bangs in between hair cuts.
433. Seems like a quality product from a brand I trust. So far no stomach discomfort and seems like a supplement I can benifit from. Hoping it gives me more energy
434. Wow this is or can be your light on steroids go for it you will be very satisfied
435. I have used it before.
436. These are definitely heavy duty clippers! I got them for my husband because he said his clippers were not doing the job well anymore. He told me to get a better quality clipper so I researched for a little while and saw these with good reviews. My husband said they scared him on the first clip he did! hahahahaha  I think these could cut metal if you tried it. LOL
437. The fit is too tight and very thin material the friction alone will cause it to break it needs to be redesigned and thicker so it won't break easily.
438. It says to put in your favorite drink.  I was drinking generic diet soda, so I put a packet in.  It really didn't mix well at all.  There was actually a lump of it in the bottom of the cup.  So maybe they should be more specific on which drinks it can go into.
439. waste of money. doesnt clean anything
440. THINGS ARE NOT MADE AS GOOD NOW DAYS THE WAY THEY USE TO.
441. I have bought many different brands that are “biodegradable” . These hold up and do not put off a bad smell!!
442. I will be using this in between waxes. I have been traying to wax almost after every wash because the cars stay cleaner longer. I've switch to alternating with this  in between waxes and it provides the same amount duration. Very shinny and much faster than waxing. Waxing a mini van is no fun. :)
443. Perfect bag for holding a dozen homemade cookies.
444. A waste of my money, don't work at all
445. I like using this right after a shower. AND, it came with a lovely silk-like case.
446. Great product. Used for years.
447. Decent flavor. Taste similar to some name brands I have tried. Filled me up for the morning. Not too grainy. Love how much nutrition is packed in each drink. The bottle is also a nice size.
448. Just as described. Would buy from this seller again
449. It could be a little stronger?
450. Colors are great, price is good. I noticed someTubes not completely full, with air coming out before paint. I use a lot of white so that was gone before I even opened most other colors. This is a good starter set as long as a gloss and extra white is ordered separate.Also if stored for a long period I would use a plastic bag to seal them in because the caps are not that tight.
451. This product is amazing!!!!! I hate having to do hot compresses when I get a stye and I don't feel like they help much. Usually my styes are gone in 4 or 5 days but this last stye was the worst I have ever had. After 10 days of discomfort, ugliness, and hot compresses it was still huge and lookimg like there was no end in sight. Then I found this product and one of the reviews I read had me sold. I recieved this product on Sunday and it is now Thursday and it is already almost gone. The biggest bonus is that the product has caused it to drain with no need of heat compresses. Also a little goes a long way. The instructions say use three drops but I have that one is way more than plenty to get the job done. This was well worth the money! It is also better than the prescription that I got from the doctor which would burn my eye if it got on it.
452. Very good but smaller than expected so for that reason I will probably buy locally next time.
453. Super cute packaging and they smell and taste great!
454. I sprayed the back, seat and arms of a old chair that I recently had re-upholstered and didn't want stains to get on the new fabric.  This product sprays easily and I layed  it on pretty heavy and used up the can.  It didn't chain the color of the fabric and it smells fine.  I don't know at this time how well my fabric will protected from food drops and animal dirt.  It seems so far to be a good product.
455. Needed these to replace the batteries in my motion detectors.  They're a great value.
456. they work  its worth the money.  Very gentle  nice experience when compared to abrasive coated files
457. It's just as good as the name brand. It's  petroleum jelly. 7.5 oz.
458. THE ARE NOT ARCH SUPPORTED
459. I read somewhere that in Ancient Egypt, silver was prized even more highly than gold.  Do you think it was because they knew that Silver has the ability to prevent and cure disease???  Throughout human history it has been used to sanitize everything from drinking water to surfaces.  Over the past several years I have been discovering the value of silver as a disinfectant, antimicrobial and antiviral remedy.  First, I found nano silver in a liquid form that it ingested internally.  That was 4 years ago and I haven't been sick since my first dose.  My latest discovery is silver ointment and gels for the skin.  WOW!Now, I have been using the Silver Shield Gel for external applications and it is every bit as effective for cuts, blisters, blemishes, acne, boils and all other problems the present on the skin.  I dab a little bit of this on any kind of eruption and it is usually gone within 24 hours.  I cannot believe that an inexpensive, natural and safe substance can be so effective and yet there are so many people who don't know about it!Silver Shield and Silver Sol are two products that belong in every person's first-aid kit.  Get Some!  :-)
460. A lot of well made cotton.  I was expecting a little fluffier but I could use for the purpose I purchased it for.  Great speed and packing.  Arrived quickly.
461. I like this type of whitener as it forms to your teeth.  Happy to find this since I could not find in store
462. Loved it so much&#60; i bought a second for a friend!
463. Looking at the bristles of the JSK Replacement Toothbrush Heads, they look similar to the Philips Sonicare HX902365 but be aware that these replacement heads do not have the RF chips that the higher-priced Sonicare brushes require.  The bristles are described as soft and because I actually prefer medium brushes, these were a little bit soft for me.The packaging is nice and simple.  It's a simple cardboard box that contains the brush heads in their own individual plastic wrappers that are easy to open.  No blister packs to deal with.If you own a basic Sonicare brush, this is a solid replacement that you wouldn't try to use for longer than recommended because of how much the originals cost.
464. The case looks nice but it’s difficult to open, this issue is made worse when trying to pry open your pills are scattered across the room.
465. I use different sore musclearthritic pain relief creams. A lot of them work-some don't. This cream from Best Naturals works! I have arthritis plus I have sore muscles in my neck. Now I have decided to add back pain to my list. It sucks! I have a lot of trouble falling asleep if I have one of these pains acting up. I decided to try out this Muscle & Joint Pain Relief Cream. It sure helps with my pain! Within a short while, I can actually feel relief. I can fall asleep & stay asleep all night & wake up with no pain. It lasts that long for me. I have learned with all of these creams to wash my hands very well to avoid contact with my eyes. A good tip to know! This cream doesn't burn or irritate my skin. I did receive it at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. Thank You!
466. These are OK for people who don't need and arch lift.
467. Brush crushed when it arrived.. couldn't use it
468. I like this product, even better that it is talc free.  Love the scent.
469. I found out about these  adhesive pads by accident from the creator, "Chris", and he explained to me about how he went to China and worked with the manufacturer of that special "KT" tape, to make these pads. Well I've been using the  sensor cover pads for a week now and I'm very impressed Chris. I guess you forgot about the other items, but that's okay the sensor cover are Great.  Thanks  So I wrote the original review after receiving my first box of sensor covers back in November of last year. Of that order I have 3 left, (even gave out a couple of samples to other people), and have just received my second order of these Great sensor covers. I can not stress enough how great this product is, except to say make sure your arm is completely dry from the alcohol pad before applying the cover.
470. I already take Eleuthero every morning on the advice of my naturopath, to help me keep my spirits up in my life moving forward even though I have very full workdays and a very full home life with small children.This product, Ashwagandha, seems to be in every kind of adaptogenic blend lately, from numerous brands, and it is getting a lot of press. I can see why! On the days I have taken this, I have felt an obvious and notable boost in my feelings of energy, feelings of well-being and feeling cheerful and contented, and definitely felt more energetic and able to cope with the demands that life throws at me.I have only taken the half teaspoon dose noted as the smallest dose suggested. So far, I have not found any kind of a spoon or scoop inside of the product that would help me know an accurate dose, so I have been getting out my cumbersome set of cooking measuring spoons to measure out my half teaspoon.The flavor is not my favorite, when I put it in my morning cup of chai, the flavor really dominates to where I cannot appreciate the chai flavor much at all. I am considering other ways of consuming it, such as in just a little shot of water, but haven't yet experimented with this. It would probably go a little bit better a smoothie containing a lot of peanut butter or a heavier flavor like chocolate.Overall, I'm really impressed with the obvious purity and efficacy of this.
471. the outside of this dildo is super rough and looks like its pulling apart and the head is big and hard. the veins on this dildo are rock hard and hurt during play.
472. These work well for me.  They are the right softness and I have no complaints.  The only thing is that I need glasses to see, my current toothpaste is green, the same color as the brush, and it is hard for me to see how much I have on the bristles.  LOL  My next tube of toothpaste will be a different color.Anyway,  these do work well for me and I am happy to have them.
473. I was a little concerned about this because I have never used this brand before.  I am so glad I gave it a shot,  because  it works really well.  It's strong and easy to shape around my bowls.  I will buy more soon.
474. Perfect for the office. People love them!
475. Set is very nice. Needed some birthday supplies for my mom’s Covid Stay at Home Birthday. Make sure you have small hellium tank or access to one
476. I am happy with both the toothpaste and brush.  I feel my teeth look brighter and gums healthier.  Still have a  lot more to use to see if I get amazing results.  Will keep everyone posted.
477. All stuck together.
478. These are cute. I wish they came with something else, but they do the job of tipping cupcakes just fine.
479. Bottles are mislabeled- they say unscented but it is scented as the listing says. Scent is pretty good. Product works decently at stain removal.
480. Perfect balance of soft bristles that are firm enough to work into the beard. Great product. Don't skimp on buying cheap. Made the mistake, and cheap boars hair feels like plastic.
481. I love this, it's absorbent but not bulky. Does not take up a lot of room in my gym bag
482. Useful for incapacitated people.
483. Plant protein is a better choice for your overall health. The texture of most is less than desirable. This powder has a non-gritty texture that is easier to palate. The taste is also an improvement. The blend of plants is different than some others I've tried. The watermelon seeds are a novel addition. You may need to add more liquid to this than with whey if you don't like a super thick shake.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
484. Used these pom poms for my wives baby shower decor.. They are beautiful.. I will recommend this product
485. I work out and always looking for a protein bar to use as a snack.  These bars tasted great. I bought the variety pack. Ignore the negative reviews.... I have read most all the negative feedback and I disagree. I am enjoying my bars and will buy again from this company. Eating healthy is a lifestyle!
486. They work but no longer than 6 days just like Energizers, & Duracell. Price on the package was good & shipping was right on time just wish they lasted longer than 6 days.
487. These are easy to make and lots of fun too.  Comes with all the ingredients you need to make some nice bath bombs.  The kit not only makes a great gift for any creative person, but you can also make gifts too.
488. I have bought this product in the past in several colors, and let me just say I only use it on my toenails. I am not a fingernail polish girl - I have never been able to get ANY brand to stay on my fingernails for even a full day. This polish stays great on toenails though. It is actually more durable than conventional polish.I bought this in the Vintage Merlot color this time and it is stunning. It is a creamy dark red with purple undertones (pretty true to merlot color). I wasn't expecting to like it so much. It is almost a dead ringer for my old favorite OPI nail polish, Mrs. O'Leary's BBQ. I am more than happy with this nail polish.
489. I bought these eyeglass cases to replace an identical, old case. My original case lasted 10 years. Glad to find this value pack. Love the magnetic closure. They were well package that arrived on time.
490. My mom absolute love these. These were the only ones that would not slide off her nose.
491. This is the second neck traction pillow I have tried. While they are very similar and accomplish the same goal, this one is a bit softer and has a bit more give than the other one I tried. Personally, I like this one better. At 5’-4”, I think this one fits me better. I’ve had my family members try both, and they had different preferences. My son, who is a foot taller than me at 6’-4” preferred the “harder” one. From that, I have to surmise that being taller, with a longer neck so his head falls back farther, the firmer one is better suited to taller people, but I also have to believe the decision is going to be highly personal.As far as the results, I’m extremely pleased with the noticeable improvement in my neck and shoulder pain. Since I work all day at a computer, I always seem to have tension in my neck. If I take a break and use the traction pillow a couple of times during the day, the relief is immediate. It does take some getting used to, I found it quite uncomfortable at first and had to gradually build the amount of time I could lie on it, but it’s much more natural now and I look forward to my few minutes on it.If you’re looking for an inexpensive, medication-free way to relieve some neck pain, I highly recommend giving this neck pillow a try.
492. I had bought this to clean my water bottle. The brush is made of dense, soft foam chunks, and looks like it would work great -- but it's too big to fit into the mouth of my reusable water bottle. You can't even squeeze the foam enough to cram it into the bottle. It's just too big. Would probably be great for washing pitchers and jars, and better than regular brushes because it has more surface area to clean with, but I was disappointed that I couldn't use it for what I intended.
493. I have tried just about every type of powder and potion available to help control my recurring "jock itch" and extreme sweating.  This is the first one that truly helped me.  I HATE anything with menthol.  I guess it's my skin or maybe because of the irritation I get from chafing, but mentholated products really BURN my balls!!  I don't even like putting that stuff on my back (which sweats insanely) or anyplace else on my body.  Thank God these guys have an Unscented formula of this powder that doesn't have menthol in it or anything else my skin reacts to sensitively.  Just please promise me you guys won't add menthol to your unscented powder!!  I think it's in the other two scents you make, and I know loads of guys like that "cooling" sensation - but this guy can't take the BURN.  Thanks again for an excellent product.  The three pack is a great deal plus I like knowing proceeds go to fight testicular cancer as I've known two guys who had it - one was my uncle and I don't want to think of anybody going through what he endured.
494. A little pricey but really like it
495. I bought mine at Walgreens last night. For 9.99 this product is more than a good value. Spins great. Brushes have not fallen off. I have used it 4 times and perfect each time. My face feels so smooth and so clean! I would buy again, and def plan to when needed!
496. There is no scent unless you stick your face right up on these so they are pretty worthless as air fresheners. I tried this in a closet, in an office and in a drawer. Nothing. I recommend you don't waste your money.
497. This thing is tuff
498. Product arrived on time. I use it to help relax at night before going to bed. Most nights it just requires one pill, occasionally two hours later if I'm still not asleep I will take an extra pill. I believe it works off of your body weight. I will be ordering this again.
499. This is a great toy!  We've been very impressed with it.  It is roughly the same size as the average guy, so no need to work your way up to it.  Material is very soft and realistic...Looks just right, too.  My wife said "It looks just like yours," so I guess that's a good thing.  HahaSuction cup works fine on a tiled shower wall as well.  Since there are no batteries or anything to worry about, cleaning is really easy.Comes in a plain brown box.  No surprises on the doorstep.  Overall, a great experience.
500. I like the size of these boxes. They are small - the interior dimensions are 3.5 inches by 4 inches, and it's about 1.5 inches deep. It's a good size for items such as jewelry or other similar items. However, the build quality is so poor that these are pretty useless as gift boxes.It folds together like most gift boxes, with the sides held in by adhesive pads. However, the cut accuracy is poor, so the sides don't meet up well with the top (or each other). The magnetic flap will not hold shut. The carboard is thin and doesn't have a substantial feel. Instead of having a box that dresses up what's inside, this box cheapens the contents since it looks and feels so poorly made. And won't even stay shut!The cost is way out of range for such a poorly made gift box. It's not something I would recommend. One star.
501. Sticks to glass ok, but needs to be adjusted every few days.
502. Really love these! clear lenses. nice style and priced well. Use them for quilting, reading, computer. great for all these uses and more!
503. We are happy with this product.  We needed to get off ascorbic acid and this is a good source of natural vitamin C. Powder is easy to measure out.  Good packaging.  Organic & raw.
504. My pulmonologist has NAC on his respiratory immunity supplement list like zinc, etc. I was unfamiliar with NAC until a few months ago. So far, no covid symptoms.NAC is listed among potential life-extension supplements planned for future in depth study. So far, I'm still kicking. It must be working—no negative metabolic side effects to report. The combination of NAC and TUDCA did a great job normalizing a couple of marginal liver panel test results.
505. These sunglasses slid right on and stayed on. They are dark lens, which is what I wanted. Perfect fit for my medium sized face. Good clear glass.
506. great product at a great price  Fast delivery
507. The taste of this meal-replacement powder is palatable. It also mixes well, and as advertised, it is very filling.If you are used to supplementing your diet with vegan protein powder, it is important to note that this product is not the same thing. It has about three times the calories of vegan protein powder (such as plain, unadulterated, organic, rice protein powder) for about the same amount of protein, and a lot of other ingredients as well. Two rounded scoops have 400 calories. They provide 20 grams of fat (about 12 the average, daily allotment of fat calories), 41 grams of carbohydrates (with 15 grams of sugar and 6 grams of fiber, which is 15 the daily fiber requirement), and 20 grams of protein (about 13 to 12 of the daily requirement for protein).This expensive product is advertised as being a healthfood and, on the surface, it has some of the elements of a healthy product, including vitamins and minerals. However, for my money, as a frugal and health-conscious consumer, it has too many issues to deserve to be called healthy.First, this product is NOT organic, and its protein content comes entirely from soy. Over 93% of non-organic soybeans grown in the USA are GMO. There is a similar problem with non-organic canola oil. Since 1995, the notorious chemical giant, Monsanto, has been consistently genetically modifying rapeseeds, the source of canola oil, until currently about 90% of the world's canola crop is GMO. (The leading producers of rapeseed include the European Union, Canada, China, India, and Australia. The USA is the largest importer of rapeseed in the world and receives the bulk of its rapeseed from Canada.) Note that, if organic, canola oil is not a bad choice in and of itself. It consists mostly of healthy monounsaturated fat (61%, which is almost as much as olive oil) and a relatively low percentage of unhealthy polyunsaturated fats (32%). It contains a relatively small amount (7%) of saturated fats.Second, in and of itself, even if organic, soy can have a negative impact on the thyroid, particularly in women. So it is not a good idea to consume soy products, such as this one, on a regular basis.Third, this product contains the artificial sweetener, sucralose. Health conscious individuals avoid it because there are strong indications that it can reduce beneficial gut microflora. It is also harmful to the liver, kidneys, thymus and lymph nodes. For these reasons, it should rarely, if ever, be ingested, making it a bad idea to include it in a product such as this, which is intended for frequent consumption.Fourth, I try to avoid products which include natural flavor. The definition of natural flavor under the Code of Federal Regulations is: "The essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional" (21CFR101.22). That essentially means that natural flavor is derived from a real food, but the process by which it is derived is unexplained and there is no way to know how safe or healthy a natural flavoring is.Rather than using this product, I think it would be cheaper, healthier, and definitely safer, to simply take a multivitamin pill and drink some plain protein powder in water, juice or in a smoothie and consume healthy, organic fats, such as coconut oil, nuts or olive oil, rather than the GMO canola oil in this product. I certainly would not consider buying this product again.Ingredients: Soy protein isolate, high oleic canola oil, maltodextrin, isomaltulose, soluble corn fiber, modified food starch, potassium chloride, magnesium phosphate, tricalcium phosphate, soy lecithin, dipotassium phosphate, mono & diglylceride, salt, choline chloride, natural flavor, xanthan gum, sodium ascorbate, mixed tocopherol, DL-alpha tocopheryl acetate, ferrous gluconate, zinc sulfate, D-calcium pantothenate, niacinamide, sucralose, thiamine hydrochloride, copper gluconate, pyridoxine hydrochloride, manganese sulfate, riboflavin, vitamin A palmitate, potassium iodide, chromium chloride, biotin, folic acid, sodium molybdate, phytonadione, sodium selenite, vitamine D2, vitamin B12.
508. Had the pleasure of getting some of these at a party a week ago, and my liver is so grateful!- Typical headache non-existent.- Became functional almost immediately.I've used plenty of other products, and while some aren't bad, this one was just better. Definitely an insta-buy for me!Being a Vegas resident that parties more then he should, this is an extremely useful product.
509. Both work fine - the thinning scissors helpful
510. Wow, this is a really heavy duty cover, very think.It covers my Pride Maxima 4 wheel scooter with room to spare.
511. As with the other reviewer, we also used the wrong length long screw for the attachment of the soap bar onto the seat.  We also ended up with a protruding screw in the middle of the seat.  We took the screw back out, and then used the shorter length screw.  Since we were left with protruding hard plastic in the middle of the seat, my husband pounded it down with a hammer to make it smooth.  The lesson of this story is make sure you are using the correct length screws.As far as the shower seat itself, it seems very sturdy.  I like the wide rubber feet. Each rubber foot is 3 inches in diameter.  Each leg has six adjustable heights to the height you desire.  The seat is 20 inches by 11 inches and has handles on the long ends to lift yourself up.  The soap dish is nice but sits too close to the seat.  When you raise your rightleft hand to grab the soap, the rightleft hand keeps hitting the soap dish.  Make sure you take extreme care.  A blue mesh bag hanger for other toiletries is also included.  It is a good shower seat except for the two negative things I mentioned.  I feel comfortable enough to allow my elderly father to use this shower seat.
512. I use this Make Frappuccino’s 1 teaspoon mixed with a scoop of ice and 6 ounces of cold brew whatever kind you want I like Khalifa brand with almond milk totally delicious perfect Frappuccino way way less sugar
513. It is a good product....
514. Not to mention myself. I have spilled mugs of coffee on my couch. The dogs have dribbled all over and Lord only knows what my husband has done. I sprayed the sofa with this to prevent stains. I haven't seen a stain yet.
515. On a ketogenic diet, you drink a lot of water and you lose a lot of water so you constantly have to replenish your electrolytes. This solution contains the perfect balance of minerals that you need and they're in a concentrated form so you can easily carry the bottle with you in your gym bag or purse. The dropper has measurements marked on it so you can tell how much you're taking. You just add it to plain or sparkling water. It tastes a little salty, but that's to be expected - salt is good on Keto. It replaces 4 individual supplements I was taking and I like that it's portable. It would also be very useful for anyone who is doing heavy workouts, sports or work outdoors in hot weather. Highly recommended.
516. Cleaning isn't fun by any means, but having tools to make it less of a chore is great. This is a nice set to help keep your floors clean. There are two sides, one for your wash water and one that is dry. You dunk your mop in the wash water, there is a squeegee like thing on the side that the mop head scrapes against to get the water off and the second chamber squishes out even more water. I would like that second part to be a between mopping and dunking so you aren't just getting your water dirty and dunking your mop in dirty water again. The squeezing out of the water keeps the mop head pretty dry and your floors dry quickly. The squeegee tool also makes it so you don't have to touch the mop head which is great. There isn't anything scratchy on the pad, which is good, but I wish there was a spot for dried on stains. I try to spot treat those and pick them up later. The handle is unfortunate and pops out of place, which makes carrying the bucket precarious, even though it is light it can pull the handle out of it's notch. There are drain holes on the top of the wash side where you tip the bucket upside down to drain the dirty water. Just leave it upside down a while and it will dry out.
517. Just got it.  Doesn't turn on.
518. These are awesome. It really keeps my bubbler clean. Thanks!
519. This is a nice supplement by Hair Envy. You get easy to swallow capsules that are tasteless really. It has a lot of Biotin and Keratin in it that will help you grow strong and healthy hair. This is also good for your skin and nails. I think taking a supplement works better than a topical application (i.e. shampoo or conditioner) but trying both may work best?My nails have been breaking a lot and my hair is on the thinner side. So it is more than time to do something about it. Taking this supplement has definitely helped, I can notice the difference in my nails. Seeing a difference in the hair will take a long time, especially if you have long hair like myself. Mine goes half way down my back at this point so seeing and improvement will take time.
520. Pros: Handy dandy pump prevents mess.  Takes up little space.Cons: Can be difficult to get to the bottom, as you need to aim down to get it into the fabric softener dispenser.
521. I have never used a eyelash curler before in my life. I bought this one because it was reasonably priced and the reviews were good. So far it is working fine for me . I use videos and friendly advice to use them. I do not have long lashes naturally. So maybe next I will try false eyelashes. This stuff is on my bucket list.
522. Really a necessity for a scooter!
523. Used these last night they worked really well. I love that they are homeopathic and can be taken with other medications without worry of interaction.
524. MagSRT provides a higher dose than other available slow release formulas, and avoids the digestive distress that can be associated with regular release versions. However, given the cost, I would not recommend this as a first line magnesium supplement - try a regular release version, then a lower dose slow release if needed, and use this only if you require both the slow release and the higher dose.This version of MagSrt also provides B vitamin supplementation (B6, B12, Folate), which they say enhances absorption of the magnesium. The evidence for this is quite thin - some limited in vitro studies, but no in vivo human trials with positive results that I'm aware of. That said, there's no particular problem with the B vitamins being in the mix, except you may be taking something you don't need. Jigsaw does offer a B vitamin free version (MagSRT B Free), although the cost is the same.The pills are large, but not absurd (as some supplements can be), and have a uniquely smooth coating that makes them easy to get down. They have no particular odor or taste and no aftertaste. They can be split cleanly with a pill cutter, although I don't know what impact this has on absorption.Four stars for quality, one off because of the cost. A years worth, at the recommended dose (4 pillsday) is over $250.
525. These were perfect tablecloths for a sports themed party we were having.  They look like grass and were a great accent to the other decorations.  They aren't very thick, so they are definitely one use only.
526. This worked very well for covering my dish to take to the potluck. It was clingy like what I am used to but had the added bonus of being compostable!
527. First off I really liked the packaging. Inside the box were two different boxes of the bandages. They are the fabric type bandages. They were enclosed in very sealed packages themselves and were easy to open. The bandages were stretchy so you can form around what you need to cover. The fabric of the bandage was strong. I really liked these bandages and they are well worth the $.
528. One of those things that make you say 'why didn't I invent this?' Great solution for those with glasses, especially ones with frames that can't really be adjusted.
529. It works well for vaping
530. its really good
531. My daughter-in-law loved this present especially the part where it came with earplugs in order to relax and enjoy it
532. I like the Toniiq hydration vitamin. It is easier for me to take this to get hydrated and vitamins all in one. With diabetes II, after I take my medication, I tend to get dehydrated, no matter how much water I drink. Then I start feeling yucky. So I take Toniiq to rehydrate and feel better.
533. I'm buying 2 more pair now so I have a pair for each day of heavymedium flow.  At first they felt bulky like a diaper but after 1 wash and wear they move well and fit nicely. Awesome back up! Way better than any pad. Catchesholds quite a bit!
534. We finally got it to work after charging twice but it was a major let down.
535. I used these once, just to serve spaghetti.  The sauce left a bad stain that I couldn't remove, even after washing  three times.  See the photos.  The plates are very light weight, but they are not rigid.  They are sturdy enough, but you should be aware that the plates are flexible and can bend a bit, so stuff can spill over the edges if the plate is too full.  At $2 a plate, that makes these pretty pricey disposable plates.
536. I bought these for wearing in a room with older people who like the volume turned up on the videos we seelisten to. I got to where I hated being there, the 30 minutes of loud volume left me with a headache every time and I found myself wanting to just run out of the room and go home! These ear plugs are very comfortable and I believe they will work just fine. I got the small size and I like how they will not be visible given their clear to opaque color. Yesterday I realized having earplugs in when I dry my hair makes that experience more tolerable also so I am quite glad to have these. I definitely recommend these. 😊
537. I have a huge supply of misc. vitamins.  I take one of these daily along with one other brand mini vitamin.  These will let you know when you take them.  Quickly after taking one, your urine will be neon yellow.I like the list of ingredients and have zero complaints about this product.I am happy to have these and will continue to use them.
538. There are six medium-sized, thick bags with striped gussets in this set. They are only 4 inches longer than their small 8-inch bags. Also, there are 12 handle ribbons that have to be assembled with the bag. It is important to hook the plastic tongue above the hole or the handles will fall out. These bags are shiny and beautiful. One bag will fit three one-liter bottles of olive oil, with the top coming a little above the bag or one one-liter bottle with a cake box (as shown in my picture) that then leaves a little room to spare. The current price of 16.99 comes to an expensive $2.83 per bag. These are elegant bags but at this price they should come pre-assembled. Similar bags of this quality can be purchased much, much cheaper at the local dollar store. Therefore, I consider these 5-star gift bags at a 2-star price.
539. I had high hopes for this. I have a similar shaver that's getting old, but this one — well, for whatever reason, the blades are at the wrong angle to actually shave. And boy did I try, but I couldn't get it to work. (I never had this problem with the other model.)Also, it has two Gillette-style blades separated by a half inch of space, so even if it did work, it would leave a stripe between the shaved areas. (And, sadly, although they are almost identical to Gillette blades, they have slightly different mounting doohickeys, so you have to buy the manufacturer's replacements.)
540. 2 in one, it is a sun screen and bug protection. It makes my life easier.
541. As advertised. Great price. Easy way to boost fiber intake.
542. Positives- It worked well in removing contaminates for 1 year.Negatives- There is not enough  threading that attaches the head to the handle, it is very easy to pop off the shower head when turning it for a different massage setting and very difficult to get it back on.It started leaking from the hose connections, and then a few days later the hose detached from the tubing and there is no way of reattaching it! We are handy and it just can't be done.Very disappointing to spend this $$ on a product that lasts only a year! And of course it can't be returned. So now off to try to find a better brand.
543. I got this curling wand on clearance at TJ Maxx and it was a great purchase! I was skeptical of how easy this wand would be to use because I'd only ever used a curling iron with a clamp. If you have never used a curling wand before, watch some YouTube tutorials first. I have shoulder length hair and it took about 15 minutes to curl it all the first time. I like the result of this curling wand better than using a curling iron because the waves are more consistent and there are no clamp lines like there would be with a regular curling iron. My waves lasted all day and I slept on them and even woke up with waves!
544. They are just a little bit too small
545. Though the price per pound is as good as  Anthony's Erythritol, which I usually buy in 5 lb bags, this product has slightly larger granules and will not pour through my sugar dispenser.  Since Erythritol in general does not dissolve as easily as sugar, it seems unwise to make larger crystals which may not dissolve in baking and in other recipes.  The taste and quality (GMO free) are great and there are no lumps.  The package is attractive and re-seals.  I bought this to try using a smaller, more a convenient bag  since it was the same price per pound, but I will not be buying this brand again.
546. Great shakes for the price
547. I feel like i look silly wearing it. But totally love this head wrap. Very soothing
548. Love them. They are sturdy and colors really nice. I would recommend
549. Good product but individual wipes are a bit small unless you are using them on children.
550. These are of high quality and a great deal.
551. Cannot tell any difference in the odor or in the smell I would have to say to me a waste of money honest opinion
552. Whether recovering from athletic or work activities or an injury, these items will help, especially the back, hips, legs, and feet.
553. Not bad, fits fine, i would prefer softer material. The material.
554. Good product, will buy again.
555. This works but you cannot apply pressure or the brush stops spinning.  Great concept but if you lightly brush tiles and the bath, it will not clean.  You're better off manually scrubbing your tiles and bath with an ordinary brush.
556. They are cute, but made cheaply! The design of the stand & item really do not work.
557. This provides great comfort and warmth. It is a bit heavy for me, though.
558. I was never able to get proper use out of this product. I had found it included in several protein related recipes and decided to buy it but the recipe didn't list a brand. This was definitely not the right brand. It also leaked all over the bottle.
559. Worked great.
560. Awesome product! No odor. Glasses stay where they need to be. Simple solution to a constant problem!
561. The scale arrived earlier than expected and its great, I love the large digital desplay.  It’s very attractive to look at and very comfortable to stand on as it is wider than and average weighing scale.  Delighted with my purchase
562. poor quality item. Did not last as long as the ones that came with the mask. Seal broke within 2 months on 3 of them
563. At the beginning I was reluctant to believe that omega-3 will help directly in my dry eyes but I am glad to say that actually works. I have Sjogrens and my eyes are very dry during the flare ups. I have being using this for 15 days already and it is working. I am happy with the quality of the product. The pills are dark, and I think this retards oxidation of the oil and I don't have fish-burps afterwards. Thank you!
564. This product out performs RX medications
565. Does a good job----once you can get it to work. I was excited to get this item but it is very difficult to get the battery cover on.  It does not screw on as one might expect, you must have to fit tiny little groove into slots inside the unit.  I had to remove the casing in order to get them in.  If this were not an issue, I would give this a 5-star grade.
566. Love the slide cutting device on this plastic wrap.Great product!
567. Used these for years.  Sticks well and can rinse off when needed and use again.
568. I had a ring that was a size too big and I bought these.  They are very uncomfortable and you are constantly aware that you have something extra around your finger.  Remember wrapping tape around the ring to make it fit better and how uncomfortable that was?  Well, it feels just like that. I wound up exchanging the ring for a smaller size and using these to wrap around my charger cord where it started to fray. It works better that way. Charger cords don't complain about being uncomfortable.
569. I started using this to prevent a biofilm from developing. The jury is still out as to if it does that, but it makes me feel better. So I give it 2 thumbs up.
570. I had purchased a different frankincense a few months ago, and this one smelled a lot better. I also recently heard that you can test an oils purity by putting a small drop on a sheet of paper, if it's pure it should dissolve completely leaving no trace. When I did that test with this and the other one, this one totally passed the test, the other did not, it left a clear oil splotch where the drop was placed. My conclusion is that this oil must be pretty good, as I said the smell isn't bad, it's kinda earthy. The smell is strong but not overpowering like other oils I have tried. The only thing I didn't like so much was that it comes out very fast, I try to get one drop, but end up with 2-3. Overall I am very happy with it, and would recommend it to my friends.*I received a discount for my review*
571. These definitely take some getting used to but feel great once you do. It almost seems like it massages your feet as you walk. These are basically little air pillows that move around back and forth as you walk. Think of it as those packaging air pillows that you get when you order something online, except these have less air in them and are for your feet. Very hard to explain but it was very weird to use them in the beginning. After about a week or so I started to get used to them and kind of like it. I use it in my every day shoes now. As far as how effective they are, I really have no idea. All I know is that I like them. Can I live without them? Sure but since I have them I'll continue to use them until they break, which might take a while.
572. Hubby needed ankle support, he wanted the kind with the heel open so I got these.  I was worried the XL would be too big - actually they were way too tight.  He has thin ankles and it cut into him.  I purchased another brand without a heel cutout in a L and they fit like a glove.
573. It makes a little product go a LONG way.  Very easy to clean.  I usually use makeup brushes for my daily application but I received this as a gift and wanted to see what all the internet hype was about.  I watched A LOT of tutorials online before using it for the first time. There were a lot of mixed reviews on it: some loved it but others hated it. It takes longer to blend than my brushes but the finish is amazing with so little product being used! One potential improvement I would recommend is making the ends smaller so that it is easier getting into areas such as underneath and in the inner corner of my eyes and around my brows.
574. Wish they were like the original Ohio Blue tips that would light off anything.  But still work ok
575. Very useful for my diet.👍🏼😁
576. I was expecting this tower to be a bit smaller. It’s suprisingly heavy and substantial. I’m impressed. The quality is quite good. It’s definitely authentic selenite as well.
577. Husband is type 2 diabetic and with the combo of meds he takes, occasionally low blood sugar is a thing.  These are easy and measured.  He really likes the grape taste, but lets face it, they are really an emergency fix - so taste makes it easier to get down - which is what is most important.  The travel tube is very handy.
578. I use these to take the pressure off of my shoulders.  I had gotten a pair at a fabric shop and needed a replacement.  I was disappointed in these and ended up going to the shop where I had gotten the others and getting a replacement pair.  These are thinner that the ones I like and did not provide the support that I needed.
579. Poor quality - has small holes and the rice began leaking out the first day I opened it
580. I start off every day with a protein shake to get me going and stave off cravings until lunch. I prefer to use a protein that includes a superfood blend like this one. The ingredients in this mix are fantastic and it is exactly what I'm looking for to start the day off on the right foot. Unfortunately, like most proteins with pea protein as one of the main protein sources, it has kind of a chalky flavortexture. If you're used to using pea protein products, you know what I'm talking about. I wasn't wild about the flavor just on it's own. With a little tweaking though, it's not bad. I've found if you blend it into a smoothie using coffee that's been frozen into cubes with coconut milk and a splash of your favorite coffee creamer, it's actually pretty delicious and tastes like a frappe. The price is also pretty reasonable for a protein with ingredients this clean. I would order this again.
581. I have arthritis on my thumbs. I purchase 2 peices. It's exactly what I was looking for. Works amazing.
582. A bit bigger than needed so it is clumsy to deal with. I would not pay that much again. These are as durable as a generic sandwich bag.
583. The front of the bottle says it has oil from wild Pollock and the back says it contains Tilapia, which is generally an unhealthy farm-raised fish that should be avoided. If the tilapia is only used to make the gelatin, the label should mention that. Oil from fish at the low end of the food chain would be better since those fish are less contaminated. Anchovies and sardines would be better. This fish oil does not have independent quality verifications listed, which is important for fish oil. This lacks IFOS certification or certification from LabDoor. If this is a natural triglyceride form of the oil, that means it is more likely to have contaminants. If this is synthetic triglyceride form, they should mention that. Other products that use AlaskOmega oil are IFOS certified, so there is a chance that this oil would pass those same tests, but the company should advertise that more.They added lemon flavor to the oil inside the capsules, which is unusual. It might be done to mask the taste of low-quality fish oil from people that open the capsules to evaluate freshness.The bottle is nice. The current price is $64 for 90 servings, or $0.71serving. Doctor’s Best is selling very similar AlaskOmega Ethyl Ester oil for $0.43serving. SmarterVitamins is also selling a nearly identical AlaskOmega product for less money.
584. I cannot wait to gift this, it is cool!  I am not sure how well it smokes yet, but it looks and feels really well made!. My husband will be so excited to open it!
585. Nutro Organic Apple Cider Vinegar Gummies- Immunity & Detox | Vegan-Friendly,Non-GMO, for Digestion and Weight Loss |Apple Flavored | May Boost Immunity &EnergyI really like these ACV gummies. They have a really pleasant taste that is not too sweet or tootart. I love that they don’t stick together, even when the temperature gets a little warmer in thehouse. I’ve found that I actually look forward to taking these everyday.I got these because my nutritionist said they will help aid my digestion, and she was right. I ranout of these for about a week and really noticed a difference when I was not taking them.Therefore, I will continue taking ACV gummies because I know they work for me
586. Does the pad need to be moistened?
587. These are a very poor fit.  I ordered based on their charts and measurements but the product is much too loose to provide any support.  Not recommended.
588. Helps with cramps and blood flow.
589. Our guest room doesn't get very dark because of transom windows. I used to feel badly for our guests, but then I started keeping a basket with sleeping masks on the nightstand. The masks are always new, but for frequent visitors, I keep their chosen masks in a  labeled Ziploc baggie for their next visit. The masks have always been adult sized, so now I am happy to have one that will fit my preteen niece.  This is a thin mask, but it's very soft. It has a soft, fuzzy fleece fabric which is the same on both sides. The elastic strap isn't adjustable. I did try it on and it did fit snuggly on my large head, but it wasn't tight. It does block out the majority of the light. The dalmatian design is sweet. I think these sleeping masks would make a nice gift.
590. The awesome and perfect cloth mask. Here’s my longest review ever and why this is the awesome PPE for me.We have several other masks cloth and disposable masks to compare these masks against. I must tell everyone these masks rock!Seriously, this mask is soft. Soft like a high quality, tight woven, brushed cotton, and soft t-shirt that feels so good I can’t wait for it to be washed.Made in the USA by Americans look up their website!I don’t know them but I know where they are and they stopped production and are only making face masks..The mask has adjustable ear loops, a pouch for inserts like those charcoal filters if you so choose.The mask is so comfortable. But, here are more reasons why I will wear this mask every time I can because of a unique feature of the strap that goes behind my head, furthermore not putting pressure on my head or neck, simply rests on my back so I can take the mask off when safe and it simply hangs on my chest or lower. No longer having to put it In the visor, risk it touching anything but my shirt. Period. I don’t have to look for it when I get out of the truck or put it in the pocket my phone was in, as cellphones are nasty even though you clean them, because I simply raise my mask up by the ear loops and slip it on my ears and snug the strap if it’s loose. Double layer full coverage mask. From bridge of my nose to under my chin. Comfortable all day! I don’t use the carbon filters. If needed, I would  put a disposable mask in the pocket area on a as necessary basis.I don’t think I have been so excited about a product since my first boom box. Just kidding; since my iPhone.These comes in two different sizes. I wear the XL. I have wide cheek bones and I’m chubby. My spouse wears the Large and has a narrower jawline shaped face and chubby.  They make them for kids to the big faces.Thank you Buttonsmith for your part in helping with Covid-19 by producing more comfortable PPE. It’s hard enough as it isMy only dislike is I wasted money on others before finding these.
591. Amazing flavor. These are the best pill i have to take. Most are nasty but this one you want to take more because they taste like candy. The best DIM supplement ive tried by far.
592. I have not been taking this for long, so I do not know what the long term or the short-term effects are. I guess it is OK. I feel a little smarter. I will let you know how it goes. Thank you for reading my review I hope it was beneficial to you. God bless you and yours. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
593. The first time I used these socks, they were difficult to pull on, but after washing were easier, and so worthwhile!
594. This is my first experience with Barley Grass Juice powder and I think I love it.  I've read that it's a complete food and is excellent for Vegans and Vegetarians though I'm neither.  I don't know the exact price of this bag as of this review, but I think it's probably around $48.00, which is out of my price range.  Therefore, I will consume it for the health benefits, (probably in more smoothies) and then go back to my other green superfoods that I also love.  This is very good, high quality barley grass JUICE powder and not the Barley plant dried and ground up.
595. My husband’s not going to let me use this as it came very homemade looking and we’re worried it will hurt the countertops. If it were Etsy this is what I would expect but, not from Amazon. It’s a plastic spray bottle with a plastic syringe on it song with some solution in it and then a terrible towel that has like a big :-) emoji on it. The quality is terrible the syringe is scary looking it looks like someone put together their own creation at home let’s just say it’s very unofficial and professional looking and not worth trying on our granite countertops
596. This product works for me. I don't have a serious constipation problem but just enough at times that need attention.  Taking the recommended dose and within 24 hours they slowly work without any side effects. I also think for me I could reduce the dose to half and still be okay. I feel this is a good product as it does what it is supposed to.
597. Back discomfort can be ongoing.  This really does get right to the points of tightness.  I would purchase it again or suggest it for a friend.
598. I like to keep a few of these on hand to through in my backpack as backups for my flashlight. When I give flashlights as gifts, I will also typically include a full caddy of replacement batteries; it looks neat and orderly and will keep the recipient at full power for a year or two. The caddies are nice even for basic storage since they prevent the batteries from wandering all over the place and protect them from coming into accidental contact with metal or each other.I've been using these for about five years now and will continue to use them moving forward. Would recommend.
599. I bought these to replace some from an old hanging lamp.  They are pretty sturdy and I think they will last a long time.
600. Absolutely not picking up animal fur as its saying. I used for 5 loads already and every time its clean mesh bag inside and cats fur on the clothes.  Dislike it and just wasted money.
601. My system reached over 110 somehow temp sensor might be a little whack but it works and I like the bubbles
602. I’ve been having a lot of teeth problems and I have a small mouth. The sides of my lips were getting very cracked and A&D First Aid Multipurpose Ointment works better than anything I’ve ever tried. It also helps with dry skin patches or minor scrapes or cuts. It’s very gentle and has been a solution for chapped lips. I put a dab on them at night. The tube is much larger than I expected too! It will last a very long time.
603. Our doctor recommends we take a daily Vit D supplement as we see so little sunshine in the winter months.  He said there is a direct correlation to seasonal depression disorder and Vit D intake.  These taste great and are easy to chew and swallow.  They work well and we actually feel the difference after just a week.  3 Pack should last us all winter long.
604. If this is made in Germany, I'm Abraham Lincoln... Chinese knockoff? And it's tiny... with a synthetic "leather" case. Bummer!
605. This is a well-made case that holds the essential oils that I like to carry.  There is a long strap to carry over the shoulder or two small straps to carry by hand.  The two zippered compartments make it conveniet to hold bottles of oil upright in the base or the roll-on bottles in the top.
606. My husband and son prefer wearing the disposable masks, whereas my daughter and I like the cloth ones. After months and months of wearing the blue disposable ones, my son was actually pleased to have a different color! These are more of a dark grey than black, but it's something different! The mask quality seems to be comparable to other disposable masks. One thing that I really like is that these are packaged in small quantities so they're more likely to stay sterile until use.
607. This is an EXCELLENT tea but WAY overpriced.  Ill order again when the price drops!
608. Good stuff. Order many times & feel that it has helped my hair grow!
609. These don’t taste bad at all.  It’s not my favorite but it’s an okay option.
610. I was expecting a higher quality product for the price I paid - this is a standard sponge in a low quality!
611. I wish I'd bought this before buying some smaller cases. I had 2 cases that together cost more than this one. All my oils fit in there and there is still a ton more space. I am very pleased.
612. love this product.
613. Yes it's a little higher price but it's well worth it! I love this unit and don't know how I lived without it! I would recommend it to anyone
614. Their Oreos what can be wrong
615. I did not get the deal as advertised on TV.
616. I had just finished my first bottle of Vegan Morning multi-vitamin the day before and opened a new bottle.  Right after taking the dose I felt my face burning - looked in the mirror and it was bright red.  Then my arms also started burning and turned red.  It was scary!  I drank a good 6 glasses of water to dilute the reaction.  Funny thing, I noticed that the seal was raised up when I opened the bottle, and the liquid was a different color.  My husband had emailed the company yesterday and still have received no response.  The bottle says unconditionally guaranteed.  I do not recommend this product.
617. This stuff is awesome........ I'll be keeping this in the cupboard for my percolator cleanings.
618. I have athletes foot that appears without me going to a public place, and want to kill the fungi off of all my shoes.  I think this is a good step and good product.  We will see.  I am using this in my shoes regularly.  I don't spray them and then put them on, but wait until the next day.  I have also purchased "Ting" to put on my feet and other areas.  Fungi spores can live for a long time so this product is good for shoes, I think.  I say I think because it's not like I have done a scientific study or anything like that.
619. Wow! This stuff really works! I received a sample in a beauty box and it worked great, so decided to order larger bottles for our vacation trip. These are a lifesaver. I don't think I can live without it. Spray-on and smooth out the wrinkles . Easy-peasy.
620. &#34; I got my order in 2 days. WOW! I was thrilled to get it so fast. I have digestive issues (ibs-c) and this nopal eye prickly pear puree really helps. It fights inflammation and reduces pain . Its not overly sweet because it has no added sweetners. Its not mixed with other fruit juices either. Just the red prickly pear fruit puree , citric acid andor ascorbic acid and less than 0.05% grapefruit seed for freshness. Very easy to drink alone or in another beverage. I love this Nopal Eye prickly pear. I think its better than the high priced versions that I've tried. Great product and seller.&#34;
621. Not as described.  It's not a 1 inch curling iron.  Between 34 and 78 inch. Even though label on box says 1".  Grrrr.  Going to keep it because it is a longer barrel than usual.  But AGGRAVATING
622. nice to have a combination pack
623. It fulfils a purpose.
624. If you want a nose hair trimmer with zero power this is the one for you!
625. These are excellent boxes for gift giving, especially if the box needs to be kind of fancy (not like re-using old Amazon boxes) to match the occasion.  The come flat but are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  The boxes are textured and are a lovely white color.
626. Provides a stream of natural like light where you need it for reading or other tasks that require good lighting.
627. What else can you say, it's cleaning solution.  It does exactly what it is supposed to and does a good job at it.
628. They help me get the lint off of my husband & my clothes. I can't find the lint filter on my washing machine so we have a lot of lint.
629. These are ... OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I like the leather, but that's about all that distinguishes these from other similar products, and frankly, I like some of the other Dr. Scholl's insoles much better in terms of comfort.I tried them in two different pairs of shoes.  Yes, the bottom of the insole is &#34;sticky,&#34; but it's more &#34;tacky&#34; than &#34;sticky,&#34; and I think the purpose is to keep the insole from shifting position.  I had no trouble moving them from one pair to the other.  I first tried them on an older pair of high-end flats that are almost past their expiration date.  Noticed a little more &#34;squishy&#34; feeling, but other than that, nothing.  Moved them to an el cheapo pair of flats with almost no cushioning in the soles.  Again, a slight feeling of &#34;squishiness,&#34; but nothing that I'd say was praise-worthy.For me, then, they're OK.  Nothing great, nothing really wrong with them.  They just didn't make enough of a difference for me to recommend them enthusiastically.  3 stars ...
630. Taste is subjective, but I happen to like the flavor of this.It's berry but earthy.Chock full of superfoods, it's nice swirled in strawberry yogurt.Especially if you have a hard time getting all your fruits and vegetables, this is a healthy  boost.
631. The package was difficult to access and a very limited amount for the price. They did give me a refund.
632. This book rocks my socks! I'd give it a milion stars if I could. Your first book was hilarious and this one is too. Trust me I know because in an alternative universe this book is out and my alternate universe self loves it too. So you've already done the thing and it was fabulous. Seriously Allie hope everything is ok. Your first book was the greatest hug I've ever received. I just want to thank you! &#60;3 Will wait forever...will be worth it. If I die before this comes out someone read this to me at my grave. Seriously, my alternate universe self is a douche and won't let me borrow her copy.
633. I wanted to stop using disposable, non-biodegradable nylon mesh poufs, but this was not the right replacement for me. This is a fabric, so when it gets wet, it's sopping, and lumps together. You can rub it against your skin, and it might have similar exfoliating qualities as a nylon pouf if you rub hard enough. Mostly, it feels smooth, like using a towel bunched up. The thing that bothered me is that it does not lather well. Also, the wood bead is a nice decorative touch, but it will still get moisture in it, and it will mildew. Take off the bead, and this might be a good alternative for bathing small children. It would be soft against their skin.
634. Pretty spendy stuff but the flavor is there. Wish they would give a discount on multiple bottles : Price is $11 on their website but then shipping is another $24 for three bottles : Again good sauce though.
635. I started to use them as samples from my doctor. When I ran out, I could not find them anywhere except here on Amazon. There is not one person I gave this to, that has not thanked me. It is the best for my stomach on all sorts of issues and best of all its not a drug. It took care of some issues I had for over 2 years and nothing else helped. You will never regret getting this and taking it for anything related to your stomach. You will always find relief. I have bought exstra and givn them away. I am grateful it helped my symptoms of torture. I call it the stomach anesthesia
636. Sturdy, pretty, couldn’t be happier.  I’ve had this for about 2 months.
637. These masks are perfect for winter. They are 3-ply, thick, warm, and super comfortable. There is no nose wire or adjustable ear elastics but I find that is not needed. Also, there is no inner pocket for a PM2.5 charcoal filter but that does not matter to me. I love almost everything about this mask. The black color goes with everything too and keeps dirt from showing. There are three in the package.  The current price of $17.05 ($17.95 minus 5%) is on the pricey side of competitive coming to and I would expect the three to $5.68 per mask. I put this in a lingerie bag in the washer and lay flat to dry. This mask gets 4.5 stars from me.
638. Perfect for a very small bottle of powder.
639. Unique tasting protein powder and its pretty tastey. The flavor reminds me of something I cant quite put my finger on at the moment.The ingredients are very good.. organic, non gmo and plant based are always what I look for in a product.The bag is resealable, and it comes with a large scooper in the bag. The powder is pretty dense.I put 1 scoop into about 12oz of unsweetened non-dairy milk. Unfortunately it doesnt mix well just shaking it alone (will just clump up). You either need a blender or shaken with one of those coil springs, then it becomes smooth and looks like a dijon mustard color. You could adjust the thickness to your liking by adding more liquid, but I found that about 12-14 oz makes for a good thickness and sweetness. I'd consider getting it again, I'm interested in seeing what the chocolate tastes like.
640. This pill travel organizer is too cute! I love it! I only take 1 prescription pill, but I do take an assortment of vitamins and supplements. The slots in the primary case are large enough for the larger sized vitaminssupplements. It's geared for 7 days, and there are morning slots and evening ones. Technically, you could use this for 2 weeks if you combined your ampm pills. The compartments open and close easily. The pill box fits nicely in the carrying case. Did I mention that it's really cute?? It also comes with a smaller pill case too. I've use one like this for overnight or weekend trips. The compartments can hold my large fish oil capsule! I keep my small case filled with one or two of my prescription tablets and then keep it in my purse. Then if I realize that I forgot to take it one day or if I forget to bring it with me when I go out of town, I'm alright.
641. Nice chair. Not as padded as I would like. Vibration works great. A few nicks on the wood base. Not enough for me to ship back. All in all I like the chair.Update:I have had this chair for over 2 years now and still am enjoying this chair. The vibration feature is still working and still in decent shape. We did have to retighten the base a couple times but besides that, still happy with the purchase.
642. Sadly the vibration mode quit working on the fourth use. The heat and circulation are working fine.
643. Cheaply made. Sticker on lid popped off almost immediately. Returned as not as expected and very flimsy.
644. Purchased this product, it works great with clients that are under a infrared body session,it helps eliminate swear from running in eyes. It help some clients with dark circles around the eyes or imflammation problems.
645. When my arthritis flares up or I have a headache, this is my go-to product. It does the job quickly and without any side effects.
646. Just what I wanted. Sturdy but soft bristles.
647. My wife ordered these. She’s throwing a baby shower for her sister so she’s gluing them to toothpicks for...I’m not really sure why. For cupcakes maybe? Her sister is doing a girly “woodland animal” theme for the nursery. The main animal is a pink owl.I’ll admit, they’re pretty cute. Don’t tell people I said pink owls are cute or they’ll pull my man card.
648. They are super absorbent and can be washed and rinsed. I like how soft they are for cleaning delicate surfaces that might otherwise scratch.
649. Nice Fabric made to last years. Wood scratches easy. The heat works very well
650. Work great. Very useful.
651. This is a quality natural product and non GMO. I have no complaints and no side effects.  BCAA formulas are working good for me. I have been taking them over the years but not every day. When I read the ingredients, this brand has a lot of goodness. I don't work out a lot other than using a treadmill and brisk walking, but being older I like this product because it helps with muscle fatigue. In my opinion this is a value brand compared to others I had purchased in local stores costing almost double in price.
652. So it has USB-C charging, but doesn't come with the adapter - just the cable. It powers onoff easily, and takes just a little bit to warm up. The plastic strip needs to go from black to 'light', then it is ready to use. There are different modes, but I am still unsure how hot this thing gets. The instructions are written very poorly - you can tell English isn't the manufacturers native language.This does curl eyelashes, but just takes a minute to understand how to correctly use it.I would recommend PALAMELA Heated Eyelash Curler, Electric Eyelash Curlers.
653. Our kitchen (stove, refrigerator and dishwasher) now gleams! This leaves no film behind and it's fantastic on fingerprints. It removes dried food too, though that takes slightly more work. I like that it's in a spray bottle that's easy to aim because my last  stainless steel product was in a aerosol can that made you feel like you were in a cloud of cleaner when you use it---plus this works better than that too. A+
654. Just wasn’t for me.
655. Our Breville Nespresso maker flashed and the manual said it needed descaling so I looked on Amazon and found this set. It worked easily following the included directions. You could see the milky calcium water coming out if the machine.
656. Honestly, I can't afford to take this long term, but I was curious if the higher EPA and DHA makes a difference. Is it even good for you? We buy the CostcoKirkland Fish Oil. You could take 2 capsules and get 2,000 mg fish oil (it only suggests 1), but 2 capsules only provides 500 mg EPA+DHA and 100 mg other omega-3 fatty acids. Dr. Tobias is 800 mg EPA and 600 mg DHA. I'm waiting to see if there are any noticeable improvements. I do think the Kirkland fish oil helps my cat's coat and inflammation, but it doesn't seem to be helping my husband's inflammation. Maybe he should try 2 capsules. The bottles were sealed.
657. The capsule of straight powdered elderberry does the job without mostly sugar.Nice source of concentrated, no added sugar elderberry.
658. Used it for several weeks.  Went by directions not sure if it worked at all. But left a bad taste in the mouth daily.
659. Perfect for my Miele front-loader.  Cold wash is so much more friendly to the environment and my wallet and this is the best detergent I've found, and definitely get more than 50 loads out of a box.
660. my only issue is there’s no child safe lid. It just spins right open. I have 2 young kids so I have to keep this in a really high spot. Just a warning for any other parents. Customer service was excellent however and I definitely recommend this company.
661. No complaints about this turmeric supplements. It has a decently high concentration, with each capsule providing 600mg of turmeric, 50mg turmeric extract (95% curcuminoids) and 5mg of black pepper (with the latter essential to ensure good uptake of the turmeric). The suggested dosage is 2 caps per day. I use this for arthritis inflammation relief, and take 3 caps for the dosage I need. As such, this is a one month supply for me at 3x per day. The price is decent for a one month supply, and even better if you need just 2 (or 1) per day.The capsules are reasonably sized and not difficult to swallow. The bottle I received in May 2021 has a use-by date of October 2022.A good turmeric supplement at a decent price that is made in the US. No complaints.
662. I had been in the air traffic control business for a number of years and discovered this early on.  Great taste and no bad effects.  So if you need a little pick me up, no bad effects and a great taste then this is what you want to try.  I am now in my mid seventies and it still has a great taste and just enough pick me up to keep me hopping when I need it.
663. People always comment on how good it smells.
664. I noticed no energy increase..returned item!
665. Great product, BUT delivery was thrown on grass next to driveway, not like usual on front porch, seen in photo
666. Absolute worthless garbage. Cup keeps coming off.  Just plain junk.
667. This is a great little device. I put it in our downstairs bathroom, where we have our cat litter box. It really helps to control the odor in there. It smells much cleaner, and fresher, since I put the device in. It is really easy to use. Just plug it in and turn it on. This device is really useful for a small space, like our bathroom. I don't think it would work in a large room. I do recommend it.
668. My granddaughter wrote on our new countertop with a black sharpie. I was sick, but tried the magic eraser and it removed all of it.
669. I bought a second one for a friend who tried mine and asked where she could get one.  I love it too.  I have a slight wave to my hair, but it's not always where I want it.  This works so much better than a hair iron; it's quicker and makes it much easier to style your hair.
670. Good price on safety cotton swabs.
671. This night cream was fine, just not my favorite that I've ever tried. It was a little too runny for my taste. The scent is pleasant and I will continue to use it, I will just continue to purchase another brand that I prefer.
672. The clipper is sharp and nicely finished, and it works as advertised. However, it's small (its length is only 3" (7.5 cm)) and slippery, so it may not be the best choice for someone with arthritic hands. Also, the blade's width is only 38" (1 cm), so trimming a big-toe nail takes 3 or 4 cuts, and a thick nail takes both hands.A wider blade and longer lever would be big improvements. If they increased the manufacturing cost, a good trade-off would be to drop the metal box in which the clipper is shipped.
673. These are great for getting the callouses off my heels!
674. I have been fermenting my own vegetables for some time now. I have tried various methods and recipes. I would not consider making fermented vegetables without this product.I use 1 tablespoon of Himalayan Pink Salt per head of cabbage, 1 packet of Body Ecology Vegetable Starter, 1 rounded teaspoon of organic honey (locally purchased from our bee-keeper).  I put these ingredients into my Vita Mix with some of the vegetables and I pulverize it using pure Alkaline water. I then put the brine on the shredded vegetables and stir well. I add additional water if needed. I use different amounts of salt but not on the other ingredients. Just one packet of starter, etc. is enough.I then pack the vegetables into a German crock (purchased here on Amazon) and I pack them down using a potato masher.  When the pot is packed, I add whole cabbage leaves to place on top to keep small pieces of vegetables from floating. I add the stones that came with the Crock on top of the leaves. I push them down with the potato masher and make sure that the water rises above the stones.I then leave this for 7 days at room temperature.  When fermented, I place the vegetables in mason jars and store in my refrigerator. I eat these vegetables daily. I like them with scrambled eggs for breakfast or a nice piece of meat for dinner as a side dish.I am always making fermented vegetables. My favorite is organic green cabbage and carrots. But you can use almost any vegetable and add red pepper and garlic if desired. The choice is yours. My crock pot is always in use.I have read the Body Ecology book which I would also recommend to anyone interested in the health benefits from fermented foods.I have tried other starters, but I like Body Ecology Culture Starter the very best. By using a starter, I KNOW that the friendly bacteria is in my vegetables. This culture contains lactococcus species, leuconostoc species and lactobacillus species.  You get a lot of the right type of friendly bacteria for your colon, immune system and general health.
675. It wasn't difficult to install works perfectly fine
676. My knees feel great!
677. My husband said his shoes were stinky, so I went to Amazon planning to buy those sneaker balls. I saw this product and decided to try it based on all the positive reviews. After using it once my husband said the odor went away. I haven't checked back with him, but he has plenty left. Great invention!
678. Good price for 3 bracelets. Quality is good
679. I like that this consists of just elderberry, and not any additional supplements such as vitamins or zinc. I prefer to keep things simple, and this provides me with exactly what I want: elderberry. The potency is pretty good, with each serving (consisting of 2 capsules) providing 650mg of elderberry fruit extract 5% flavonoids and 500mg of elderberry fruit extract 5:1. It has a good shelf life, with the bottle I received in May 2021 listing an expiration date of April 2023.To be honest, I'm not sure if daily elderberry is the reason why I don't get colds or if it's just happenstance. But, it's not expensive and doesn't cause any side effects or stomach issues, so I'll continue to use it to see if I can extend my avoidance of colds.
680. Maybe a dozen years ago, a ChiropractorClinical NutritionistKinesiologist in a holistic practice told me she thought that my body needed a metal detox. She sent me to someone who could make a further determinationevaluation about this. I was actually asked to do a Heavy Metal Detox! A key part of this was using Chlorella. I recently had two MRIs where they used Gadolinium as a contrast imaging agent. I shudder at the thought of injecting metal into my body, but the odds were against me with this one. I immediately began a metal detox and this is the Chlorella I used. I had this woman test me for this. She was able to tell me that the Gadolinium did not weaken me and said the Chlorella was something my body wanted (it strengthened my body). She was also pleased of the purity that this product claims. She knows that there have been problems in the past with other companies. So, hopefully, this is a quick undo of a nasty procedure. She also recommended  to me, which has worked well for detoxing in other patients. She said my body wanted this as much as the Chlorella.
681. I had to modify these a little to get them comfortable to use. The plastic around the body come up too far towards the cutting end. I took off around a 14 inch to be able to get the cutters on my nails especially on the corners. That project out of the way the grippy plastic on these made cutting my nails so much easier. I've suffered some nerve and spinal damage this year and that has made gripping the typical smooth chrome clippers completely impossible. These could be a little sharper but beyond that these do what I needed.
682. Works fairly well for my plastic frames.
683. It works great and the aloe makes it easier on the skin.  Be sure you wash your hands after applying it.
684. I use this occasionally but not everyday. It is very salty but it whitens my teeth dramatically, so its worth it.
685. Cute! Perfect if you want to compare the flavors.
686. ALWAYS READ DETAILS.  I did not this time, and I regret it.  This set up is way to small, but I tried it anyway.  It didn't last anytime as I suspected, plus it didn't cut the leg hair at all.
687. I thought I wrote a review already, but can’t find it... when I first received the foot file I was very excited. The pumice is very strong but fine and testing it on my hands left them very smooth. I used it on my feet in the shower afterwards and it worked great! It is a fine file so if you have tough skin it will take a few times going over it daily but by the fourth day my feet were just as soft as if I got a pedicure. Sadly today the file came off the handle while I was using it. I learned that it was being held on there by two one inch lines of glue, definitely not made to last unfortunately. I’ll still use the pumice stone but now the convenience of having a handle is gone.
688. Scent is much better than other pet mess sprays but it isn't the cure-all for cat pee. I caught the accident moments after it happened and followed all instructions. I followed up with a second application and thought the urine smell was gone! It lingers when humid or the AC is on.Much better than others though, including nature's miracle.
689. I am glad I was able to find this product.Great features:- Removable rollers- different settings : Bubbles vs. vibration- Heat (will keep your water warmer for a longer period of time) - I was surprised how much I like this feature- Different Stones attachmentsCons:- It take a little longer to warm up the water, if by accident you put colder water - not a big deal - I am sure it's for safetyI got this product on sale
690. Excellent! Product. Fragrance Is Lovely & Only A Few Drops Are Needed In My Difusers To Scent My Large Rooms. Works Well With My Carrier Oil For Massage & Moisturizing My Skin, Fragrance Rises Mixed With Carrier Oil. This Is An Extremely Generous Size Bottle For The Stellar Price Point. Definitely My Go To Oil Now. Going To Stock My Gift Closet With It Also.
691. I LOVE this stuff!  I'm trying to drink more water every day, and one dropper of this peach extract in my water makes it not only palatable, but quite tasty!  It has a very "peachy" flavor.
692. For 6 bath bombs these are on the pricey side, but they are such fun. These were an instant hit and after opening, it was impossible to pick which one to use first.The box wasn't that fancy and really didn't promise much inside. The box is pretty enough colour wise but it's not fancily wrapped.These bombs look good enough to eat which probably explains the caution inside that they are NOT to eat. There are six different shapes colours and scents. Each bomb is individually wrapped too. There's a cupcake with sprinkles, what appears to be a glazed doughnut, a blue heart with gold paint strokes, an orange macaroon with a white centre,  a multi coloured star and a round one with glitter and a rainbow on top.Performance wise, the fizz was long-lasting compared to other bombs I have used. Anyway, lots of fun. Kids may want to use these all at once, so hang onto them.
693. I have been struggling with intense food intolerances for over ten years. Every month I added more food to the “do not eat list” until I was reduced to stone fruit and broccoli, basically. This removed much of the muscle pain caused by food. Gradually I am regaining some tolerance. I am on my third box. I have some energy again and some hope that things will continue to improve. I tried other forms of DAO, this one works best for me. I pray I can continue to afford it. It is prohibitively expensive.
694. Before I ordered these Omega 3 fish oil caps I wanted to check them out first to make sure these where a good high quality.Not from farm raised chemical farms.Sustainably sourced, wild caught,Not from a country with filthy water,  Not a bunch of unhealthy strange fish mixed in etc.This is wild Alaskan Pollock, that is as high in omega 3 as Wild Salmon.  This True Grace omega 3 came through higher then what I expected.The soft caps are easyTo swallow, no burping. .If you do not want a heart problem, and want to keep your brain sharp , you have to eat healthy, walk, and take these omega 3s.Eat allot of veggies, no processed food, less salt, organic, lite on the meat.It paid off for my hubby after two heart by passes, and not traveling and eating out anymore.5 stars.
695. I really like these. They are very comfortable and they work pretty well. I had to break them in half though because they were too big for my ears
696. Love this Deco Mesh.  Looks really nice in my wreaths!!
697. Works great
698. Flimsy fabrication. Very cheap feel. Returned.
699. These made me so sick. Horrible stomach pains and cramps, it was awful. As soon as I realized it was the vitamins I discontinued use & will be returning for a refund. I have never had a reaction like this before, my stomach is not sensitive. I don’t know what the problem is.
700. Good stuff. Useful when you need it.
701. I bought similar screens before and they were poorly stamped out of the screen and they were much thinner.  These screens seem to last longer too.
702. Collagen is a fantastic supplement for so many reasons! It's great for your hair, skin, nails, gut, immune system, and more! This powder is super easy to incorporate into your diet. My favorite way to take it is to blend it into my morning protein smoothie. It virtually disappears and you'd have no idea it was even there. You can also add it to both hot and cold drinks, sprinkle it on your yogurt, add it to soup, bake with it, etc... It's super easy to sneak into almost anything. This powder is nice and fine and seems to be nice quality. This is a little more expensive than other varieties I've seen though. Usually you can get a 1lb tub of collagen powder for about the same price as this and this is only 10 ounces, so it's not the best deal, but it does seem to be good quality.
703. Stem unscrews from bowl allowing for easy cleaning out of residue.
704. We tried this on the sample size.We mixed it with 2% milk, so that will affect the flavor results, I am sure.We used one of our shakers, not a blender (no need with Spiru-tein mixes unlessyou really want to). The powder is tan, and doesn't smell like cookies in any way.What I DIDN'T like about this flavor was the little bits of cookie. I don't know, butI don't want chunks in a liquid drink! A blizzard has chunks of cookies, but you eat thosewith a spoon. This you drink, so the little cookies chunks are a little weird on the tongue.However, it isn't the worst flavor. I thought there would be more cookie dough flavor, butit is more like melted ice cream with bits of a chocolate chip cookie (not the chip part,but the actual cookie part) mixed in. It adds crunch to the drink.I really did not like having chunks of things that needed to be chewed when I wastrying to drink a liquid shake. I would imagine that you could mix this up and freeze it,and have a very healthy and tasty frozen snack, but we have not tried that.Not the worst tasting mix out there, for sure, and it has a nice load of vitamins.The weird texture mix caused it to lose a star, down to only two. It doesn't taste "bad",but hated the cookies on my tongue.Would I buy it again?  No, I definitely would not.I love Spiru-tein products, but not this flavor.
705. Their mixture has improved, as I find it dissolves better after each purchase. I would say purple is my favorite flavor.
706. I put it on with soaking wet hair. Helps define curls and tamp down Friz.
707. A friend of mine recommended that I take this, and I can honesty say I feel a lot better, I have a lot more energy and I’m sleeping better.
708. My son`s skin is sensitive and having rash if we would use other than Sebamed kids shampoo :) We love this product :)
709. I really don't know what to say other than it's horrible it doesn't blow long and I would not give it to my worst friend anime kid me that's my opinion
710. These were a good value, well made and did the job!
711. Very handy to keep in purse for emergency
712.  This is the 56th BP monitor that I have tried and ordered through Amazon either via purchase or the Vine program and is a basic monitor. Almost every single monitor takes my BP within a few points of each other and this one's accuracy is within range of my gold star monitors. This one has two user modes which supposedly store 90 readings per user. Note that I did not take 180 readings, so this is unverified. After the reading, it displays systolic and diastolic pressure and pulse. It averages the BP after three successful BP readings but the AVERAGE recall is not marked as an average. Most monitors identify an average with the AVG notation. It has an irregular heartbeat indicator.  There is one large cuff provided that will fit most people. There are two power options available and INCLUDED and that is four AAA batteries or via a USB type C cable. Time settings are in the 24-hour clock (military time) only. Voice assist is available but it comes with a heavy Chinese accent.INCLUDED IN THE PACKAGE- One BP unit- One BP User Manual and one digital pamphlet- One large cuff- One cloth carry pouch- One USB Type C Cable and 4 AAA BatteriesFEATURES- Up to 90 numbers can be stored for each of two users in memory.- Date and time settings are available in 24-hour clock only.- Setting the date and time or selecting the user is a matter of using the set and memory buttons per the instruction manual.- The LCD Display readout is large for easy reading.- The cuff is 22 to 42 cm (8.66 to 16.535 inches), which is large enough for muscular arms or the slightly obese. - Clearing all the BP settings is just a matter of holding the MEM button for three seconds and then pressing the set button until ALL EE appears.- The display is large.- Accuracy is within range of my gold standard monitors.- Switching user modes is a longer process than other monitors. Press and hold the SET button (when power is off), wait until the user indicator blinks, and then press MEM to switch to the other user.- It displays an average after three readings but it is not marked as such.- It has voice assistance but that comes with a heavy female Chinese accent.NEGATIVES- The cuff writing is upside down compared to other monitors but that does not affect the performance.- The average feature is nice to have but the average numbers are not marked with the AVG indicator. What happens is that after three readings, the first number displayed is the average. The next three numbers and beyond are the readings. Once I cycle through all the readings, the average is never displayed again unless I turn off the unit and then press the memory button again.- The voice option is moderated by a heavy female Chinese accent.This is an acceptable BP monitor. Operation and setup of this unit is simple once I read the manual. To take my blood pressure, I affixed the cuff around my LEFT arm with my palm turned up. I made sure my arm was at heart level and my feet were flat on the floor. Then I pressed start and after a little bit, I had my reading. I pressed stop to turn off the unit. The systolic and diastolic pressures and pulse are displayed. Blood pressure is never the same from moment to moment, so it is expected to get variable readings within a certain range even over the several minutes. It is important for a user to learn how to take their BP to get an accurate reading or it may appear that a monitor is not working when, in fact, it is user error. There are many great videos online that can help teach this.In summary, this monitor holds a total of 180 readings if using all two user modes. Changing users and deleting old numbers is easy enough as long as one reads the manual. The cuff is large enough for most people and the LCD Display is large and easy to read. It displays an AVG after three readings but that is not marked. The voice assist could be better as it is heavily accented. The current price is not listed but any price at $24 or below would be reasonable for this.For those who are interested, I attached some notes about several of my most favorite 5-star monitors. These monitors I consider outstanding for their features compared to all the others I tested. I listed two 4-star monitors because they have unique features such as Spanish speaking or Bluetooth. Each one of these monitors is accurate and I would highly recommend any of them. – This is known as the gold standard of BP monitors. It stores 100 readings between 2 users. It does not come with a case and it is battery operated but an AC adapter can be purchased separately. The arm cuff on this monitor will fit most people.  – This is the monitor I use most often in the winter so I do not have to disrobe to expose my arm. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. It is great for portability, comes with a hard case, and is battery operated. In addition, it has C.P. G. (Correct Position Guidance) to ensure the user does not make an error. That only works if it is turned on. Accuracy is spot on, which is atypical of wrist monitors.  – This is great if a talking monitor in both English and Spanish is needed. It stores 120 readings between 2 users. In addition to battery operation, it comes with an AC adapter, two very flimsy cuffs, and a case. If the cuffs were better, this would be my favorite arm monitor.  -This is a great monitor with a large cuff, two power sources (4 AAA batteries or AC cable), and 2 user capacity 90 memory capacity for each. (4.5 stars) - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is medium but easy to read and color coded in green, yellow, and red based on the hypertension level—which is EXCELLENT. There are two power options. It takes four AAA batteries or a USB Type C cable (both are included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in AMPM (not military time). The cuff size is large. There is an irregular heartbeat indicator. Accuracy is spot on.  – This is one unique monitor. The monitor and cuff are in one unit and this is most useful if paired with the iOS or Android app (viHealth). The cuff size is large but the display on the cuff is small. Operation is simple. This is rechargeable and comes with the USB Type C cable for charging. There is no average feature or irregular heartbeat indicator on either the unit or app. There is no user designation on the monitor but such a distinction is possible in the app. In fact, the readings can be associated with multiple users (number and amount unknown). The date and time are automated through the Bluetooth pairing with the app. As of June 2022, the app is quirky and does not always connect. The BP unit itself is accurate and simple to use but this is not suitable for everyone. The  is the high priced version that comes with a muscle stimulation(TENS) option. (Both are 4 stars)   - This monitor holds a total of 198 readings if using all two user modes. The LCD Display is large and easy to read. There are two power options of either four AA batteries (NOT included) or a micro-USB cable (included). There is an average feature after two readings. There are date or time settings in 24-hour clock (military time) only. The cuff size is large and will fit most users. There is also voice broadcast mode and two alarm options. This does not have an irregular heartbeat indicator.  (4.5 stars)
713. These are good size making them easy to operate. Being translucent, it allows to keep pill alignment. Much more substantial than expected.
714. I really like this product but it is a bit pricy for us and that is the only reason for the 4 star.  Do recommend!!
715. once it warms up it works fine.it take a bit of body heat to warm up, so can easily lull you into thinking it will not run out too fast.
716. motor is weak
717. Threw it out
718. Love it, works perfectly.
719. Perfect for lighting candles - produces a large frame. The flame does recede down the matchstick quite quickly
720. Wanted to love this item! I was recommended this item  by a coworker and I was disappointed since it didn't really seem to do the job in my bathroom. Really disappointed!
721. I've never even heard of Amalaki until this powder came up for review.  I selected it because I really love these types of things and am always looking for something extra and good, to add to my daily smoothies.  I use a lot of super food powders because I really do feel better after consuming them.  I added a scoopful of Amalaki powder to my regular smoothie and it actually gave it a better flavor.  They had always been a little overly-sweet and the Amalaki powder really balanced it out well.  I read that Amalaki fruit is very high in vitamin C and is supposed to be very good for the digestive system.  My digestive system can give me some serious grief at times and is the main reason I started making my own milk kefir, kombucha and other fermented foods to get the natural probiotics they contain.  So far, I have not had any gastic problems drinking my smoothies containing Amalaki and I can only hope it helps in the ways it has been reported to do so.
722. This hard-to-find completely clear liquid product is perfect for those who need a &#34;legal&#34; form of protein during a liquid-only diet prior to an ever-so-fun colonoscopy. For some unfathomable reason, you can buy &#34;Clear&#34; Ensure in &#34;mixed berry&#34; (i.e., red dye) flavor at the pharmacy, but you can't use that during the prep itself because redpurple dye in any liquid product used during the prep is strictly prohibited. I confirmed this directly with Ensure customer service. WHAT WAS THE MANUFACTURER THINKING?!?!  Although there is some delay in shipping, it's well worth the wait, if you have time to order this before your next procedure. I was unable to order it through my local pharmacy or large retail chain grocery stores. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! Great flavor, and very welcome protein vs. chicken broth, Jello, frozen lemonade, etc. as recommended by the doctor during the prep itself.
723. I got the glasses for my brother in law and they are exactly what he was looking for and they look very nice!!
724. Works as described
725. We can't taste anything in this drink.  It tastes just like Seltzer water to me.  Hubs thinks it tastes bitter.  I just can't see buy cans of seltzer water despite them looking chic and interesting in the lunch room.  When someone asks if they can taste it they're going to say they don't taste anything.
726. Its one thing for it to taste bad, but it offers no health advantage either. Ive been using green supplements for 20 years and they usually make you feel great. Not the case with this.
727. I love this. I have one in each bedroom for my kids, and i bought one as a gift for my brother as he is a  poor sleeper. It has the perfect background sound. Not too loud but just right to distract you  even if not sleeping. I would recommend!!
728. Love the product. The scent seems different than before, much stronger. Bit I love it just the same!Had to return and recieve new ones as the first two had spilled out everywhere! Just be aware this can happen.The new ones were packaged perfectly however, no spills.
729. Very Prompt service.Love this product.Clothes smell and feel great!
730. These are easy to use, strong and convenient! I like these much better than floss. They are convenient to take traveling . They fit in an empty medicine container and my husband keeps them in that for easy transport and storage.
731. Great to have in your stash especially if you have daughters! After the whole toilet paper shortage last Spring, I decided to get these to have on hand. Soft and well made.
732. I have used it hot and cold on my hip. It makes it feel wonderful.  Stays in place and delivers the heat or cold exactly where it is needed.  Love it, use it often!!
733. I have had some serious stress this past year (in addition to everything else we all have experienced).  It has taken a toll on my body.  I decided to start working out slowly to regain muscle mass and strength again.  I figured that this would help avoid some of the pain involved.JARThe jar is a decent size.  It is not oversized like so many of them.  It is filled up completely and comes with a scoop.DOSAGEI scoop is recommended daily first thing in the morning and then post workout if you work out that day.  The scoop looks to be about a teaspoon.FLAVORThere is no flavor at all to this.  Stirring it in water does not add anything in flavor to the water in my experience.DOES IT MIX IN WELL?This mixes in very well.  I did not get any problems with lumping or anything left undissolved in the glass.DOES IT HELP?I have not experienced extreme pain while taking this.  I have not had any remarkable results, however either.  Usually I would be in a lot of pain when working out, but this seems to take the edge off.  I am not a body builder, however, so my progress is slow on purpose more for rehab type of muscle building.DIGESTIVE ISSUES?I have had no issues while taking this so far.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is easy to take, has not flavor, seems to help take the edge off and comes in a decently small jar.MY RATINGFIVE STARS. I give it five stars because it seems to help some, is flavorless as stated, and it does not have any additives either.  It is a bit pricey, but then again, you are not paying for fillers either.
734. Works okay but not as good as other stain treaters.
735. Feels nice and works perfectly
736. I got this to test some stuff and it seems to work well enough.Wish it could test dosages as well,but at least I know I got legit gear.
737. The red isn’t a true red like I was hoping it would be.Besides that - this is a great set of polish.The nail polish all dries quickly under a UV Lamp.The other nail polish colors are as expected.
738. 5 readings ranged from 197, 220, 167, 145, 163.  Basically I’m dead from a stroke.  My arm cuff read consistently from 138-155.Returned.
739. I change my brush heads all the time.  If we get sick, I immediately toss out the old brush heads and put new ones on once we're over the illness.Otherwise I change out our brush heads every other month.  So, it can get expensive.Great deal with these brush heads.  They fit the Oral B perfectly.  They aren't too hard or too soft.I like that I'm able to find cheaper brush heads that are compatible with the Oral B.
740. This is really great stuff.  I use to wash my light colored clothes, including the kids sneakers.  They all come out like new.  I'm now ordering my second box and may as well make it monthly...no, it took me a few months to use the entire box.
741. I will buy this product again.  Very high quality oil.
742. The pharmacy recently changed my mom's prescription from an easy to break caplet to a rock hard tablet, and we have tested no less than five pill splitters to cut her meds into a precise dosage. I kid you not, this is the very first time I have successfully split an aspirin sized pill into an exact half. I think the problem with many pill cutters is the plastic blade guard. This one does not have one, so the cut is clean. No more crumbs and two-third cuts. I highly recommend it.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
743. Soft, strong tissues.
744. Putting these in mason jars and drink lids with drink packets and other goodies for my co-workers as a farewell gift.Love anything that isn't plastic. Hopefully my colleagues will like 'em too.
745. I have had the same bulky blow dryer given to me by my MIL for years now. It did it’s job for the most part, but it was nothing special.  It was time to replace it, and I wanted something lighter (I injured my shoulder) because my old one was causing major fatigue with how heavy it was and how long it took my hair to dry. This one is significantly lighter, and I never realized what a difference a diffuser makes! I can get the volume I like, without all the products I was having to use before!Be aware, as much as I love this dryer compared to my old one, it is not without it's flaws; the major one being ... If used on the highest setting, it IS hot (almost too hot) and after 3-5 minutes of straight use (on high) it pops the fuse nearly every time. It has a built in surge protector on the plug; and I have it plugged into another surge protector, and one of them always seems to pop with "prolonged" use. It still functions much better than my old one, so it's not a deal breaker for me thankfully.Is it still an
746. Bought this for myself (leg cramps) and my 90 year old parents for muscle cramps and stool softener.  It works great for my leg cramps but too strong on the stool softener side for me.  My parents on the other hand experienced good results on both.
747. I love that these are so lightweight and that they have a flexible frame.  These are great, I'm not kidding!  I was skeptical about ordering online glasses, but these are such good quality lenses that they don't just work for upclose, they work great for that 2 to 3 foot range for working on my computer too.Update:  I just ordered two more pairs!
748. I bought this because I just needed the LED light. The one from Colgate was way too expensive and I already had crest white strips and the pen. This worked out just great. So far after one use for some reason I see my teeth look slightly lighter, not a huge difference tbh since it's one use. The LED was so simple to use, didnt cause burning or sensitivity to my gums or teeth. Would but again, but my concern was that It didn't come packaged. It came in a zip lock bag and I didn't see the warranty slip for mine. Can someone explain that to me?? I washed it before using as everyone should cause I was very suspicious about why it didn't come in a box like shown. I will continue using it this entire week.
749. This portable bidet is perfect for staying fresh in between showers. I keep one in each bathroom for those times when personal cleansing is needed, but showering is inconvenient. As much as I would love to have a bidet installed in my home, it's just not possible, and this is the next best thing. They come with a carry pouch, but the containers are  somewhat large for a purse, and i couldn't imagine traveling with them, but they are ideal for the home.
750. This fabric softener is wonderful for people with sensitive skin and for those with arthritis because of the easy to use bottles.
751. Handy and elegant, this pill container is not the usual pillbox found in the drugstore.  It is small enough to slip into a bag & carry around and big enough to accommodate one’s medical needs.  It has 6 compartments.  It is also a pleasure to take out and handle.
752. I wanted to try a cleanse that wasn’t a powder. This one has an interesting combination of ingredients, any of which seem like that would do the trick lol. Didn’t take long to start working. Definitely felt less bloated.
753. Works very well just wish the stones were more comfortable
754. I dont have any issues with this. Hopefully its helping but its one of those items where you really cant tell possibly until later. I've only been using it for about a month and a half. We'll see.
755. Finding alternate “straw” options can be overwhelming. Do you want disposable or reusable.In the disposable case, there are only a few choices. Paper is one of them.These are a bit less reliable than other paper straws I’ve used, and they cannot be used for a lengthy period of time weather in soda or tea.They might work temporarily, but they might need to be replaced if using for a lengthy amount of time.
756. These dry sheets of laundry soap are great for travel.  I travel with carry-on luggage ONLY, even if I'm going for two weeks.  These dry sheets are very good for doing laundry along the way, and they meet carry-on regulations because they aren't in liquid form.  I've been using these on trips for three or four years.
757. I am enjoying my teeth whitening system. I really love the fact that the trays come pre-loaded which is great! No need to measure and hope I put enough in the trays. Happily enjoying my results too. This is a great product from a great seller. I'm overly impressed with this product.  I enjoyed testing out this product. This is a product that I'd gladly purchase again. I am a satisfied happy customer. I was given the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review.
758. This eyelash curler works pretty well. I find it better to use after I apply mascara, BUT it does "melt" the mascara a little bit. It gets pretty warm, has a few different temp settings and has an automatic shut-off. I don't think I like it quite as much as a regular lash curler (which I warm up with my blowdryer) but it does a good job.
759. If you've ever wished you could hear better in a noisy environment, this VitaSound Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B Package is for you. VitaSound advertises this Audio Enhancer as being able to let you hear who you are speaking to better in convention halls or noisy restaurants. The uses for this Audio Enhancer are far more useful than just conventions and restaurants. We found this Enhancer lessens noises from our neighbor mowing his lawn while we are speaking or watching television inside, when children are playing music inside- we can lessen that noise, party noises are lessened, airplane noises if you live near an airport can be lessened, children playing outside, dogs barking, construction in your neighborhood, loud food courts, inside busy airports, busy shopping malls- anywhere there are loud background noises, this Audio Enhancer can lessen the background noises so you can hear the things close to you that you want to hear. We tested this Audio Enhancer in all these situations and it works every time.The Audio enhancer does not eliminate noise, it simply reduces background noises to lower levels, while amplifying voices or sounds in your near proximity. It is NOT a hearing aid, so it will not improve your hearing. This Audio Enhancer was developed by VitaSound Audio Inc. in Canada, who also manufacture hearing aids. This Audio Enhancer actually supplies digital noise reduction and feedback suppression, making background noise much softer and quieter, allowing you to hear noises close to you very clearly and louder. If you are straining to hear noises close to you from being in a noisy environment, you will love the clarity this Enhancer brings to your close hearing. No more ear straining or asking Can You Repeat That? In noisy, irritating environments, it is quite a stress reliever to be able to hear better.This Enhancer gives you 4 different modes to choose from- TV mode, Talk mode, Phone mode and a Relaxation mode. The TV mode can be connected to your Enhancer via an RF wireless connection. Provided are 3 different TV cables that you can choose from, to connect to the Base unit- an Analog Audio Cable, an Optical Audio Cable or a Co-axial Audio Cable. You just connect the cable that matches your TV to both the TV and the Base unit. When the Unit blinks green it will wirelessly transmit to your Enhancer.  Now you can watch TV with hardly any background noises. The Enhancer itself is about the size of a cellphone and comes with in-ear headphones with comfortable ear buds, of which they also provide 3 more pairs of extra soft buds. For Talk mode, you simply wear the in-ear headphones with the Enhancer in your pocket.  Background noises will be lessened, but not as much as with the TV mode. The Phone Mode comes with a Stereo Cable for connecting with your cellphone or MP3 player. Now you can chat on your cellphone or listen to your MP3 player with way less background noise. (This was especially great for talking on our cellphone in an airport and noisy stadium). The last mode is a Relaxation mode. This mode has 4 different relaxing noises- soothing ocean waves, a waterfall with birds chirping, birds chirping, and a sound of a bubbling brook. This relaxation mode is great if you cannot sleep.You can better adjust all these modes to your hearing with a volume control on the side of the Enhancer that has 4 levels from low to high. The 4 function mode buttons are on the bottom front. There is even a side lock switch to set the Enhancer if you find a setting you want to keep for the mode. There is also an EQ mode button on the side allowing you to choose 1 for normal hearing or 2,3 or 4 for a high pitch frequency boost. This EQ mode button also chooses the 4 different relaxation modes you want to hear. Should your Enhancer suddenly not work right, there is a Reset you can use by pushing the tiny inset button with a pin type object. Included in this Personal Audio Enhancer PAE-300B are the Audio Enhancer, headset with microphone, Stereo Cable for cellphone or MP3 Player, Neckloop, Bag Case for headset, Base Unit, AC Adapter Plug, 3 TV cables-Analog, Optical and Co-Axial, 3 sets of Extra Earbuds, a User Manual and a Warranty. If you experience any problems, the User Manual is very easy to understand, and there is also a phone number to speak to a tech.You do have to charge the Enhancer in the Base Unit before your first use, as well as whenever the battery gets low, which the blinking lights will tell you. You can test how well this Enhancer works in eliminating background noise when you first try it, by simply having your TV on and speaking to someone near to you in the same room. I had my husband speak to me with the TV on, as I kept putting the Ear buds in and out of my ear. With the Earbuds in, I could hear a quiet TV and a louder husband. With the Earbuds out, I could hear a loud TV over my husband. You definitely can hear what is close to you way over the background noises. There is one very important thing to mention about this Enhancer- make certain the volume is ALWAYS on low before placing the Earbuds in your ears. If the speaker and microphone are too close, a high pitch whistle can occur. The whistle can be irritating, but not if the volume is on the lowest setting.Also, when adjusting the settings, keep the volume on low as once again, there can be a clicking noise which is irritating if the volume is high. This Personal Audio Enhancer is wonderful for eliminating irritating or loud background noises. It is a 5 Star product, but I have to reduce it by 12 Star due to having to always put it in my ears with a low volume to eliminate any chance of the whistle or clicking noises, which can occasionally occur if a person is too close or while setting the modes. These whistles or clicks rarely happen, so they are not an issue- I just don't like hearing them if they should happen, so I keep the volume low when first putting the buds in my ears. If you have a lot of loud background noises in your environment, whether it be at home, work or out and about, you will find this 4 12 Star Audio Enhancer invaluable. When our next door neighbor was remodeling recently, these earbuds saved me from downing a bottle of aspirins every week, so they are worth the price for your hearing headaches alone!
760. Makes it easier for my mother to feed herself
761. very cheaply made. turned out to far and the handles were extremely uncomfortable. the arm cuff is really small .
762. Guided setup was pretty simple but a little technical know-how was useful. Once you get it configured, your weight and body fat percentage are transmitted via wifi to your fitbit account and the data shows up directly in the fitbit app (along with the other stats from the fitbit on your wrist).
763. Missing 1 and 3 clips are broken...
764. I had the opportunity to review the Sytmhoe Sleep Mask for Men Women.  My wife travels to Alaska for work and she can have a difficult time sleeping during the summer when it does not get dark.  Plus, purple is her favorite color.  She took them recently on a trip and these were her thoughts:• The mask will block out the light if you get it adjusted on your face correctly.  However, when I had full coverage, the elastic band was folded uncomfortably behind my ears.  When I would move it for better comfort, the light would shine through.• They are well padded and comfortable on the face.• The stitching is well done.  The adjustable band is reinforced to keep it secured and lessen the change of it tearing off.• It is contoured so it does not sit flat on her eyes.  She does not wake up with mangled eyelashes.• The elastic band has Velcro to adjust its length for a better fit.Overall, this is a well-made sleep mask for the price.  My wife will use it when she needs to, but not on a regular basis at night of how the band fits too close to her ear.
765. My elderly father has prostrate problems. Since he doesn't like pumpkin or eat pumpkin seeds outside of a Halloween or maybe Thanksgiving celebration, this bottle of Pumpkin Seed Oil vitamins seems like a good and easy way to get the benefits of this vegetable into his daily diet. I've bought Nature's bounty before and while I'm not sure this product is organic, I think this is a reputable brand.Since Dad starting taking this two weeks ago, he has noticed a decrease in his need to go to the bathroom.  He is very happy this product exists.
766. This sports drink tastes like salty Tang. It mixes easily with water. No clumping and no residue on the bottom. Each small packet provides s punch of potassium and electrolytes. The orange flavor is good and in cold water it is refreshing. The packets are small enough to tuck in a pocket or pack. They open easily. It is sugar free and I like the monk fruit-stevia blend used to sweeten it. I have been using these while exercising the dogs. It is summet, hot and humid. These do rehydrate and I feel good after taking.
767. best stuff every! only product that has worked on my kids!
768. My favorite bamboo  toothbrush I’ve tried!Love the bristles, they clean so much better than the last ones I’ve bought.thw head is a perfect size for reaching back teeth for both my husband and myself.  Definitely purchasing more.The rounded handle is much more comfortable than the flat ones.
769. I absolutely love this straightener. I was so excited to try it that I didn't use any creams, straightening liquids or anything like that. That alone straightened my full frizzy hair. It wasn't perfect ,but I wanted to take a picture of the before and after. I tried it again with straightening oil and it was perfect. It worked best for me when I divide my hair into sections. I did brush my hair before so I don't have knots as to not damage my hair. Easy to comb through hair. The temp was perfect as well. Great item. I would purchase  again if I need to. Recommend!
770. I will not go back to bio freeze. This product is amazing,  heat comes on slowly. They can be difficult to remove especially in humid weather. Just remove in the shower. I took these on a yoga retreat and shared it with my companions and everyone was in awe!!!!  like the nice ginseng smell
771. I used this item when I was visiting my friend who has a toddler. It removed every stain easily, with a fresh & calming scent. I have a dog and my clothes are sometimes covered in dirt, which has been hard to completely remove prior. I also tend to be a messy cook, and this easily removed grease stains. I have permanently switched from other brands to Dreft. Highly recommend!
772. Love this stuff, it tastes good and mixes nice and easy with water. Been sipping on it throughout the day, and drinking it in my workout water and post gym hydration.
773. Nice for my wife's back.
774. Purchased several times. Does not bother our stomachs.
775. Just Opened my delivery;I ordered the BLACK Dispenser as is displayed on the Amazon web page but, #BoxBeauty sent a Gray version instead!Further, once you fill it up with a fresh pack of the Mega Strips, they fit BUT, you have to virtually STRETCH the strips to get ONE out of the dispenser up to the perforation mark; this actually defeats the purpose of the Strip application.Not sure if I will keep or Return it.  #NoRecommendation
776. Meh the ice pack isn’t large enough
777. If you remember that coconut milk is a watery liquid, you have to change your expectations for this product.  It advertises to use it in coffee as a creamer substitute.  It just isn't as good as almond milk.  Or really real milk or cream.  I'm trying to use less animal products, but it can be difficult when the substitutes are just not the right consistency.  And I drink strong coffee.It does have a nice coconut flavor. I think if you think of it as a way to have coconut milk without keeping coconut milk around, it is very usable.  Kind of like nonfat dried milk.  Good to use in recipes.  Maybe smoothies?  But not as coffee creamer.
778. I was disappointed cause they are really too large for kids
779. Good product! Nice seller! Recommend! Too early to speak about the results, so will have to post an update.
780. These insoles are comfortable to wear and provide an extra cushion between your foot and the sole of your sneaker or boot. I have flat feet due to weak arches so this works for me. However, unlike other arch supports or insoles I've used over the years, these insoles come with no guidelines. I had to trim these to fit my sneakers but there was no helpful dotted lines to show me how to customize them. I have many other insoles that show you exactly how much to trim if you want to whittle down the size to 7, 8, 9, etc. Here there is nothing. Hence three stars for the extra work required for me to figure out how much to cut.
781. I would recommend !!! Came in with extra battery and small spray container , not sure for what I'm guessing you can add mouthwash to it or just water in case you on the go and using your little tools for your tonsil stones .
782. Love this stuff. It's pricey, but does a super job on my counters and other areas that need to be cleaned.
783. This was my first experience with anything like this so take my review with a grain of salt.  I hated it.  It was scary and sharp and felt like it was dragging my skin. I think I'm too overly sensitive for something like this.  Just not for me.  It is well built and very heavy so I believe it's good quality,  just not something I'm into :)
784. Very cute but loses a star for not coming with any directions.  There is a line on the back that says vinegar,  so I'm assuming you fill it to the lin6with vinegar,  but for how long do you microwave it? I will have to research.
785. Broke almost immediately.
786. I love it.  It works great and makes the perfect curl every time.  The glove is a must or you will burn your hand.  It takes a little practice but the wand is the way to go for perfect beachy waves every time.
787. When I saw that these were glass, they sounded a little dangerous to me. I kept picturing thin glass breaking easily and cutting myself. This isn't the case at all,with this product. The files are thick, with a white, frosty glass look. They have pretty handles, each a different color. They come in a very nice, small zippered  white case, small enough to fit into a purse or maybe even a makeup bag.I think this product is great! I've used thin files, foam files, and metal files and none of those file my nails the way these do. With those types of nail files, I tend to get jagged edges on my nails, which is so disappointing, because I have to keep filing and filing. These glass files leave my nails looking very nice, and I can file them a lot quicker.I really, really like these. They're  a beauty must.I received this product in exchange for my honest review. All opinions expressed are my own.
788. Favorite room freshenerAll their products are great. Use it in my hair salon. Never know I did a perm!
789. Irritating to the skin
790. Well made flexible insert, if that fits your need!
791. Said in the description that these were &#34;easy to swallow&#34;. These are the same size as every other regular sized fish oil capsule I've taken.
792. My toddler loves flossing with these little plackers, they have animal shapes and are colorful.
793. The better half started using this oil recently. I still have to see the benefits, but she is happy with the product so far.
794. I am a physical therapist, and short of getting orthotics made for you, these are the best you can do.  Don't heat mold them until after you have worn them for a week or so; your feet get used to the support and heat molding reduces it somewhat.  If you feel that they support you too much after a week, then go for the molding.  Bonus:  they last forever.
795. Great pill organizer.
796. My wife recently died and elected for her remains to be cremated. When I made the arrangements, the arranger suggested I shop around for an appropriate urn. He said he would be happy to sell me one, but that I might find something more suitable elsewhere.So, I turned to Amazon for help. This urn was perfect for my beloved wife. She loved birds and the birds on this urn were perfect.When I received the urn, I was very pleased with the quality of workmanship. I believe the design is hand-hammered. It might be machine hammered, but it is not a computer-guided work -- a human guided the work.I really like this urn and am pleased that I chose it.Edit: I corrected a couple of typographical errors.
797. If you want to give your house a deep clean, then sometimes harsh chemicals HAVE GOT to be used - especially for degreasing, stains, etc. and these protect your hands very well. They are easy to wash and reuse and provide ample coverage to protect your skin and nails.
798. works great since my charging port quit working, it was a lifesaver
799. I was surprised upon receiving these masks. I opened the poly shipping bag to find the three masks inside. Not realizing it, I had ripped not only the shipping label but the packaging label at the same time. It contained information about the company and the masks. I found this unprofessional, but I guess the company is saving money by making the shipping polybag their official company packaging.The masks are made very simple, without any adjustability to them. I found them difficult to wear because I wear glasses, and they do not have a nose bridge piece to make them more fitted. The elastic bands are also too long, and it's hard to tie them to make them shorter. Therefore, my glasses always got fogged-up when I wore them.Overall, my impressions are that the packaging is unprofessional, and the masks are subpar and could use improvements.
800. I use this along with other soaps as an inexpensive laundry detergent.  It works very well.
801. A great product at a great price. Delivery was the very next day, I couldn't believe it.
802. Awesome earplugs. Worked amazingly at a heavy metal show, where I had to be next to speakers in order to film the event. Gave me the ability to communicate with another videographer, while also being able to hear the music and crowd I was shooting.
803. This is the best laundry softener I have ever used. All of their softeners smell amazing.
804. Help with pain on the heels when you walk.  would recommend
805. Like it, but sometime cumbersome to use
806. Great product with fast delivery
807. Tyey releived my heel pain - even walkingstanding for hours- I've tried several other products- These not only helped the pain it help with the padding- the swelling in my heels- I highly recommend- Pricy-I bought two sets-- but worth the releif-
808. Love it and it fits my scooter great value.
809. I had trouble with this using product.  I’m on the fence about recommending it to others.
810. These are great and make brushing easier.  Dog can't bite me now.  She likes the smaller brush as well.
811. Didn’t seem to do anything-  the stretch was good - no pain relief - no cooling like other lidocaine products
812. Nice and soft
813. Great price for 3 pill organizers. The compartments snap tightly closed, so it would good to throw in a purse.  It is smaller than many week pill organizers and I like that the days of the week are raised and not printed.  Those that have printed words seem to wear off quickly.  The compartments are large enough to hold the 8 pills that I take, including 2 glucosamine and one metformin that are fairly large.  My other pills are small.  There would be room for a few more.  The length is 5-18&#34;, width 1-38&#34; and height 1&#34;.  It is easy to fill it as all the compartments can be open at once, unlike my round case, where they open a small amount if the other days' spaces are open.
814. I need to be in a boot for several years.  The biggest complaint about wearing a boot (aside from the fact that you have to be in the darned boot) is that the velcro on the boot snags on literally everything!  It's ruined many pairs of pants and almost all of my leggings!  I bought this cover in hopes that it would solve this problem.  Once I put  the cover on; behold!  No more snags!  Woo hoo!  Threre is only one very minor problem that I've had with the cover.  Sometimes the zipper slides down.  A safety pin underneath the pull tab prevents this from happening. (I deducted one star for this)  The cover in my estimation, is relatively high priced to have a zipper that won't stay up.  On the other hand, this cover is literally a necessity to me.  It would be really nice if the covers were packaged with the boots.This cover is actually preventing me from ruining any more clothes, therefore saving me more than the cost of the cover.  I will be ordering another cover soon.Have a very blessed day!
815. That nutritional supplements are available without non-therapeutic fillers is a good idea. Or, am I missing something? BS should provide more detailed results from their QC lab testing, more than just claiming &#34;Pure and Clean.&#34;  I plan on using this Glucosamine product for a worn-out, old knee for 2-3 months after which I would update this review. I received this product no charge contingent on posting a review.UPDATE:I too had a problem with receiving product with a too soon expiration date. BS' customer service resolved this issue via e-mail, good job.Sorry to say, though, that this supplement by itself does not seem to help my old knee. Maybe in combination with others, it may help or at least slow progression.FYI, BulkSupplements contracts manufacture of its products in the Peoples Republic of China, unless I'm mistaken. As far as I know, BS has no independent validation of GMPs nor USP verification. Their customer support, readily available through e-mail is cooperative and does try to resolve any problems in a timely manner, but regarding assuring the quality and purity of their products, they told me that they will send you a COA, a certificate of analysis from a lab that they won't identify. My opinion then is that simply printing &#34;Clean and Pure&#34; on their products' labeling is not enough.  Trust but verify as someone once said.
816. I love the Amla juice. I purchased it to use for my hair. It takes away the greys. I have only used henna on my hair, never any chemical dyes. The henna keeps my hair brown & the Amla juice I use as a rinse for my hair.
817. I've used and studied essential oils for many years. I make and sell soap and bath and body products using them. I also diffuse them daily. I've used real sandalwood and it's dupe, Amyris essential oil, which is known as West Indian Sandalwood.Real Sandalwood essential oil is extremely expensive. Most inexpensive Sandalwood that is sold on the market is actually Amyris (Balsamifera) Essential Oil, better known as West Indian Sandalwood, which smells very similar, but costs much less.This Sandalwood does not smell like Sandalwood, nor does it smell like Amyris. It reminds me more of a middle eastern fragrance oil that is light in nature, and very perfume-like. There are no sweet notes of benzoin or vanilla that dry down to blend with the soft, warm notes that are woodsy and a bit smokey. In fact, this oil is not reminiscent of Sandalwood at all, to my nose. It has more of a feminine perfume like scent.I would definitely search for true Sandalwood, which is extremely expensive, or the much more affordable, Amyris Essential Oil. You will get a very warm pleasant smelling oil, instead of one that is very perfumy. I would not recommend this.
818. So far I haven't noticed a HUGE difference, but this thing has reduced some of the stank in my car. Recommend for high activitymilitarygymmartial arts types.
819. Great kit for the price!
820. Perfect for the gym! Going to purchase more!
821. Great product, reasonably priced! Works wonders for my sore muscles.
822. The product is OK for that extra little boost of energy but was using it to try to lose those extra few pounds that never came off
823. Works wonders if your on your feet working long shifts
824. It didn't stop the hip pain that occurs when I drive.  I think the situation is just too bad for it to help.
825. There's no indication on the label what the source is (fish, bovine, etc).  The label looks like it was just &#34;slapped together&#34; for the sake of making a label, not to provide any information regarding source or quality.  I'm returning it because because it's too questionable.
826. Worked well but did not realize when I bought them they are just stickers and you make the toppers yourself.
827. This has been one crazy year. We have all had to get face masks or learn how to make our own. Thanks to COVID this has become a common day task that we wear these at work or out and about on errands and such. For some tasks I prefer wearing washable cloth masks and for others I prefer using a disposable type. At work we are only allowed to use the disposable N95 type masks but thankfully those are supplied to us.When I run errands or in my personal life I prefer to wear the more comfortable and reusable cloth masks. In this pack you get 2 black masks. In addition you get a storage pouch for when you are out and about to keep your mask in. You also get a pouch to wash your masks in. This is a nice set of masks that is very comfortable to wear. It fits very well above the nose and under the chin.  This one is very comfortable and fits well. The cotton is very soft and comfortable to wear. They have a metal clip on the nose to make them fit better. They also have adjustable loops to make sure the masks stay put and fit well. All int all this is a good mask that I like to wear quite a bit. At $15 this is not a bad price at all plus you can use the accessories for any of your other masks really.
828. I just unboxed this light and wow. I expected it to be low quality - lightweight + cheap plastic. It’s anything but! With an Amazon coupon, I snagged this light therapy lamp for $11 but would absolutely buy again sans coupon. It seems very well made and it’s a great size! I ordered it as a light for my photo production class, but will likely being using this more often than I originally intended too. The buttons are touch sensitive too! (Not clicky, but touch like a touch lamp… if that makes sense). Anyway. I highly recommend this product
829. This polish is so pretty!
830. This has GREAT sounds, but you can't lower the volume low enough when your trying to sleep at night.  Even at the lowest volume, it is REALLY loud.  It was so loud, my wife got up to sleep in the spare bedroom.  I returned it the next day.
831. these scales are stylish. they are easy to clean and are very accurate. The only thing I don't care for is the LED display is hard to see during daylight hours.
832. It’s exactly as described.. adjustable, not too thick and not too thin… you never forget it because it’s around your neck
833. The best quality potassium I've ever bought!! Great product!
834. This cushion works as it should. It's not some wimpy cushion made for your dining room chairs. It's made for people with coccyx and back issues, along with those that need better support than normal wheelchair cushions. That being said, I did buy many of these for our hard-as-a-rock dining room chairs and they work as they should.The padding is thick and not soft. I'm a big guy who can suffocate most chair cushions. This cushion holds up to my big buttocks, even for extended game nights which can run 5-6 hours.My buttocks are happy and that makes me happy.
835. This hemp oil tasted and smelled like cooking oil.  I spit it out immediately.  Thirty minutes later my throat was numb.  I purchased it based on over 1,000 5 star reviews.  NO.  The reviews were for a cherry coke product.  As were all the questions!I contacted amazon via chat since this product is non-returnable.  Got a refund and they promised to contact tech support and have the false questions and reviews removed.
836. These are good earplugs. They work well in reducing noise and protect your hearing but they will not completely drown out all noise. You get a cute little carrying case with a carabiner that let's you attach it to your purse or luggage or whatever really. Inside the case is a sturdy foam with 6 holes in it in which the 3 pairs of earplugs are inserted into. Each pair has different colored plastic so you can keep the pairs together.The earplugs fit very well and I have had no issues with them falling out. The soft silicone material is actually pretty comfortable. The way these are made you can actually lay on your side sleeping and be comfortable with them. They reduce noise nicely but you can still hear what is going on to some degree.These are well made. The materials are nice and can easily be washed. You can take the silicon of the plastic to allow proper cleaning of both really. When not in use you can store everything safely in the carrying case.
837. Great generic Vaseline. Has a light scent to it and works just as well as the name brand.
838. The lidocaine does a decent job stopping pain from irritated skin. The menthol is almost, maybe just strong enough, to actually reach deep enough to the muscles.  The product was also nice on mosquito bites and my parapsoriasis. The only issue I had was it got on a white t-shirt and it's still on that white t-shirt after one wash. Maybe a few more washes and it will fade entirely. I thought about using this to help heal a new tattoo, the lidocaine really intrigued me but the menthol worried me on a raw wound that a fresh tattoo presents.
839. This is a nice little pill box at a reasonable price. Much nicer than the translucent plastic ones that are so common. Even so, I definitely wouldn't call this an upscale product.  Not sure how long it's going to last, especially since it bounces around in my purse. Right now, it stays closed.  I would suggest keeping it in a makeup bag so that it doesn't got a lot of hard wear.  Three compartments that can keep medications or supplements separate.  Very cute.
840. Latch closure not secure. Pops open.Had to put a rubber band around it.
841. Ok but not working fo me
842. very  nice  bags,  elegant  look  and  excellent  packing in  its  own  wrapped  box.  I  have  purchased  again, and  you  will  be  happy
843. Fabulous fish oil! Helped to drop my husbands cholesterol levels in just a short time. Great lemony flavor and high quality.
844. I love these exfoliating face sponges. The texture is perfect for the face. Once it gets wet the sponge expands a little bit which gives you more of the material to use. The 2 features for me that make this stand out from the others is 1) the back has a small pocket for you to slide your fingers in and you can use as much or as little pressure as you choose with 2 fingertips. 2) it has a sturdy string type material firmly attached at the end which is nice so you can hang it after using it and it dries quickly and evenly. Very convenient!Packs a big punch for a little item!
845. Traveled through out Europe and worked
846. These are super easy to use. They keep your nose open so you can get air in when you sleep. You may look a little odd wearing them, but when you're old you don't care. You just want to sleep. The only downside is my cat thinks they are a toy, and he takes them off the nightstand to his hiding place. So if you have a cat, keep them away from them. Or give them their own pair.
847. Etekcity digital body weight scale is a good product.
848. If you're applyingwearing acrylics (or have something like horse hoofs on the ends of your fingers), this brand may be useful. These are not nice, gentle finishing buffer - they remove nail material! I'll admit, I don't have especially great nails. They tend to be a bit thin and weak, so I try to take care of them with regular manicures. In between visits, I was doing a quick touch-up; by the time I got the smooth finish I was looking for, I could feel my nail sort of pulling up at the tip and away from the nail bed. Maybe I got overly aggressive with it, but this wasn't my first nail-buffing rodeo! Be careful.
849. Finally the perfect adjustable mask to fit my face!!!  Everything I have ordered is too big for my face but these actually adjust to fit me!!!!!!  Very soft material and very well made!!  Just went and ordered more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
850. Works great, tastes TERRIBLE but that the product not the brand.  It does dissolve well which is good -
851. I have to say these are awesome glasses they fit really well and are so clear and the light-blocking is awesome as I spend a lot of time on my Kindle.
852. These are a must have to keep on hand. I have narrow heels and often put these in the back of shoes. They have little silicone fingers that actually shape against your foot to hold them.  No blisters!
853. Great product and fast shipping. Thank you!
854. Best bug repellent, and has a sunscreen built in!  I wear this when doing yard work in north Texas.  Keeps away every bug imaginable, and they all live in my yard. :)  No bites when I wear it, and no sunburn.  Plus it smells great!
855. He likes the flavor, and loves to chew gum, so it was good for him lol
856. Much better than the Kleenex brand.
857. After riding my bike, I will drink an entire bottle to replenish electrolytes. It tastes good, especially when chilled. I highly recommend this product
858. Minnie Ears from Disney... what is there not to love!
859. Did not work for advertised purpose. It should have a hole in elbow for the swelling. All this did was put pressure on swelling. Need to explain its intended use better
860. If you don't mind 12 grams of fat in your cookie then these are great.  Excellent flavor.  The chocolate is dark and in small chunks, probably from the bars they make.  Pretty wrapper if you were handing them out as a reward.
861. I received my foot detox pads today and I am not happy - it is advertised that there are 20 foot pads, but only 10 came in the box. I looked for instructions to see if I was supposed to cut them in half or something - nothing. I want a refund for false advertising and I have pictures to prove I was jipped out of half of the pads. See in the pictures, 20 is advertised but if you can see the packaging well enough to count, you can see there are only 10 in the box
862. This product was exactly as described and performed perfectly in cleaning coins. Easy and safe to use and without a doubt the best I have seen in a long time. Will certainly buy again.
863. Nice taste and arrived fast.
864. the product itself looks amazing and fancy. but the package could be better . I hope there is a plastic wrap seal around the box. so it will look like something safe and never been used . just a suggestion
865. Beautiful calendar promptly sent.
866. This scale is horribly inaccurate.
867. I've been buying this for a long time, it does everything it says it will.  It cleans up pet stains, and other stains too!  It takes care of odours well!  I discovered this at a cat show years ago, and loved it right away.  Yes, it's a bit expensive, it also takes very little to do the job.
868. The absolute best bone broth is that which you make yourself using cracked bones and boiling them for several hours.  Drain and filter and freeze what you don't use right away.  However, that is time consuming and messy.  Though I know I get the best quality bone broth by making it myself, a powder is so nice and easy.  I've added this powder it to soup stock and into my meatloaf recipe.  It's savory and not sweet or chocolate flavored (a lot of them are and I really get tired of chocolate everything) and can be added to a lot of dishes or drunk as is mixed with hot water.  It tastes fine and though it's kind of pricey, you get a big container of it.
869. Going on a trip and this keeps me from having to worry about liquids on an airline.
870. Hope it is never used but glad I have it if needed
871. I hear this product from my Japanese friend, she said it is very effective, fortunately I found it on amazon! I put it in the toilet, and the odor disappear in half an hour. Next I will put it in the car to try if it will make the air fresher.
872. Great buy on a terrific cleaning product!
873. This is an excellent body exfoliating tool, it replaced my back brush, scrubs, and exfoliating gloves. After the first use my body felt so soft and smooth. My back acne is drying up, and the tiny pimples are going away after using it 5 times. I also got a smoother shave this time without cutting myself.  I also use regular body wash with it and it suds up incredibly. The net sponge dries quickly after using, and moreover it is white so I can wash it with my white towels when needed. I also cut a small piece to gently scrub my face and my face felt great. I think this will last me for years. I will forever buy this stuff.
874. Make sure you don't buy a baby product because the smell will drive you crazy.
875. This product does curb appetite.  It allows me to not eat midlessly but make the right choices.  I do also notice an improvement in my energy levels.I have not been excercising since I started taking this product.  I will update the review once I start working out.  So I feel that this product is worth some attention.
876. The ear plugs didn't fit well, nor did they lessen the noise.
877. Love all the colors and they fit well!
878. This works so well. It removes lint great but my favorite part is that it helps remove picked material. My daughter has some athletic pants that started getting fuzzing looking, this removed those little picks and balls and made the pants look new again.
879. Flexible but durable shoe horn, I keep one in my car for quick shoe changes
880. PROS1. Delicious taste.2. Excellent ingredients.3. Vegan, with no gelatin.4. Less sticky than candy gummies (but you still need to thoroughly brush your teeth after chewing these).5. At a dose of 1000 IU per gummy, you can easily titrate your dosage to a preferred dose (see below).CONS1. This is an extremely expensive way to take vitamin D3. However, the price of these gummy vitamins is fairly typical. All gummy vitamins are exorbitantly expensive. I typically use gel capsule versions of D3 from either Solgar, Jarrow, Viva or Life Extension, which is much cheaper than these gummies.GENERAL INFORMATION ON VITAMIN D3Vitamin D3 is the most bioavailable form of vitamin D, which is well known by both alternative and mainstream medical practitioners to have bone-protective properties. There are varying opinions on how much D3 to take. As you can see, this product has 1000 IU per gummy. My own alternative healthcare provider has vacillated over the years between recommending a dose of 1000 IU per day, to 2000 IU, to up to 5000 IU. I personally take between 1000-5000 IU per day depending on the time of year.If you are concerned about a possible danger of overdose of vitamin D, note that the body itself produces up to 20,000 IU of vitamin D after just 20 minutes of unprotected sun exposure in the summer, with no ill effects. However, for those embarking on a dosage of more than 1000 IU daily, if you wish to be extremely careful, and you have money to burn (because your insurance won’t pay for it), you can do it under a doctor's supervision. You do this by having the doctor regularly test your blood levels of vitamin D by ordering the 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test, abbreviated as "25(OH)D." This is touted as the most reliable test of vitamin D status. Optimal levels of vitamin D in the blood range between 50 and 70 ngmL.Of course, if you are willing to allow yourself a few minutes of sun exposure in the summer, you can get all the vitamin D you need that way during that time of year. However, in the winter, the angle of the sun is such that if you don't live quite near the equator, the body produces inadequate vitamin D when exposed to the sun--not to mention that very little of the skin is exposed to the sun when it is severely cold outside.Research has discovered that Americans as a whole are dangerously deficient in vitamin D, especially during winter months. The body's ability to produce vitamin D naturally also declines with age.In addition to its well-known benefit of protecting bones, vitamin D encourages the body to produce substances called cathelicidins which destroy viruses, bacteria, and other microbes, which is why vitamin D increases resistance to colds and flu. Research has shown that people who take cod liver oil, which is high in vitamin D, lower their risk for respiratory infections of all kinds. (Apparently this 19th Century cure-all actually was a viable home remedy.)The risks associated with suboptimal blood levels of vitamin D are many, including: high blood pressure, increased cancer risk, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and obesity. The benefits of supplementation and the risks of deficiencies of vitamin D increase as we age. In particular, in senior citizens vitamin D deficiency is linked with generalized bodily weakness, an increased possibility of developing macular degeneration, and a 2.5 times greater risk of death. In contrast, research has indicated that supplementing with vitamin D decreases the risk of developing cancer of the colon, lungs, and breast. It also improves balance in old people--which is a great thing since older people are at substantial risk of death from a fall. It also improves mood, and as such is a natural treatment for depression (it is well known that depression rates increase in winter due to lesser amounts of sunlight). Studies have shown vitamin D improves symptoms of all kinds of autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis, and that it can relieve the pain of fibromyalgia.During flu season, vitamin D3 can help keep you from getting sick or lessen the duration of bouts of colds, sore throats or flu. My healthcare provider recommended to me taking as much as 10,000 IU on a day I begin to get a cold or flu. I've been on this supplement for years, along with 2000 IU of vitamin C daily, and haven't had a cold or flu since.There have been many, many scientific studies on the health benefits of vitamin D3 over the years. Below is just a tiny sample.REFERENCESMarwaha, R., et al. Interventions for prevention and control of epidemic of vitamin D deficiency. Indian J Pediatr. 2019 Jun;86(6):532-537.Putman, M., et al. A randomized clinical trial of vitamin D supplementation in healthy adolescents. J Adolesc Health. 2013 May;52(5):592-8.Salehpour, A., et al. A 12-week double-blind randomized clinical trial of vitamin D3 supplementation on body fat mass in healthy overweight and obese women. Nutr J. 2012;11:78.
881. Good quality multi for 40+ men
882. Great cleaner! Took marks off my white walls that I couldn't get off with other cleaners, and I tried a lot!
883. Returned, itchy material.
884. It's cute and and &#34;blingy&#34;; it looks somewhat cheap, but when in my hair it still looks good.
885. I got the coconut and there was zero taste! I wanted to return or exchange it and I couldn’t do either. Very disappointed.
886. I love *knowing* where my tweezers are!!! Having these secured inside a small, custom case keeps them clean and accessible whenever I need them! &lt;3
887. The bottle is hard to get intoWhen you finally get the patch it is thin, bunches up and you cant separate it on skin when bunched upI should have not wasted the moneyPinched sciatic  nerves are miserable but patches you cant maneuver alone make it worse
888. This was worse than eating corn in the cob. I came in trying to floss, and I left with strings that I had to remove by flossing with regular floss. I’m not sure why this stuff was so fragile, but it’s absolutely useless unless you have really spaced out teeth. I wish it had worked better, since I support the eco-friendly packaging it came in.
889. It seems to give me energy about an hour after I drink it. Only downside is it upsets my stomach during that hour. I feel pretty good after that.
890. This thing is sized to fit a little tiny teenage girl or perhaps a child below the age of 15. Myself however, I am a 38 year old slightly overweight man. I started trying to put this thing on and felt my shoulder pop and then I had to literally cut this thing apart in order to remove it from around my shoulders. Description of the size is completely inaccurate. I will not be purchasing any products like this ever again. I will attempt to improve my posture some other way. If I need to get surgery on my shoulder again... ughhh no just no. Buyer beware.
891. Viva Naturals Collagen Protein Powder has no flavor or smell (i.e., tasteless and odorless). You can blend this non-dairy supplement with any beverage. My husband added this protein with orange juice. It mixes well. He could not taste the product, nor was it gritty. Each serving (there are 30 per 23.7 ounce container) is 90 calories and contains 21 grams of protein.  This product is gluten and lactose free.  It is easy to drinkswallow. The collagen used is: grass-fed Bovine, Wild Cod and Chicken. This collagenprotein powder promotes healthy bones and strengthens your joints. And finally, the cylinder-shaped container while large can be kept in any cabinet easily. My husband recommends it.
892. Pretty awful. Purchased during Amazon day. Plates don't seem.to close all the way. Waste of money
893. I couldn't get these things to work on my glasses, however they are a well made product
894. Short handle, soft brush. Chinese label printing.Not labeled for sale in USA retail stores..
895. This is great for extra soft skin, buy it.
896. Great purchase! One of my favorite pre-workouts.
897. This is a basic supplement that works well. The L-Theanine helps reduce the anxiety that caffeine can cause. The 200 mg L-Theanine  100 mg caffeine ratio is better than 100 mg  100 mg. Some people like much more L-Theanine, so the powered bulk supplement might be better.The current cost is $11 for 60 servings, which is $0.18 per serving. It is inexpensive, but these are inexpensive ingredients and this combination is being sold by many vendors. This is certainly cheaper than a cup of coffee. You can add L-Theanine to your coffee as an alternative.
898. I really needed a good set for my serger.  This is well made and gives you reach in those hard to reach areas.
899. Overall an inexpensive bottle for a small quantity of capsules for taking occasionally. The capsules are transparent so you can see the acai supplement you are consuming, no fillers or mix-ins. No after-taste for me with these.
900. The scissors cut terribly and the razor is difficult to cut exactly how one would like. Very frustrating.
901. These are really good probiotics. My GF has problems with acid-reflux and I suggested this to her. She felt improvement the first day! She had tried one other of my probiotics which I've reviewed (discounted purchase) and didn't like the other brand (made her feel constipated) but she is a convert to the Power Pearls. She forgot to take them for 2 days and her reflux symptoms returned.Best of the 3 we've tried, and easy to swallow.
902. I'm pregnant with twins and have been getting a lot of back pain and abdominal strain which I know will just keep getting more pronounced as I get bigger so I have been looking for a support garment.  I borrowed one of the single-strap type supports you can get at Motherhood and I found that to be really uncomfortable - it was uncomfortable while I was sitting down, it didn't stay in place very well and rather than help with the pressure on my bladder, it made it feel worse. Clearly I needed something better.I ordered this prenatal cradle and had a lot of relief immediately.  It has seriously improved my lower and upper back pain and abdominal strain.  I find it easier to lift and carry things and just getting up off the couch is easier.The "adjustablility" of this model was one of the reasons I bought it and I have to say, its nothing to write home about (3 sets of hooks that are pretty widely spaced) but better than nothing.  The company says this will fit 150 - 220 lbs.  I am 156 lbs and found I have to wear it on the middle set of hooks to avoid uncomfortable compression but maybe thats just how I'm carrying.All in all, I would say if you are getting big and don't have super-strong core muscles, this support can really help improve your pregnancy experience.  I wish I hadn't waited to buy this - get it before you HAVE to have it and save yourself some pain.
903. Does a great job for those hard to reach places.
904. Bought for gifts for grandkids.  Great idea.
905. This is a solid heating pad and I love the size. The heat level options are great and it is really soft.
906. I was incredibly dissatisfied with this pollen. It's flavor was terrible, it was dry and just seemed old. I've been eating pollen for awhile and decided to try this because the price was so reasonable but this is very low quality, or the way they process it ruins it. I'd rather pay more money and get a higher quality product. As they say, you get what you pay for.
907. I first discovered a hot water bottle while in Kenya on Safari. They put them under your sheets during turn down service, so by the time you get into bed, it is toasty and comfy. This is the first and only time I've experienced this and u knee
908. We've used Wellements baby stuff for a while now.  This syrup is typical of their quality of products.  We always watch for side effects and haven't had any bad reactions.
909. Need to be softer
910. I got these to hold the tips of my pre-rolled bamboo paper filters, and the tips don’t fit down into the filter-tips far enough to hold them securely. They are okay, but not as good as they could have been. I guess it depends on whose product you use with what.
911. I bought it for my sister and she says she loves it. It is her relieving moment after work.
912. I bought several packages of these for a wedding luncheon. Handed them out to ladies attending the event - on our back lawn - to keep their shoes on the grass instead of sinking into the sod. Sizes are all same height: small is for very thin stiletto heels. Medium is for a standard high heel that is still slender and large is still for a slender high heel but for a slightly thicker size. Most ladies needed the medium size. All appreciated having these for the event.
913. I purchased this for my fiance and got a size large as he is a smaller framed male. I honestly should have just gotten the XL. He says it works but chafes under the armpits after a while so he can only wear it short term. All in all a good product but definitely suggest a size up from what youd normally wear.
914. It is impossible to read with these readers.  That is if one can call them readers.  I put them on and felt I had just been on a tilt-a-whirl or merry go round.  Makes one dizzy if left on.  Makes vision BLURRY!!  One certainly cannot read with these on!!They are made as bifocals so one has to have the glasses in a certain position in order to read.  If you move your eyes or body position in any manner at all, immediately you are out of focus and all is blurry.For "readers" these are NOT.I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!  DO NOT BUY!!
915. Exactly what I needed.
916. worked great. love it
917. Been using this brand and style for years. Never too tight or too loose. Always just right and I wear my CircAides right over them. (Can’t stand compression socks over my feet.)
918. My husband tried these in his puma sneakers and the inserts are top thick for those sneakers. It ends up squeezing his feet. He did say that the insoles themselves were very comfortable.
919. This scale connects via your WiFi home network and updates your weight daily.  Really helpful when merged with FitBit tracker and everything you can enter into an account relative to food eaten and water intake.  Helps in weight loss or maintenance once you are at a target weight.
920. My recommendation is to stick with the PM2.5 filters. These filters are way too thin (just one ply) and the design is odd. In addition they are way too big to fit in any one of my over 45 masks. I actually had to fold them in half in order to tuck it into my masks' filter pockets. I would never order this again.
921. Love the gel it is easy to apply and doesn't take much. I have used it every day it does seem to help.
922. Cute a great for beginners using crystals
923. Not going to complain about toilet paper these days. Just glad I could find some. This marcal TP was not bad, I’ve gotten some weird commercial no name brands that was not so great. This was decent.
924. A great product! You get that great ginger taste wothoiy all the chopping!
925. Energizers are always a good choice.
926. Overall a great product. Good for your nails, hair,skin.
927. I have reviewed dish fish in the past. They are absolutely the best sponge scrubby combo on the market. They last a very long time, do not hold odors, and overall have a great scrub part for any tough cleaning! I love my dish fish and buy them for everyone LOL! For real!
928. This was a fun little toy. There is the potential to shallowly puncture the skin but you'd have to be pressing really hard. Otherwise, it's sensations galore and so worth the money!
929. What can you say about baby oil?  It's oily, smells nice and has aloe vera in it.  It's as good, if not better than other brands of baby oils I have used over the years.  I use baby oil mainly in the bath tub on those rare occasions that I have enough time, peace and quiet to take a long soak.  I will pour a medium stream of baby oil into the bathwater and I come out all nice and soft.  The price of these 4 large bottles is excellent - as of this review a pack of 4, 20 oz bottles only costs $8.92.
930. This triple strength glucosamine is perfect.  Arrived on time also!
931. These are good cotton gloves. I use them to moisturize my dry hands while I sleep. My only real complaint is that they’re a little long in the fingers.
932. Nice, easy to use.
933. Love the oil, but the cap leaks.
934. Great stick! Just don't forget that you put it on when you need to utilize the water closet
935. Durable and better than most silicon scrubbers. Must have if you struggle with psoriasis, eczema, or alopecia. My psoriasis is lessened in appearance and with much shorter shower times and products.
936. .. means cute. I mainly bought it for the nostalgia. It doesn’t hold a lot of q-tips in it.
937. Very thin and breaks down over time.
938. This is thing is huge, folks. I used if for the first time this morning. My arthritic, stiff hands was able to extract the morning meds without fumbling.The boxes  fit just tightly enough to not slide out on their own, but are easy to slide out. I think that it will be able to stand the drop test, without meds spilling out. The lids have slight detents to stop at each pill compartment. Just turn the meds out on a handkerchief (old folks know what this is ) or other piece of cloth and you can double check the meds before taking them. This is a lot larger than I need, but the size is important for ease of handling. The markings are clear and sharp, but will soon wear off, but no a big concern. I got the Oveo large for my off-times meds, it is a lot smaller and may be better for most users, especially if you want to use it traveling. If you needed this size pill box for traveling, it would take up a lot of room in a suitcase, but the boxes won't scatter. If you remove a tray to carry with you, it is just too big for a pocket (sorry guys) but perfect for a ladies purse.
939. Actually a 4XL and it fits comfortably, and being adjustable my ears are pleased. The design is awesome and very functional and roomy in front of your face. Stretch materials are thick, soft and easy to adjust but not loosen as you wear unless you decide to adjust it yourself. Covers nose bridge, cheeks, and under chin. I doubt I will add a nose thing since it's design and adjust ability make for a good face fit with little to no gaps in the nose area or under eyes.
940. Love this product! I buy it for myself and always keep a supply for my arthritic mother! So soothing and works wonders on achy muscles!
941. They do the job at a great price
942.  This is a nice white noise sound machine with a total of 16 sounds. It is not battery operated and comes with a USB cable but no AC adapter, the unit itself, a round instruction card, and a regular instruction pamphlet.The unit must be plugged in to operate.  Operation is simple as per my video. There is a nightlight feature where several lights can be cycled through. The timer feature goes from 15 to 120 minutes or can be turned off to play continuously by holding the button down. The play button will turn the unit sound on or off. There are three sound controls - nature, white noise, and lullaby. There are six available sounds for the first two and only four lullaby sounds.The current price of $23.99 is reasonable for this. Of course, in the days of smart home speakers such as Google Home, no such device is really needed as I can just ask my Google Home to play sounds or tell it goodnight to get a routine. Nevertheless, for those who want a sound machine for a baby room or just for themselves, this does work. Know that there will never be more than 16 sounds available and it always has to be plugged in to operate.PS - I was almost going to lower the rating of this unit by one star because there was a card insert with the unit saying that $10 will be provided for a positive review. Such unethical practices annoy me. This unit is good enough to stand on its own merits without having to buy a review and if it were not, then it would not deserve a positive review.
943. There a few issues to challenge in terms of this product being for someone born in the 1950s (The Rubix Cube did not come out until decades later). Still, the concept is fun. I can think of many other inexpensive 50s nostalgic items that could have be included.
944. These boxes are perfect for gifting baby outfits or shirts. I love that they come with the bows too so it's really easy and convenient to wrap a gift in a stylish way. I received these at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
945. The vitamin D tablet that I was taking was like a horse pill. It was huge and not coated. Very hard to get down. This tiny gel type pill is a wonder! It is so small and coated. Very easy to swallow. No after taste.These I look forward to taking!
946. This works great when I need  only a few pills with me and,  I dropped my keys in a water puddle and the pills didn't get wet at all
947. Kleenex with lotion is so soft and comfortable. Definitely my favorite tissue for winter sniffles!
948. Great for those who can't bend over well.
949. Much better quality & filtering than the original filter provided by the CPAP manufacturer. Perfect size. Loaded with fibers for superior filtering. This pkg of fiber filters are a great price. I will be re-ordering.
950. To me this is just hand lotion with a label to make a person buy it. It is not worth it
951. I am sure it works but it smells pretty bad. Like fish in a trash can in the next room. I actually tried poring some out and mixing in rose essential oils to cover it. That worked for one day then the icky smell was back. Was it rancid? I don’t know I just threw it away and felt good abt it. I have borage oil capsules and they don’t smell like that if you open them up.
952. I used this brace for support while going through physical therapy for low back and sciatica pain
953. Need two sheets to wash a few items in sink when traveling..Good product but a zip lock with dry laundry detergent is a better and cheaper option.
954. The socks were as described and I expected..not thin material but the nice cozy fleece.The non-skid bits on the bottoms are good, too.If I had a wish it would be that they offer more color choices.
955. I was excited to receive this product but once I had one it left a funny aftertaste in my mouth which made me not want to have any more.
956. These were a comparable value to local brick & mortar stores. The texture is soft and absorbent.
957. I had been looking for this rinsing solution every where but I don't think they sell it in stores. I use this right after I take my contacts out of the hydrogen peroxide solution I use to clean them in.My eye doctor switched me from regular contact solution to the hydrogen peroxide one about a year ago because he noticed regular solution wasn't cleaning them as well for me. But I was terrified of putting something that was once hydrogen peroxide on my eyes.I know that after 6 hours, the hydrogen peroxide has neutralized. I know that in my head. I took organic chemistry. I know the science. Yet, I couldn't make myself put something was once hydrogen peroxide anywhere near my eye. So after I take my contacts out of the cleaning solution in the morning, I rinse them with this. I don't know what else you would use this for because this is not a cleaning solution - it's a rinsing solution. But I love it and I can't see myself using my regular solution without this.
958. I like the freshness and that it is already ground, works great in smoothies.
959. I've had a brass pill case for many years that was wearing out so when I went to buy a new one, I was quite disappointed to find pharmacies now only sold super low quality aluminum cases. Literally everything about them was staggeringly sub par. Figured I might as well drop the extra cash and get a good one. Not disappointed on this choice. These have good O-ring fit, every edge inside and out has been either radiused or chamfered, excellent alignment between all the parts, and good thread engagement. She seller mentions it is a fine thread but that is a relative thing. The threads are 0.8" x 18TPI which is a good balance for this application and considering that is a very non-standard size, these were probable made on a CNC which explains the price.
960. I'd love to find the long-handle ones Ike like I used to have but if you've ever tried any like this, you're flossing the hard way.
961. This is a forts for me, and I wasn’t sure if this was going to be a waste of f money and time.  I wash my hair daily now, due to exercising needs.  What I loved about this conditioner and despite the color and the initial scent. The end results was beautifully soft hair and a beautiful honeysuckle smelll!  If it weren’t for the fact I washed my hair everyday, the fragrance would linger.  It is not overpowering at all, just a whiff when you shake your head.  Wow. I can’t believe this conditioner, and it didn’t leave my hair feeling too thick and sticky.  I am converted to continue with this brand.  Not sure I am brave enough to try the other brands.  Definitely a hit for me.
962. Works well, it is sturdy and it nice and compact size.  Would recommend.
963. Lightweight soft.  I like these.  Great value.
964. Adhered well and are staying in place after 2 wears.  Unknown how product will reduce slipping after many wears.
965. Seems better made than the one I had before (from another company).
966. bunches and causes friction...
967. Loved the feel on my feet gave me soft support. Loved them
968. These probiotics hit the mark when it comes to strain diversity, with each capsule providing 14 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle label, but the specific concentration of each one is not. However, the mark of a good probiotic is both diverse strains plus a good potency. This falls quite short on the potency side, with each capsule providing only 3 billion CFUs. I find a minimum of 20 billion is what I need for good results (digestive and elimination benefits). As such, these don't hit the mark.However, for those who have difficulty tolerating high potency levels, such as younger children and the elderly, this is a decent option. The price is excellent for a 60 capsule bottle. While child-focused probiotics are usually chewable, these capsules should be small enough for most to swallow.As an general adult probiotic I'd give these 2 stars, but as a low-potency childelderlysensitive stomach probiotic, it's a 4 star option for the price. I'll average the two and give it 3 stars.
969. Good value for good ingredients.  Happy with these.
970. My husband perspires easily. He used the wax, but shortly after it dissolved in the wax. Others may have better results.
971. Doesn't that picture look tall, firm, and sturdy????  It's not.  And it moves around all over the place. Whoever designed it never sat on it every day  -  couldn't have.
972. Easy and fun to use for creating many unique hairstyles, so happy I bought this!
973. It's cheap and it does what I wanted.  The "massage" function is a joke though.  It comes with 3 little plastic parts that you can scrape your feet on.  Not sure why they even bothered with that.  But it's nicer than sticking your feet in a plain tub.
974. I call these my nunchucks! Camping and hiking (packed ultra light) for 5 days in the ADK I used one to cary medication and vitamins, and used the other one for herbs and spices. If I find another reason to purchase this again, I definitely will!
975. This product has all three ampk boosters {Gynostemma, quercetin, Berberine} I bought Master Switch to help support my natural ampk, fight deep stomach fat and to boost my energy. To soon to report whether there is any improvement in these areas yet.
976. Outstanding product as one would expect from Jocko. My family loves it, especially my teenage son. Will definitely be reordering and would highly recommend to ANYONE kids or not.
977. I saw no difference in the air quality - I had it on the second setting
978. This is the first true medical kit I have ever purchased. I purchased it at the start of the coved pandemic because I had seniors to take care of at home. This is one of the most complete med sets I have ever seen. It’s great. There’s so many supplies I almost can’t get it all in the backpack. The backpack is made well and can be used for outdoors. However, the fabric is not completely waterproof. With much gratitude, thank you, and hope this helps others. :DPros:1) A comprehensive set of supplies2) Quality products3) Well packaged4) The backpack is good quality material and well builtCons:1) No instructions on which items are best put together in the backpack2) Backpack not completely waterproof
979. Very cheaply made. Definitely not white gold over. The stones looked badly placed as well.
980. Works great, it’s safe, smells pleasant
981. Didn't work for me, but perhaps it might work for others. I am only able to void my bladder to about the 50% level. After trying the Bladder Void and not experiencing any relief, I reluctantly started taking a prescription drug. I hope this product works for others, but for me, it just didn't help.
982. It's a good scale and it does interface with the Fitbit app. I think the body fat percentage feature is total BS as mine varies by several percent day to day. I find the weight is within reasonable limits of variation day to day given that I weigh myself immediately upon waking up every day. I think the interface could be more seamless. It doesn't automatically plug my weight into the Fitbit weight tracker. This may be operator error.
983. Great water pressure for a tiny product. The suction cups under the base keep it steady when in use.  The rechargeable battery is a huge plus!!! A great buy, for sure!
984. Great product a bit pricy which is,why I didn't notice this was 30 caps not 60. There is also 500mg and 300 MG sizes. Shop smart!
985. They are soft
986. It was pretty purchased for mother in law but was stolen shortly after she received it so don’t know how well it would have worked
987. Read all the reviews and even with the negative comments decided to try it. My wife put it in the tub, tried to get it to stay down using the suction cups. Every time you turn on the jets it pops up and wraps around your legs. Very uncomfortable and impractical. Will be returning it tomorrow. PS we have a smooth finish tub and it will not stay down in it.
988. The lamp works great, I've had no problems in nearly a year.  It is not heavy to move, as I do transport it from room to room, depending on where I'm going to do the needlework that benefits from this wonderful light.  For reading, it's terrific, too, but I really use it for delicate counted cross stitch projects which may incorporate as many as a hundred different colored threads, many of which are nearly impossible to distinguish from one another in any other light.  Between this and a magnifying glass which hangs from my neck, I'm all set and this even has the extra bonus of the little tray which holds eyeglasses, little scissors and a beverage.  I'd buy it again!
989. As described,great price
990. Absolutely love this!
991. Big believer in probiotics. Big help to my immune system. I always take 3 a day.
992. Bought as gag gift for a family member. She loves them
993. Squirrels ate thousands of pecans off of my tree.  We salvaged 3 nuts.  One for me, one for my husband and we split the third one.
994. I take a size 9 to 9.5 women's shoe and that is the size I ordered (see photo). However, the sizing advertised is all wrong. This is more like a size 11.5 if measuring from tip to tip. Also, I just noticed that they claim a smaller woman's size equals a larger men's size. That is incorrect. A size 9 in a women's would fit a size 7.5 in a men's size and not vice versa as the men's sizing is always 1.5 lower than the female sizing. These cannot be cut down so I can't use them.If these fit, they do have some cushioning and arch support, which is good. However, it is made of super cheap foam and there is no way this is worth the $49.95 price ($24.95 if applying the $25 discount) they are asking. I would not expect this to sell for more than $6.NOTE that I tried to attach the sizing listed on the Amazon site and point to the wrong sizing but Amazon would not post that review, so I removed that photo. As of this writing, the men's and women's sizing is reversed.
995. For my grandson. He likes them and so does my daughter. Saves a bit of money.
996. What a great idea!  You can determine the right length for your bodypendant. Nice quality, too.
997. Easy to use and a complete kit. Just get more shine cloth after a few uses.
998. I chose these for their touted "cholesterol lowering" properties.  I am aware that eating cholesterol does not cause cholesterol.  I am aware that eating saturated fat does not cause cholesterol.  I know that inflammation causes cholesterol and any other school of thought is like blaming the bandaid for what the boxcutter did.That said ... because I have a mast cell disorder my body seems to rebel on me and causes high cholesterol.  The first time is was 363 high and I lowered it to 217 by eliminating dairy only.  This was on the recommendation of a nutritionist. We were already on a clean keto ... so no added sugars or grains or other inflammatory foods.  In MY body however, even though I am not allergic to dairy, or intolerant, or 'sensitive" on tests, my body doesn't like it.So ... I again popped a 288 cholesterol 3 weeks ago.  LDL was high and everything else good.  I told my doc I could lower it with dietary changes.  He said sure why not.  So ... about 3 weeks ago I cut out all dairy except butter & heavy cream (which are mostly fat), and added in Citrus Bergamot.  I checked my cholesterol last week and I was 204, which to me is great and I am happy with that.  But I have continued taking this supplement and keeping dairy out (because my pain had gone way down and my energy way up)  I also ended up taking almonds out too because they were making my lip swell and throat sore (again mast cell disorder).  I took my cholesterol today and it was 114.  Is it a fluke?  An outlier?  No idea.  I will get it tested at a lab in a few weeks and I will update my review.But I will say, this supplement seems to makes a difference, coupled with a proper diet low in inflammatory sugars and things that spike insulin and I believe this is a winner.  I would recommend it.
999. This thing is pretty awesome. We have all had times after we have had a few to drink and  we are not sure if we can drive. This will help you determine if you have had too much.  So I can’t post the picks but I tried this sober and it gave me the reading 0.0. And then after a few drinks came up as 0.04%. Comes with 5 blow straws. It gives you a countdown and then you blow into it for 10 seconds
1000. Fits good-comfortable-good support-easy to apply 😊😊😊
