1. I was not a fan of this oil set. I use Doterra Oils but bought a blend set to use at work however all of these smell terrible and I can tell the quality is not great, probably because I am used to using Doterra.
2. I'm not thrilled with this, and I'm honestly thinking about returning it. This is a very comfortable &#34;brace&#34; that is floppy and fabric with little bulk so you could wear it under clothing almost all day. However, you can still slouch with it on, easily, and it slips on my shoulders so I'm constantly having to readjust it. I've done research though, and I don't think there is another kind of brace LIKE THIS that won't do that, so I've kept it and am struggling with it. I know it would be less comfortable, but I really think they need solid metal pieces in these for serious posture correction...So, I say it's great for what it is, It might be great for someone else. But I don't think this is what I need.
3. I'm sad that I can't use these. They throw my gait off just enough that they affect my back, and I ended up in a lot of pain as a result of wearing them. I think they were good for my feet, but the back pain was more than I could tolerate. Going back to my old insoles alleviated it.I will try again just to be sure, but I wanted to post this review as a reminder that if you have serious foot, knee, hip, or back issues, you might do better to have professional advice about insolesorthotics.
4. My cat is now a senior cat and, like everyone I suppose, has an increasing amount of health problems and risk.  My vet said that her kidney values are elevated and although not quite 'chronic kidney disease', she has the potential to develop that over the next few years.  The vet recommended this rehmannia eight as an alternative therapy to try.I have to say that my cat is usually very picky with what she eats and i was wary whether she would like this.  Fortunately for me, my cat thinks this is dessert and as I sprinkle it on her food, she makes it a point to eat the kibble with the r-eight drops on it first.I've noticed that shortly after she started taking rehmannia eight (within a few weeks) her fur coat was a lot softer and she actually seemed to be younger (even more energetic than she usually is and happier seeming).  Or maybe this is all in my head as a huge cat lover...Fast forward a year and my cat still loves this rehmannia eight on a twice daily basis (5 drops a meal).  Her kidney values are still on the high side but she's managed to stave off chronic kidney disease for this long so I'll continue.
5. I bought this product from the Gundry site--three months worth.  I have been 95% faithful to the doctor's admonitions and have received NO benefit for my faithfulness.  The very long video ad is very persuasive but it did not work for me.  Additionally, I'm very physically active and have a healthy diet.  The video presentation's teaser that one might feel a difference in just one week was awesome, but it's not true, folks.  I have lost NO weight, and nothing from around my waist.  I don't know what to make of the &#34;scientific&#34; claims made by this doctor and his prediction of success in weight loss (and better health), but I tend to believe I've been snookered once again.I also got a little suspicious when I was emailed and asked if I didn't want to buy a six months supply.  Additionally, another product (or two) was offered to go with this product.  &#34;Whoa,&#34; I thought, &#34;don't they have confidence that it will work alone and in a reasonable time?&#34;  Nevertheless, I doggedly persisted in the program.
6. The interior is made of bamboo foam - and covered with a cotton sleeve.  Very comfortable roller - firm for a good massage.  My granddaughter swears by it, and is able to handle it easily, for a gentle or very firm massage.  She prefers it to other rollers.
7. This is a very good product and supposed to help with keeping you sharp.  I just started using it and I do feel it makes a difference when I am not using it, even though haven't been on it very long.  I will try to do a future update once I have been using it for a month.
8. Cleans up grease, ink and buffing compounds with ease. Powerful spray. I use to get this for half the price but I needed it so I bit the bullet.
9. I loved every thing about the headband and ear plugs. Items look just like the picture. We use this for bath time. My son has tubes.
10. The biggest thing, is that BHB salts are produced in the body when free fatty acids are broken down in the liver.It helps to produce energy in the absence of glucose. It also increases ketone production. This helps increase fat loss while improving lean muscle. BHB salts have a beneficial high absorption rate and act as a diuretic. Make sure you keep hydrated. And don't count on this to get you back in ketosis when you have not been on your diet properly. That can cause you to not lose weight. You get used to the flavor.
11. One ear keeps popping off easily: they don’t seem to stay on snuggly enough but are soft for the ears and comfortable
12. Ok not what I expected
13. These drawstring bags are awesome and such a great touch for my earrings and other jewelry I make and sell. These are very well made and just look great. So happy with these and the look of them.
14. I would like this more if it didn't tend to settle toward the bottom of the glass. Taste is fine.
15. Have used so many stain removers having cats with upset stomachs and one diabetic who &#34;went&#34; everywhere. This works as efficiently as PetZyme, Nature's Miracle and a few others we have tried. We used this on previously soiled areas and for the most part stains were lifted. Laying down damp towels, waiting overnight and all that hassle doesn't work very well for us, so I grade based on an initial application, sit a few minutes and clean up. It does do well. Don't get me wrong, I do recommend this product, as it does work.I think it is important to note that it caused an irritation when I knelt down to clean up multiple spots; though not recognized immediately. Both of my knees showed a reaction the following day and has been hard to clear. This may only be relative to sensitive skin types, but do be careful if you're rolling up your sleeves and diving into a big job. It could be just me, but thought it worth mentioning.Recommended, and has a pleasant smell. Of course, some spots are going to require a repeat visit and nothing, no matter how great it claims to be, is subject to the condition of the spot being treated.
16. This is the first time I have purchased this brand.  I needed to find a vitamin C that was not made in a factory that processes tree nuts and this one fit the bill.  The taste is fine.  The shipping was quick.  Would buy again.
17. Durable, beautiful and sturdy for small gift packaging
18. Tastes good.  Kind of a subtle nutty flavor yet with a hint of sweetness.  Comes with a tiny scoop that fits one serving (about a teaspoon).  Haven’t used other brands of maca powder but this seems to be of a good quality.
19. Nice but did not come with the colors shown.
20. This little guy is amazing!  I was a little worried at first with how soft they are for an exfoliator however these work wonderfully!  I love that it has a little pocket for you to put your fingers in. I feel like it allows for the perfect amount of pressure while using. It also comes with a little strap which makes it easy to hang. Love it!!
21. The product description makes it look like it will fit any cane.  Not the case - it's a replacement tip for canes that already have this type of &#34;hook style&#34; tip on it.  I was able to &#34;take apart&#34; my wife's cane and make it work.  Her cane had an extra loop of elastic at the handle end (she uses it to hang her can or loop around her wrist), so I removed the cap on the handle, untied the knot and slipped it through the cap. I attached a long piece of sturdy wire to this end of the elastic and let it slide down the cane - this allowed the elastic to freely fall to the end of the cane where I looped the elastic that came with the roller tip onto the cane elastic - then hooked it onto the roller-tip.  pushed the roller tip into place - pulled the wire and elastic back through the handle end.  The challenging part was getting it back into the handle cap hole. I hade to use a screwdriver (or a ruler will work) to hold the second loop of elastic on top of the handle .  I pulled the elastic up through the handle and where the loop for the handle and the loop for the first section connected - I put the screwdriver through it and let it sit on tip of the handle (it will make a t-shape). I ended up using electrical tape to tape the top loop together so it was smaller and stiff to fit through the hole.  Once that was through - I pulled up on it until everything was tight - released the screwdriver - do not let go of that loop you put through the cap  - I then put a knot in place like it was before I disassembled. Replaced the cap and folded and unfolded the cane to ensure everything worked - had my wife try it to make sure the roller tip didn't flop off.  All checked out and the wife is happy! Success!
22. These are true to what they are supposed to do, however it took me about 10 minutes to get the purple out of my sink and my 9 year old son almost 35 minutes to get *most* of the purple out of his mouth even after mouth wash good brushing and flossing. Sadly he asked to stay haome from school tomorrow if his mouth is still purple. Definitely only use half a tablet if you are going to use these and run water in the sink while spitting and rinsing.
23. It is not a powerful pump but it does swirl things around nice.I use it to loosen up my leg muscles before i work out.Put it on bully setting and a little body wash in the water turns into a bubble bath with 4 inches of suds..I had 2 of these woeking one time in the same tub and it felt pretty close to a real hottub circulation.
24. These very large cloud shaped bath bombs are a lot of fun. Shape wise they remind me of the cloud character from Trolls--as noted by a 6 year-year old. These bombs are marketed for kids. You get 3 bombs in the box. That means each bomb is quite pricey. IMO I would prefer more bombs, smaller if necessary.They have a lot of colour and fizz and lasted a long time in the tub. The only downside is the $$ as you won't be using these one a night every night. Cost is too high.
25. Great scent for the holidays. Hard to find. However the spray cans are defective. They don’t spray right. The spray comes out of the neck instead of the top, so all of the spray accumulates in the dispenser. Didn’t find this out until decorating for Christmas and was too late to return for refund. This was the first time this has ever happened so I am chalking it up to a bad batch and won’t let it keep me from buying again. In fact the second order that came later is working fine. The manufacturer needs better quality control.
26. I enjoy the form and bioavailability of this magnesium. I've been taking it for a couple of months now and have been pleased with the results.
27. Very slippery. Shifts in shoe.
28. This sweet little tool serves not only to pick up ferrous objects (up to about three pounds) but also lighting your way as you go. The light has to be turned on by twisting the knurled bands at the tip. There is a sticker on the end that says &#34;magnetic&#34; but I removed that to get more light. The only gripe I have is that the telescoping handle doesn't seem all that sturdy so if you are at the maximum pick up weight do not try to hoist the prodigal part up as if you were hauling tuna onboard. Lifting it straight up would be best.
29. OMG this is the best thing ever. Not only is it full sized but it thrusts and at different speeds but the clit sucker is adjustable so you can have it in the perfect position for the best O. I've tried a lot of toys and none of them are anything like this one. Its very easy to clean and charge
30. These were easy to use.  They came off very easy too, accidentally in fact.  I wiped my Bullfrog sunscreen over it and it washed right off because of the alcohol in the sunscreen.  No complaints though.
31. Love this brand and seem to feel better (digestion and energy) when taking this product.  My liver needed some help and I plan on ordering more when I run out.
32. Box was unsealedopened when it arrived.  Want a refund
33. Simple instructions are provided but it is unclear of the correct positioning of the neck without looking at the photos on the Amazon site because the sketch in the instructions does not match the slope of this "pillow." Note that I have tried three other varieties of pillows and this is as good as the 5 star one listed below. The only reason I am rating this 4 stars is because the price is double what others charge. - 5 stars - 4 stars - 4 starsFor 10 minutes (one can go up to 15 minutes) I just wedged this under my neck with the open wave in the back of my head and let my head fall back. It is super comfortable to use. This actually works for me to help but not eliminate my neck pain.I woke up many months ago with neck pain. After trying everything I could think of, I went to a chiropractor. His adjustments were helping me and he gave me a similar exercise that this helps one perform. He had me roll up a towel, lay on the floor, and then put it under my upper back so that my neck was hanging back.Now I do not have to spend time rolling up a towel. Also, this is firm yet soft enough in the center to be comfortable which is better for alignment. It works great and did not  take any getting used to like the foam device I have. This is a perfect daily exercise for my neck. I just lay on the floor while the back of my neckhead hangs over this. I am able to do this for 10 minutes.In summary, this works for me but the current price of $49.95 is extremely expensive for this. Had it been $29 or less, this would have received 5 stars. I just wish it came with better pictures in the instructions.
34. I feel like I change weight within several minutes (by 0.2-0.6lb) and I doubt that I truly am fluctuating in that small amount of time. Since the &#34;error&#34; is minimal I'm not too concerned, but I feel like its consistency is not always there.
35. If you're looking for a colon cleasing product this is the one to buy. It takes a little getting used to, by that I mean the first few times you try it you will not want to be too far from the bathroom. Remember, I warned you. After awhile that will taper off and you'll notice your nails, your hair, your skin, your increased energy and probably drop a few pounds too. Great stuff.
36. NOTE (Found a great use for this, when you need to wash your pets, or kids i suppose, its great for when you need to kneel at the tub, this was great for my knees.)Still using it today. It is really durable. I don't honestly think however that its so much better then anything out there that I would say its the best. I have noticed however that my legs, where they contact the cushion, go numb from time to time. Maybe its the raised height that is causing the pressure on my legs, but its good enough, I bought 2, one for me and one for the misses, for use at our desks. If this product goes bad, I wont buy another one however, the costs isn't so great that I want to go screaming its name from the mountain tops. It is thick and comfortable however, so a few good n bads.
37. Worked for 1 month now wont charge
38. Leaked all over and stained bed sheets
39. Works great it’s the packaging they put it in a huge box with other items that I didn’t know was in there and it’s so small just threw the box away no idea it was even there! Then had to buy again!
40. just what I needed
41. These pills are easy to swallow and have no weird aftertaste. They work as well as other green tea extract I've used. They are just really expensive comparatively for the same dosage.
42. Rotation sounded like a great idea, but I was cleaning overhead on a front porch and it was hard to control the direction.  If you are using it as intended and cleaning a deck floor you should be fine.
43. I purchased this Yasi Travel toothbrush model YS964 in the hopes it would be an equal to my current sonic toothbrush. Opening the box I found a sonic toothbrush, usb charging cord, two brush heads, instructions, warranty card and an offer for two free brush heads. Charging was simple, just plug in to any usb charging device, plug the other end into the toothbrush and charging is completed in several hours. The three bar charging indicator let me know when it had a full charge. There are five modes of brushing: clean, sensitive, white, gum care and massage. Each has a different type of sonic rhythm and are fun to use. A full charge lasted well over two weeks. Each use of the Yasi toothbrush left my mouth, teeth and gums clean and invigorated. I really like the built-in timer with a momentary pause at 30, 60 and 90 seconds. The toothbrush stops after the recommended 2 minute brushing period.Overall, the Yasi YS964 toothbrush far exceeds my expectations and is much better than my previous sonic toothbrush. The quality is great, the product works better than expected and the price is fantastic. I will purchase Yasi products in the future.
44. The one positive feature of this Lens Cleaning Product is that the wipe does clean..  The smell is unsatisfactory, very strong ammonia.  The package that holds the individual wipe is difficult to open.  I can't recommend.
45. Bought one of these for my grandson....then repurchased a few weeks later for my daughter.  They both love it....batteries last a long time....nice visual effects....color changes and sound machine.
46. The doterra brand is good but buy from them directly.  Don’t buy product from SM International.  Scammers broke the safety seal, injected something else into the tube, and then put the seal back on without sealing.  The product was oozing from everywhere and then won’t take the product back for health reasons?!?
47. The laundry soap made my clothes smell great but overall too expensive
48. They now make the Kandoo wipes smaller. I called Pampers Kandoo and they said that they make them smaller and there are supposed to be 50 in the pack. There are 42 in the pack. They are now only good for infants.
49. Great photos & great write-up about the Blue Zones. Thanks!
50. Not good product for me.
51. Cooling Pillow LOL, its made of heavy plastic that makes your face sweat & sticks to your skin. It get hot with 5 minutes of use. Pillow case is sweaty & is itchy. It's the size of an ice pack for your knee, NOT a pillow, its tiny (see pic my hand is very small). The same "pillow" in black is sold as a testicle cooling pad for vasectomies by this seller.Gel balls are so noisy & move even when you breath, I used for 5 minutes, couldn't take the noise & had to peeled it off my face.IT'S NOT COOLING OR A PILLOW!!!
52. Good paper but not much paper on each roll. Have to load new roll way too often.
53. Basic gait belt for ave sized person.
54. household staple
55. Kaizen’s Anti-Cellulite Massage Oil is packed full of wonderful ingredients to help your skin and beneath.POSITIVE• Excellent list of ingredients with no problematic additives• Many ingredients (lemon, grapefruit oils) included are known to break down fats and oils such as cellulite• Smell of included oils are delightfulNEGATIVE• The price is a bit high for the volume, but it’s not out of the ballpark of other massage oils.
56. Have used it every morning, not sure that I have noticed a difference in myself from taking it.  The taste is bitter but not bad. I may switch to a powder form that is incorporated into a product that contains other similar super foods.
57. Years ago, I always used toner but lately, I’ve kind of gotten away from them as so many dried out my skin. Since I’ve started using Vitamin C serum, when I saw this Vitamin C toner I decided it was time to give toner another shot. It’s been a nice complement to the the Vitamin C serum. The toner feels light on my skin, it has a faint but pleasant citrus aroma, and it does not dry out my skin. I use it after washing my face and before applying the Vitamin C serum. It comes in a spray bottle which is new to me, but that I’ve found I kind of like for ease of application. It seems I’ve found a product to add to my skin care regimen!
58. I have recently received the Polisa PostureI have recently received the Polisa Posture Corrector and am amazed at how easy it is to adjust it and wear it.  The product is well constructed and is so adjustable that I can use it and so can my husband.  We are looking forward to many years of use of this quality product.
59. This cotton is really wick-ed!
60. Active Ingredients: Propionibacterium freudenreichii subsp. Shermanii, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Bifidobacterium lactis, FOS and acacia fiber.Other Ingredients: Proprietary probiotic blend, proprietary prebiotic blend, proprietary postbiotic blend, rice fiber, NGProbiome Advanced Probiotic Technology (capsule, prebiotic blend, postbiotic blend), pectin, cellulose.PROS OF THIS PRODUCT1. This product contains 8 billion CFUs per a 2-capsule serving. CFU stands for colony forming units. It is a scientific term of measurement of viable probiotic cells. As a general rule, 1 billion CFUs is the minimum dose a probiotic supplement should contain because the recommended daily dose for both children and adults is between 1-10 billion CFUs. The manufacturer’s recommended dose of 2 capsules per day (making 60 capsules a one-month supply) for this supplement is well within that recommended range for a daily dose. In fact, you could easily get by with taking only 1 of these capsules per day, which would make this product last for two months.2. This product contains a combination of four different probiotic strains. (See below for information on these probiotics.)3. This product contains the well known and well studied prebiotics, FOS and acacia fiber, which feed the healthy bacteria included in this supplement.4. This product is described as having NGProbiome® delivery technology. It is billed as being a type of enteric coating (see Kapoor and Long below on the importance of enteric coating) which is acid resistant and pH sensitive. This is crucial, because otherwise stomach acid would simply wipe out all the expensive, healthy bacteria in this product.5. This product is vegan.6. According to the website for this company, Etana Beauty is located in Orange, California. Their extremely bare-bones website states that they primarily deal in cosmetics, and yet there are only two products listed for sale on their site, this one and a combo supplement of D3 + K2. There is no information on the company itself other than their address, phone number and email. While they are on Facebook and YouTube, the company is not listed with the Better Business Bureau or Dun & Bradstreet. There is no way to know for sure where and how their products are manufactured just looking at their website. However, I did find one useful clue in the description of this product—the “NGProbiome® delivery technology” for the enteric coating of these capsules—that ultimately led me to the actual manufacturer of this product. The company that created this “technology” is Natura-Genics Labs (NGL). NGL is listed with Dun & Bradstreet, but it is not listed with the Better Business Bureau. NGL specialize in probiotics. It is located in Chino, California and advertises itself as a source for any small, nutraceutical company, such as Etana Beauty, to purchase probiotics from NGL. This involves NGL putting that company’s name on the product label. NGL has scientists on staff and appears to manufacture all its probiotics at their facility in California. They are a member of the Natural Products Association, and they are certified CCOF (California Certified Organic Farmers), GMP, USDA organic, Kosher, and non-GMO. The company websites states it has been in business for two decades. It is listed as a government contractor on the USA Opps website, under the categories of Medicinal and Botanical Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing, and Miscellaneous Food Manufacturing.CONS OF THIS PRODUCT1. Natura-Genics, Inc. was sued in July, 2016, by the Environmental Research Center, as Green Wealth, Inc. dba Natura-Genics, pursuant to alleged violation of California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 AKA Proposition 65, for non-permissible amounts of lead in all of their products. Like many other food and supplement products manufactured in California, they were required to put a warning label on all their products. It wasn’t clear from the court filing exactly how much lead the products supposedly contain or what the source of the lead might be.AN ALTERNATIVE TO EXPENSIVE PROBIOTICS LIKE THIS ONEHundreds of scientific studies (see: Tomova, Glick-Bauer, and Salonen below) have revealed that the most powerful way one can enhance the beneficial bacteria in the colon is not by taking a supplement such as this one. It is to avoid animal products and become a vegan, or at the very least a vegetarian. Animal products, especially red meat, have a well documented toxic effect on the colon, in particular, increasing the risk of colon cancer. (See Aykan and Vulcan below.) In addition, non-organic meat products are laced with antibiotics, which act to kill off the beneficial flora in the colon. (See Martin below.) In contrast, a diet filled with an abundance of high-fiber fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes has an extremely healthy impact on the colon.The purpose of taking probiotics is to, hopefully, promote the healthy functioning of beneficial bacteria within the colon, which are collectively called the “microbiome” or “microbiota” or “microflora.” The microflora in the colon have a primary task of fermentation, which is the enzymatic decomposition and utilization of carbohydrates, particularly dietary fiber. (See Williams below.) During the process of fermenting fiber, these microflora release short-chain fatty acids (SCFA), such as acetate, propionate, and butyrate, and also bacteriocins. (See Silva below.) SCFA serve multiple important functions: (a) They are a major source of energy for colon cells. (b) Along with the above mentioned bacteriocins, they provide an antibacterial function, which stabilizes the normal, healthy microflora population in the colon by preventing the implantation of pathogens in the walls of the colon. (c) They play a key role in the regulation of the neuro-immuno-endocrine system. Research has indicated that the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system are anatomically and functionally interconnected. What affects one system also affects the other two when their homeostasis (a healthy state of stability and proper function) is disturbed by inflammation, stress, or infection. When the microflora in the colon are operating at peak efficiency, producing adequate SCFA, then the healthy functioning of the nervous system, immune system, and endocrine system is enhanced. But in the reverse, if the microflora in the colon are not efficiently producing SCFA, then those three crucial systems in the body are negatively impacted.EXPLANATION OF PROBIOTICS INCLUDED IN THIS SUPPLEMENTPropionibacterium freudenreichii: This bacterium is typically used in the production of cheese, in particular Swiss cheese. It is commonly found in dairy products and has also been extracted from soil. There has been some recent scientific research into its use in probiotics.Lactobacillus acidophilus (L. Acidophilus). This beneficial bacteria creates lactic acid by breaking down carbohydrates, particularly the lactose in milk. Lactobacilli grow well in milk and foods made from milk. This bacteria serves much the same function as the enzyme lactase.Lactobacillus paracasei (L. paracasei): During the past decade, research has indicated that L. paracasei is a bacterium that has probiotic properties, mainly due to the fact that it is a normal constituent of the human gut microbiota. Researchers have found it useful in treating ulcerative colitis, leaky gut, inflammation, and dementia.Bifidobacterium lactis (B. lactis). Bifidobacterium lactis and Bifidobacterium animalis used to be scientifically designated as two distinct species. Presently, however, both are considered to be B. animalis. Currently, probiotic companies have not caught up with this development and are still listing this bacterium as B. lactis on their product labels.RESEARCHAhmed, Z., et al. Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteriocin, from production to their application: An overview. African J. Biotechnol. 2010;9(20).Aykan, N. Red Meat and Colorectal Cancer. Oncol Rev. 2015 Feb 10;9(1):288.do Carmo, F., et al. Propionibacterium freudenreichii surface protein SlpB is involved in adhesion to intestinal HT-29 cells. Front. Microbiol. 2017 Jun 8; 8:1033.Durchschein, F., et al.  (2016). Diet therapy for inflammatory bowel diseases: the established and the new. World J Gastroenterol. 2016 Feb 21;22(7):2179–94.Glick-Bauer, M., et al. The health advantage of a vegan diet: exploring the gut microbiota connection. Nutrients. 2014;(6):4822–38.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.Martin, O., et al. Antibiotic suppression of intestinal microbiota reduces heme-induced lipoperoxidation associated with colon carcinogenesis in rats. Nutr Cancer. 2015;67(1):119-125.Miller, L., et al. Effect of Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis HN019 on cellular immune function in healthy elderly subjects: systematic review and meta-analysis. Nutrients. 2017;9(3):191.Salonen, A., et al. Impact of diet on human intestinal microbiota and health. Annu Rev Food Sci Technol. 2014; (5):239–62.Silva, Y., et al. The Role of Short-Chain Fatty Acids From Gut Microbiota in Gut-Brain Communication. Front. Endocrinol. 2020 Jan 31.Tomova, A., et al. The Effects of Vegetarian and Vegan Diets on Gut Microbiota. Front. Nutr. 2019 Apr 17.Vulcan, A., et al. Intake of different types of red meat, poultry, and fish and incident colorectal cancer in women and men: results from the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study. Food Nutr Res. 2017 Jul 18;61(1):1341810.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
61. Worked 1 time. After that, never worked again. The big lettering "Made in China " right on chargercord should have tipped me off. For the record, this is my first one star review in years, if ever.
62. Variety of sizes is good. Smooth and easy to clean. Rosebud is much more comfortable than single diameter sound.
63. I love the container and how each set is individually wrapped. They work well and are easy to use. I like the fact that there is a pair that is waterproof and moldable.
64. I have been searching for a protein powder that tastes good when mixed with water ... this is awesome!  No, it isn't like drinking fresh juice, and it IS VERY heavy on the coconut flavor, but I love coconut and this Caribbean Cooler is just perfect for me!  I have 6 more flavors to try from Syntrax ... I hope they are all this good!
65. makes it so much easier to clean my water bottles, this is fabulous, great to have two, arrived well packaged.
66. Must have basket for knee scooter. Helps so much
67. Love this! It smells amazing! Very good quality oil and it made my house smell great when I put it in my diffuser! You definitely have to try this one! The bottle was very well packaged and they put a nice foam protector over the dropper included. They also plastic wrapped the whole box this comes in. Great product all around!
68. I have rust on my water pretty bad. I even have a decent filtration system going on and my bath tube still needs to be cleaned once a week. This is the only stuff that I found that you can spray on and then just spray clean. Once in awhile you might have to wipe or scrub a little...depending on the rust stain. I have used every producr I can think of to tey and find a replacement but notbing comes close. This stuff is hard to find in stores. I would not bother wasting your money on anything else because thslis stuff is the best.
69. I don't feel like they do much.. 😒
70. Surgery on my smallest finger. This worked perfect to help keep the bagade secure and clean. It’s a lot of product so I’m using it to cover my embroidery 🧵 spools of thread too!  I will keep it on hand for other uses. Might go cat fishing. Lol!
71. I like it 3.5 to 4 stars. (I like it more than middle of road 3 rating)I keep a selection of instant coffee on hand for at home and on the go. I sometimes add it to smoothies, sometimes I make a quick iced drink (shaken), sometimes I just want a very quick cup of coffee and the taste of instant can be pleasing to me. More often, I add it to a cup of brewed coffee. Get an extra boost (flavor, caffeine)!  And that is primarily how I drink this. I make myself a cup of dark bold coffee, blend a packet of this in, and enjoy. I like the light vanilla taste, and the sweetness level is on point for me. I dont often sweeten my coffee as I prefer it black, but I do enjoy some sweetened coffee with cream on occasion.Prepared as is? The sweetness level is more pronounced, as is the vanilla. Wish "no sugar added" products that use sugar alternatives would use less. So made alone is a tad much for me. I like that it is super quick and easy to make, can be made with hot or cold water, and is well packaged. I like the added supplements. The amount of collagen peptides is low (3 grams), where my typical scoop of collagen powder always offers 10+ grams per serving.You decide. It uses SUCRALOSE as its sweetener. I have found it used in "keto" products, but I also see many keto products omitting it and using something else. I am not on a strict keto diet, nor any keto diet. I am just reducing my sugar intake, and by doing so I tend to buy things that end up using sucralose. SO FAR, I have not had any issue with weight loss. It is October as I write this, and I have dropped 50 lbs since April, and I haven't tried all that hard. Just dropped sugar laden desserts and have been moving more. Maybe my weight loss would be further along, but I still take down half a pizza every week. But massive calorie reduction from dropping desserts, and using sugar free alternatives.. which happens to include sucralose. I'd like to see less of it used across the board, but in mean time it doesn't seem to be a hinderance to my health and goals.I do not rate on price as we all have different budgets, needs, interests. The price is posted, and not a surprise, so I just focus on my experience and perception of taste, quality, and how it lines up to the product description. THOUGH, I do comment.. and this really is ridiculously priced. I have some good instant coffee products with similar nutrition profile where each pack is in the upper $1 range (and people still freak over price). So for me, this is a bit prohibitive for daily use, but that is just me and my budget.The packaging is cool though. Might make for a nice addition to a food or coffee or keto themed gift basket. Nice looking packets tucked into a tray with a slide on cover. Then it is wrapped in plastic. Has a retail look to it.
72. Ingredients: Amylase, Protease I, Protease II, Lipase, Lactase, Cellulase, Maltase, Invertase. Cellulose (capsule), rice flour and magnesium silicate.Pros:1. This supplement is advertised to be vegan. The capsule is probably vegan because the ingredient cellulose is listed.2. This supplement is advertised as being manufactured in a facility that is compliant with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP).3. LionHeart states that they “test the potency of each ingredient that goes into [their] products.” Presumably, consumers are to assume that this phrase means this supplement is third-party tested. However, no mention is made here on this product page or on LionHeart’s website as to who that third party might be.4. The seller offers a money back guarantee.Cons:1. No information is provided by LionHeart as to whether this supplement is produced in an FDA-registered facility.2. On the LionHeart website, no address is provided for the headquarters of this company. No information is provided as to the country of origin of the ingredients of this or any of their supplements, or the country where their supplements are manufactured, or from what country they are distributed. LionHeart Supplements is not listed on Dun & Bradstreet. They are not listed with the Better Business Bureau. The only place I could find them listed is on the Justia website, a legal entity through which they have registered a number of trademarks. However, Justia provides no information to the general public as to a US street address for the corporate headquarters of LionHeart.3. LionHeart has no proven track record. It seems to be a very new company, because on their website they list only six different supplements as their entire product line. So far, they specialize in digestive support.4. No information is provided, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, as to the particular plant sources of this enzyme supplement, which the company advertises as being vegan.5. No mention is made, either on this product page or on the LionHeart website, that there is enteric coating on these capsules. Given the fact that this would be a huge selling point, that omission seems to be prima facie evidence that this supplement has no enteric coating. An enteric coating is a polymer coating which acts to protect medications and supplements, in this case, enzymes, from stomach acid, which destroys them (See: Kapoor and Long below). An enteric coating allows enzymes to survive stomach acid and arrive undamaged in the less acidic environment (above pH 5.0) of the small intestine. At that point, the enteric coating becomes water soluble and swells, thereby safely releasing enzymes to begin to work.There are two main ways to obtain supplemental digestive enzymes:1. Doctor prescription. For patients who have a diagnosed disease, such as cystic fibrosis, Shwachman-Diamond syndrome, deficiencies in pancreatic enzymes, chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer or tumors, removal of all or part of the pancreas, celiac disease, and Crohn's disease, a doctor can prescribe a pancreatic enzyme product (PEP). There are over 50 different PEPs on the market. A few examples include: Creon, Ku-Zyme, Kutrase, Dygase, Lipram, Palcaps and Zenpep. Most contain “pancrelipase,” a mixture of the digestive enzymes amylase, lipase, and protease. These prescription enzymes are always enteric coated. However, unfortunately, they are NOT vegan. They are virtually always made from the pancreases of pigs. In addition, they are regulated and approved by the FDA.2. Over-the-counter. OTC digestive enzyme supplements, such as this product, are widely available. They are not medications and are not regulated by the FDA. Unless the manufacturer explains how they are derived, these enzymes may be, as is the case with PEP, derived from animal pancreases, usually from pigs, cows, or lambs. In the past, before I did this research, I never checked to make sure that the digestive-enzyme supplements I purchased had enteric coating. But I certainly will be looking for that from now on. Without it, digestive enzymes become a useless waste of time and money.EXPLANATION OF INGREDIENTSAmylase. This is a type of digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the human salivary glands and pancreas. It converts starch (a type of carbohydrate) into simple sugars, such as the disaccharide, maltose.Cellulase. Humans do not produce the enzyme cellulase in their bodies and can only partially break down cellulose (dietary fiber) through the process of fermentation in the colon (AKA large intestine AKA large bowel). Fermentation is the decomposition and utilization of cellulose by microflora (intestinal bacteria). In nature, cellulase is produced chiefly by bacteria, fungi, and protozoans. It breaks down cellulose into simple sugars such as monosaccharides, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. All plant foods, including fruits, vegetables, grains, beans, nuts and seeds, contain varying degrees of cellulose, sometimes as much as 50%. The processed food industry frequently utilizes powdered cellulose for its anti-caking effects. This enzyme supplement is the first one I have seen which includes cellulase. Usually consumers purchase probiotics in order to aid the fermentation of cellulose in the colon.Invertase. This is a digestive enzyme categorized as a sucrase enzyme because it breaks down sucrose (table sugar) into fructose and glucose. In human saliva, invertase is produced by the bacteria Streptococcus mutans, which is also the main bacteria responsible for creating plaque on the teeth and causing almost 70% of all cavities. Besides the invertase present in saliva, another type of sucrase enzyme, sucrase-isomaltase, is naturally created in the small intestine. Invertase is produced commercially from various species of fungus, most especially baker's yeast (AKA brewer’s yeast), whose chemical name is Saccharomyces cerevisiae (AKA S. cerevisiae). Invertase is most frequently commercially employed to manufacture inverted sugar syrup (AKA inverted syrup AKA invert sugar AKA artificial honey). Corn syrup is a typical example of an inverted sugar syrup. In nature, honeybees produce invertase as a means to break down sucrose into honey, which is almost totally made up of inverted sugar syrup. This particular supplement is the first time I’ve ever personally seen invertase included in a nutritional supplement.Lactase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine of some, but not all, humans. It converts lactose (milk sugar) into glucose and galactose. People who do not naturally produce this enzyme are described as “lactose intolerant.”Lipase. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the cells of the tongue and in the pancreas. It converts fats (triglycerides) into monoglyceride fatty acids.Maltase; This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the small intestine. It converts maltose into the simple sugar glucose. This enzyme is found in plants, bacteria, and yeast.Protease. This is a digestive enzyme that is naturally produced in the pancreas and small intestine. It converts protein into smaller protein units, such as peptides and amino acids.Rice Four and Magnesium Silicate. These are flow agents, which are inert ingredients. Another typical flow agent is microcrystalline cellulose. Flow agents are used in pharmaceutical drugs and nutritional supplements to ensure a consistently homogenous mix and also to prevent powdered therapeutic ingredients from clinging to encapsulating equipment in a manufacturing facility. Both of these things help to ensure quality control, such that the amount of the advertised active ingredients of the pharmaceutical or nutraceutical is the same from capsule to capsule.REFERENCESIaniro,, G. Digestive Enzyme Supplementation in Gastrointestinal Diseases. Curr Drug Metab. 2016 Feb;17(2): 187–193.Kapoor, D., et al. Drug Delivery Systems, Chapter 14 Coating Technologies in Pharmaceutical Product Development, in Advances in Pharmaceutical Product Development and Research. 2020;14:665-719.Kulshrestha, S., et al. Invertase and its applications – a brief review. J Phar Res. 2013 Sep 1;(7):792-797.Long, M., et al. Drug Release Test Methods for Enteric Coated Products, Chapter 14 Dissolution Testing of Solid Products, in Developing Solid Oral Dosage Forms. 2009;14(4.1):319-340.McCabe, M., et al. Invertase activity in Streptococcus mutans and Streptococcus sanguis. Archives of Oral Biology. 1973 Apr;(18)(4):525-531.Williams, B. Gut Fermentation of Dietary Fibres: Physico-Chemistry of Plant Cell Walls and Implications for Health. Int J Mol Sci. 2017 Oct; 18(10): 2203.
73. This really is wonderful to add for Pad Thai.  I'm sure this could be found in an Asian market, but there isn't a well stocked one close by.
74. Nice pipe, works fine. The bowl is a bit tricky as it tapers to a sharp point in the base. This makes the  screenhard to keep in place, but it isn't a big issue. It is fairly deep as well.I think the only fault is the weight and how it is unbalanced. It is naturally very heavy at the bowl end. Hardly a deal breaker, especially as it is so pretty.
75. Too small for my husband’s head. But nice.
76. All the containers kept opening & meds fell out....took a long time to resort. I quit using it because no matter how tight they appeared closed...medicine still fell out. Great concept..poor product
77. It's very easy to use. And it wouldn't hurt your nose. It's can clean your nose very clearly. My husband likes it very much. You can try it.
78. So far I like it. I’m not sure if I’m seeing a major difference but I do think it’s helping.
79. My hubby said &quot;wow my back feels incredible &quot; &quot;it feels so clean&quot; . I suppose it is safe to assume he really liked these back scrubbies. I like the size and you can easily stretch them to clean and then they go back. They don't take up a lot room. Hang easy on a suction cup hook. Fast to dry. Tight weave but not stiff. Knotted on both ends with loops to hold onto. Great quality. We usually buy the regular bath poufs but these easily fold to use all over the body. My toddler thinks they are hilarious and tries to wash with them. They are gentle enough for his skin even though they clean well. No funky smell when I opened them. 6 pack is very economical and these will store fine under the sink until needed. If you find it hard to lean down trying to wash feet you can use these also with the loops. Just stand on one end and rub bottom of foot on it. My hubby has a bad knee so this works for one leg. I received this item free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I receive no other offer or deal or compensation.  Thanks.
80. Had to order this for a black toilet
81. Rarely do I rate a pain cream, spray, or roll on, high.  Some may help the pain a bit but usually not for long.I will say that this hemp roll on is good.  Yes, it does have a strong menthol scent but it's not overwhelming unless you roll half the bottle on your body.First thing I tried it on is the pain on the top of my feet.  Almost instantly the pain was gone.  I mean gone!Nothing has been able to take my arthritis pain away for as long as this roll on did.Next place I tried it on is my lower back.  I've been hurting so bad for the last 4 days now so I was willing to try anything.  I am sitting here right now with barely an ache in my lower back.  I rolled it on my lower back about 20 minutes ago.  Within 5 minutes I could feel relief.  How long will the relief last?  Not sure.  It depends on how much activity I do today I'm sure.It's not that expensive.  Can't guarantee that it will take away your pain completely but, I'm betting it will at least take that big edge of pain off.I'll be ordering more bottles of this for sure.
82.  These vitamins help provide some essential vitamins.  They have a good flavor, but they are Not soft.  The packaging is nice.  The gummies don’t come in a nice variety of color.  They look bland.  The vitamins are minimal, but cover the basics.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
83. I used the hearts on another wall since I used these letters on this backdrop. Letter are GREAT!
84. Versatile, skin friendly, and very portable.  This is my go-to shaver when I'm out on the road and feel a 5 o'clock shadow creeping in.  Good battery life, easy to clean.  No complaints.  Love this thing.
85. This brush is great at gently cleaning produce.  We use it almost ever week and replace them about once a year (when the bristles wear out).
86. It hardly collects any lint.
87. I started using sleep masks after contracting meningitis because light affected my eyes. I bought these as replacement masks and they are amazing. Our bedroom is situated so that when people make a left turn onto our street the headlights come straight in our window. I never realized how much that disturbs your sleep! I've got my husband wearing one now and we both sleep deeper and longer. It's breathable, comfortable, and you don't realize you're even wearing it.
88. This blend is vitamins, minerals and other supplements, like chondroitin and more. This is aimed to provide you with flexibility, a good vitaminmineral supplement and herbal supplements.
89. Four bucks for a prune is very expensive. You can get a 8 oz. bag of prunes at Wally World for $3.Another economical solution for bowel regularity is to take a daily magnesium supplement. Pennies a day.
90. I have thick wavy hair. Didnt really work. It was ok but not how i wanted my hair
91. Jury still out. Getting used to.
92. Works well. Does not leave a residue on your facenose.
93. Tastes good. Nice compounding.As advertised.
94. I like to take moringa for the overall benefits. It is considered a superfood vegetable, is high in antioxidants, and essential amino acids. I usually do powder but sometimes it's more convenient to take a capsule. This one is good to mix in with my smoothies. It mixes best in a bottle with a lid to shake. Goes well with juice and you could barely taste much difference, maybe just a little greener tasting. I like that this one is organic, wild grown, and free of other ingredientsfillers. Price is very reasonable too (just under $8)
95. This stuff tastes like three-day old roadkill smells.I've tried several ways of disguising it, including strong coffee, cocoa and peanut butter, without much success. There's always a disgusting aftertaste. Can't return it for a refund, and didn't get a response to an email to the seller. Bad experience all round.Research seems to show collagen works, but if you want to try it, I highly recommend a different product.And yes, I'm a customer, not a paid reviewer.
96. This works perfectly for keeping meds locked up when little ones are around. Very well made and sturdy protection.
97. I’ve always loved this toothpaste! Great tasting and effective! Plus no mess and no wasted toothpaste.
98. I needed these for my favorite slippers since the old insole was worn. It was perfect and I looked for a pad that was not too thick since the shoes may not fit. Great quality.
99. Great.  Sturdy, nice quality.  Bristles are perfect.  Not too hard or too soft.  Massaging nubs feel very nice.  They are smooth, yet firm.  The handle is nice and sturdy.  Feels like this brush will last a long time.  No complaints, and would buy again.
100. They seem okay....but they are far too small. What the blurb fails to mention is that these sleeves are for women, not men, i.e. they are for thinner arms. The packaging shows women wearing them but none of these hints are shown here. They are far too tight and uncomfortable for a man to wear.
101. These are high quality glasses, well made, frame has rounded edges which makes it easier on the user.  Professionally enclosed in its own zipped box.However the lenses aren't really tinted yellow.  A slight faint hint of yellowish and that's all, just as pictured.  Therefore the UV protection is minimal, and I can view the blue light for example, on my USB hub clearly.  By comparison, my Uvex glasses (not readers) with distinct yellow tinted lenses block most of blue light so when I'm looking on the power button on my laptop wearing Uvex, I don't see it as blue.I was hoping that having these readers will allow me to eliminate Uvex but no such luck.  For now am stuck with having to wear both at the same time, and this is no fun plus more pressure on the ears, let alone having to constantly readjust.  But will keep the readers and will have to pay a visit to a local optometrist to have the lenses replaced with the yellow tinted ones.
102. I love this stuff, so fortunate to have discovered this! I use it in my gravy as a thickener and it works like magic! The flavor is mild and I love that it's organic!! Perfect for my homemade gravy!!
103. I love elderberry products and these gummies seem to help with fighting off colds and illness. My family takes them at the first sign of a cold and it really helps to keep the symptoms at bay. They also include vitamin C and zinc so you get a nice dose of protection. Easy to chew and tastes good too.
104. Don't need anyone to scrub my back with this product.
105. Good for reading when outdoors. Cute but not high end. The lenses are not very smooth and slightly uncomfortable on the skin
106. Love this product! It works as intended and works really well. But one problem I had was the residue it left on your nose and if you get it on your lenses it takes forever to clean off. You could say "well don't get it on your lenses, duh!" But when you're going about day to day tasks as well as the daily touching and readjusting you do, it will eventually get on your lenses. Be sure you have wet wipes but you'll be cleaning them for a good while trying to rub that stuff off.Still, it is a good product and I'll keep it on hand should I need it.
107. What can i say,it's a Foot Bucket that doe as it;s supposed to.i do like the fact that the handle folds over to hold  towel.
108. I've been taking turmeric curcumin for a couple months now for inflammation from arthritis. I just don't know what to expect so I don't know how well it is working. What I do know is that this product has the right formula with the 95% curcuminoids and the price was better than others. I'm giving it six months to see if I feel an appreciable difference in my joint pain.I don't want to give them a bad rating when I 'm not sure if it's working yet.
109. My daughter plays snare drum in her marching band and she teaches drum in her teacher's studio so there's a lot of loud harmful noise that needs to be greatly reduced so she won't lose any hearing or develop tinnitus later in life.  She likes these earplugs and says they are definitely 5 stars.  They fit in her ears well, cut down on a lot of damaging frequencies and are comfortable to wear.
110. This brush straightener works just as described.  I'm so glad I bought it from Apalus at $29.99. Definitely recommended to my friendsfamily. Best money I've spent so far!
111. Like the product but way to much money for a piece of plastic.
112. Plastic was thin,  to able to give as a gift as I had hoped.
113. This medicine was recommended by our doctor, and it was offered at a good price here.
114. 10 month Addendum:  The new order does not have the strong effect the first order had.  This could be due a difference in strength or because I've built up a tolerance to using it.  My first order arrived cold in a styrofoam box.  This second order arrived warm in a padded envelope.  I tried it immediately with no noticeable thickening of the nasal rinse solution and no burning.  However, my sinus condition improved within 24 hours so I will continue to use it.  I recommend ordering during winter months.If a tiny little scoop is all you need, then this is plenty.  If you put 14 teaspoon in your sinus rinse like one reviewer recommended, you've only got 8 days worth here.  I now use a heaping scoop in a half bottle of salted sinus rinse.For the first two days, I tried it in my sinus rinse and with a concentrated mix applied with a q-tip.  Both times, my sinuses started aching and I got a mild sinus headache for about a half hour.  I also got less nasal drainage than usual.I'm not going to try snorting it because the crystals don't dissolve easily and I'm worried that they could cause damage to my sinuses in concentrated form.  But I am inclined to continue the combination because it obviously is having some effect.I have non-allergic rhinitis.  I was on antibiotics and prednisone for almost two years before I had sinus surgery.  Now I get about one infection a year and live with a constantly runny nose.You can read about the research behind Lactobacillus sakei and sinus infections at The National Institute of Health (NIH).Addendum: Sinus pain today so I decided to add the powder to my rinse.  First I did a salt water rinse with a drop of baby shampoo to wash away the biofilm (to give probiotic better access to sinuses).  Then I added 18 tsp to a half bottle of warm water.  It hurt so bad it took me three tries over a half hour to use it up. The following day I tried it without the pre-rinse and I only used a couple of tiny scoops of powder and it still seemed to trigger pain.  It also seems to be thickening the mucus but not really decreasing it.Three Month Addendum: Been using this episodically for three months now and it still hurts if I put more than 2 scoops in 12 a bottle of sterile water for a rinse.  Nonetheless, the pain is tolerable and it definitely helps my sinuses.  My sinuses were symptom free until I spent two days doing yard work and then the familiar stuffiness and bad odor returned.  A full salt rinse followed by a half bottle with the probiotic has decreased all symptoms.
115. Very cute.
116. The appearance of this shaver is almost elegant.  My husband does not have a bald head so testing was only done on daily beard growth. All 7 blades revolving at once would lead one to hope shaving is quick. But the blades did not give him a close shave and took at least 8 minutes or more to finish.  He had to move the shaver slowly back and forward too many times.  He has another shaver but he was hoping that this 9-in-1 would be his favorite. The nose trimmer attachment and the beard trimmers work okay.  The battery life of this shaver having 90 minutes of shaver time is better than any other shaver he has used, but his Norelco shaver gives a super close shave in about 5 minutes.  I am giving this item 3 stars but not recommending it, although it may do a better job on shaving a bald head.
117. I saw in a few reviews that people felt these were shipped too close to the expiration date. Received on 4212018, expiration date is 072019. My dog requires multiple pills per day, so this is a great solution for her.
118. Perfect for my husband with 17" calves! The size is probably true to chart. My experience was to order larger so they wouldn't be too short, like other brands have been. Just too wide for my calves 14"  but definitely tall enough! I just ordered a sm to try and another pack of lxl for my husband.  Not too thick. Have been washed a few times and air dried... no wear at all.
119. I held it in the palm of my hand and in less than a minute my entire hand felt tingely. This isdefinayely real moldavite not glass. I have never had that expirance with a stone before. It is small like about one fourth the size of a dime.one of my most powerfully stones even though it is the smallest.
120. Citrus Blast is a straightforward aromatherapy oil that is easy to use as a roll on.  It smells like a mix of orange and lemon. It goes on smoothly and without any oiliness or stickiness.  It doesn't cause any irritation or redness or sensitivity to my skin or from the scent.I like the refreshing scent - it helps me focus and I expect that I will use it when traveling to help fight nausea or motion sickness.
121. YES!!!! Such a great product. Works great for our Dilli Dalli frames. So glad we found these. Great quality, and have held up great.
122. Update:This lasted only weeks. A total nightmare when one morning it wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t get battery out, so out came the hammer.I’m not sure if it was faulty, but not being able to remove battery is a NO.To be fair to seller, I didn’t ask for exchange. Nor did I ask for return after using the hammer.They did ship fast. My issue was product, and not the seller. Just purchased one with a removable battery door.I give the product a 5 star for functionality. It replaced one that I had for years. I also give high marks for the very fast shipping.I do agree with another reviewer. I'm blind, not deaf. Scared the bejesus out of me the first time I poured my coffee.I would recommend the product. It does what it is supposed to do. For the manufacturer, I'd lower the decibel just a touch. Sounds can often be amplified for blind individuals.
123. we use these can liners in our officeless expensive alternative to name branddurable and much more cost effective
124. FloraLife speaks for itself. Very good product. Delivery was fast and professional. The seller was terrific and followed up with me. Perfect!
125. Been using this cleaning product for several years. Been to my satisfaction.
126. I didn’t detect any changeimprovement in my skin at all after using this stuff and I’m glad because it’s expensive AF
127. So far,so good.  Regenerix Gold is easy to take & no after effects. No stomach upsets, no rashes, no burping. The capsules are easy for me to swallow. I am hoping for outstanding results! It would be so nice not to be in pain & not have to take pain pills & even over the counter meds.  I just started taking today & will gladly pay the price if these work!!! I did receive these at a reduced cost for an honest opinion. I am so glad I did! I will check back in a week or two with-hopefully-good results. Thank You!
128. Putting a black mark with a sharpie to cover up the $7.99 price... Not GoodHaving the feeling like you have been ripped off even for a little is... Not Good.
129. Not really all that thrilled with this.
130. This smells nothing like pear, not even sort of vaguely fruity. What is smells like is an overly powdery old lady perfume. It sort of covered bathroom smells but not as well as other brands I have tried.That said this same company makes another scent called "seasalt" that oddly enough smells nothing like saltwater but is a softer fruitier smell that works extremely well. So while I cannot recommend "pear" I do think the brand does make some versions that in fact do a spectacular job.
131. It's worthless
132. I've been using these earplugs for about 4 nights now. The first night I used them, they fell out of my ears. So I woke up, in the middle of the night, to reinstall them. Maybe this happened because I didn't install them correctly, I don't know. The following night I tried them again, and I'd manged to keep them in all night. These are the first earplugs I've tried, and  they seem to work very well. So far, I've slept great!!! I wish I could stay in my bed longer, lol! They block snoring pretty well and the television  ( at a low to medium volume), and faint noises (people talking far away, passing cars, etc).I am a light sleeper any noise wakes me. Again I've used them only for a few nights. I'll update my review should my experience change. Now the design of the earplugs, they just look like regular earplugs. They are much thicker and shorter in length compared to other brands (I've shopped around before I made a final choice).  You do have to get use to having something in your ear, and a small amount of pressure; but as the night goes on, the pressure lets up or I get use to it. I lay on my stomach, and I don't feel them in my ear when I'm laying on either ear. The length of the earplugs are decent,  there's about a cm that hangs out of my ear. Someone with an longer ear canal may not have any part of the earplugs exposed. I will continue using the brand.
133. I miss living on the beach so this brought the scent to the Midwest for me. It’s bright, salty and fresh. It’s also a little too strong with windows closed, so dialing the warmer down is a must.
134. I find this cleaning product uncommonly exciting.  For a little background, I used to use unscented dusting cloths produced by a major company and designed to trap allergens as you dusted. That product was discontinued, and I've been rationing out my remaining supply and using each one until it is positively charcoal with dust. Search after search left me dismayed at being unable to find a disposable alternative. (I am all about reusable products, but with my allergies, I need something disposable for dusting.)A month ago I tried the smaller size xcel cloth and was delighted that it did all my prior cloths did and MORE.  I was especially impressed that it could grab damp grime and absorb fairly large quantities of powdered material such as a nutritional supplement I had spilled or laundry powder when cleaning off my laundry shelf.  It also does a job like no other on the sticky grid of my HVAC return.  I was especially surprised by the performance because of how very thin and porous these are--dotted with holes.  After an initial wipe of surfaces using one side, I just keep folding and folding it until every corner looks sootybrownwhatever the color of the dust or substance I'm picking up is.  Due to how thin and porous they are, I thought it would be a good idea to pick some up in the larger size as well for times when I want to do a lot of dusting all at once.  I like having both options depending on the cleaning job, as they pick up so much more than you expect that you'll definitely be using each cloth to the max and then throwing it out.  I saw someone else say that these are like paper towels but better, and I have to disagree.  They are in a whole 'nother class, and if you just swipe a mess on a counter with one side and throw it away you are missing their strengths.  If you are wasting these for a quick wipe and not walking around your houseapartment looking for things to clean with every little corner, you are wasting them.  One cloth can do so much!Additionally, they are wonderful wet--both gentle and highly effective. As a case in point, I used to use a facial serum that contained seabuckthorn berry. Anyone who has used that knows that it is colorful and stains badly. Some of the drips from the bottle had run down the outside of the medicine cabinet and the wall. And I could never get them off without concerns about ruining the paint. However using one of these cloths damp was highly effective and gentle.I am over the moon! I received this product at a small discount in exchange for providing my unbiased review.
135. wonderful! It works..... only two days using the cream and my skin face is better,,,,
136. I bought this to help my back and posture during pregnancy. I work 10-11 hour days at a desk and my back was killing me! I originally was only going to buy the cushion that goes on the back of your chair- but Amazon recommended both pieces. Seeing that I would do just about anything to get some comfort during pregnancy- I splurged and bought both.I am SOOOO glad I did. This corrects your posture and really comforts your behind while sitting. Seeing that I am at my desk for hours everyday- I really need all the support I can get- especially during pregnancy. This works on ANY seat- I've even tried it n my car. You need nothing to install and you'll wonder why you didn't buy one of these earlier. I'm already thinking about my grandparents and parents who would LOVE to have something like this for bad backs.The material is memory foam so it really meshes to fit your needs. I have a pretty small behind but it would fit any size. Since starting to use this I have had a lot less issues with my back and overall more comfortable during the day- I even notice myself sitting up abetter while in other chairs.
137. I drink coffee everyday and have notice more staining on my teeth so I decided to try the charcoal powder. It is definitely a messy process but wipes away really easily. I totally forgot to take a shot of my teeth for a before.  I have used it 3 days in a row and believe my teeth at a shade or two  lighter.
138. 6 year old didn't like them at first I think she was confused about the tightness and fit. Tried again a week or so later and she really likes them now! Cute and keeps her knees safe from falls!
139. I play racquetball 3xwk for about 2 hrs. Racquetball is aerobic as all get out. Getting gassed in an aggressive volley is par for the game and screws up the set-up for the next serve. I've investigated all sorts of aerobic endurance enhancers. Being in aerobic shape is of course the best conditioning but nonetheless, the sudden bursts of speed and contortions required takes a situational toll.A year or so ago I read about this supplement and gave it a try. You can investigate the abundant biochemistry references to sort it out for yourself. It works for. It is not a supplement that I'd take everyday, but taking the supplement 30-45 minutes before play has a definite effect on O2 metabolism. You can feel it kick-in at peak output. The cool-down and muscle fatigue is noticeably improved. A dose seems to last about 4 hrs.At first, I did take it a daily supplement but did not notice any effect. It appears to become operational as you approach and maintain an aerobic output and stays active through the cool down.
140. NOPE. Not 1000mAh.Put this in a project that had a 600mAh pack that ran ALL NIGHT. With this pack in the project, I'm lucky to get 6 hours out of it.
141. Fantastic quality and great price!!!
142. Works perfectly for thick ingrown toenails. Love the little tools in the handles, very useful.
143. Other reviewers on Amazon dissuaded me from buying similar but cheaper models. I am sorry they charge more for the graphite color I preferred over the cheaper white but the differential was not enough to be a deal breaker. Oh, yes, I do like the natural spectrum light these lamps provide.
144. Since I turned 60 about six years ago, it seems every time my arms come into even small contact with objects, the next day there's a red blob under the skin which is not too bad if you only have one or two spots, but it looks progressively bad if there's a lot of these marks, say after some shrub or rose pruning.  Medical web sites say not to worry, they are fairly common for older people, and, these 'impact blotches' are not an indicator of any serious condition. Fortunately, on a recent trip a relative about my age saw my arms, and said she has the same impact blotches, and suggested this product from Gold Bond would make the red blotches go away, and it indeed does, if you use the lotion, say three times a day for only two or three days. I'm amazed, but it really works !!.
145. usually i love this brand, but the box came all dinged and seemed to be opened. so back it went. i love my eyes too much to subject it to some heeby jeeby tampered with solution. i will be going to the local drugstore to buy it instead.
146. Helps the arthritis in my neck and shoulders
147. Works really good and worth buying
148. It works, but it's not really powerful enough.
149. This is really weak. There's no power to it at all. Don't waste your money
150. The foam roller was ordered as a gift for my husband who drives a lot for work and does a lot of work around the house. He used it as soon as it arrived. He loved the instructions that came with it.
151. I also used it as a tincture with charcoal powder for a wound.  It worked very well.
152. When the Bareminerals Store Clerk first showed it to me, I thought it would be way too peachy but she insisted and she was right.  It looks great and has an almost imperceptible sparkle to it which I love.  I can't believe they discontinued this color!  When I went back to the store to buy a replacement, the clerk sold me something that she said was very close but it wasn't.  I am so happy to have found my color on Amazon.  Thanks guys!
153. Easy to swallow capsules. Haven't had an IBS attack since using them.
154. Got this for bathroom to daily sweep up scattered kitty litter which it works great for. Love the way the broom is held to the dust pan and the method to use to clear the broom of debris after use. The only issue is that it will not stand on its own and must be propped against the wall. That works for me - for the price. But, you will want to go more sturdier if you need more sturdiness for heavier use and debris and need to stand on its own.
155. Just what I needed
156. It doesn't work as fast as CRAMP 911, but that product costs so much more per ounce this is by far the best value, you just have to endure the pain a little longer for this to work reminding yourself it got you a better price.
157. Best tasting Protein I’ve ever had. Vanilla ice cream takes the cake literally.  buy this now,  you will not regret it. There is no chalky taste no grittiness.  it is smooth and I bet if I would were to put it in the freezer I could eat it as ice cream
158. Product as described & very fast shipping.
159. Perfect for yarn storage;  project kits or any old thing you might want to store.  Well made, good seams, strong ties.
160. Have used these for several years. Just purchased more to put in luggage, etc. God tired of forgetting to put them in my ditty bag. They work as advertised.
161. the box came with 100% COMPOSTABLE printing on it - so how will these hold up for long term storage of clothing???  will I go into our inventory some day to find them decomposing?  I haven't even opened the box yet, wondering if I need to send them back, then are for our business, to store blank garments in (that we imprint for customers), I was planning to use these bags for years with rotating inventory, they are the only thing I could find in the right size, but we can't have them start rotting away on us
162. My hubby said new shaver heads fit perfectly and shave nicely. I returned to buy a spare set, however, the price had doubled...No thanks!
163. Awesome stuff. The pills are made natural and the results come fast.
164. I also pack a couple of these aluminum bottles in my bag during a long dirtbike practice session.  Not only have I noticed I am nowhere near as sore the next day, but as the previous reviewer stated, it keeps your body going much better than Gatorade.  Unlike Muscle Milk, it does not leave your mouth with that "chalky" aftertaste for a while.  I really hope the company is successful with this brand because it is one of the best protein drinks I have ever had.  Way to go Attitude Drinks!
165. I did a lot of research before I bought this foot massager.  And I honestly don't believe I had unrealistic expectations about what to expect, but it was very disappointing. I read the material that came with it (which was very poorly written) and followed its suggestions. But I quickly came to realize I shouldn't expect a machine to do what human hands can do so much better.  Even though the massager has an abundance of custom settings, I could never find one that was gentle enough.  The foot pockets felt pretty narrow (I wear women's size 9 medium width) and there were times the massager painfully pinched the widest part of my foot if I didn't make a conscious effort to keep my feet moving out of the way.  Instead of a relaxing 15-30 minute foot massage, I ended the session more tense than when I started because I was trying to anticipate where the machine was going to squeeze next.  Wearing light socks definitely helped.  The machine is not light enough to pack around with you everywhere you go, but it's got good places to hang on to when you do need to pick it up and move it.  It arrived promptly, was packaged very well, and the machine itself feels sturdy. The remote is a flimsy little thing that isn't super effective.  You have to hold it fairly close to the machine to get it to work; I could just as easily bend over and change the settings myself. But at least the remote came with a battery so I didn't have to supply that.  I tried it for a total of five 15-30 minute sessions before deciding to put a For Sale ad in our local paper to try and recoup some of my expenditure.  Somebody else might fall in love with it.
166. I bought several of these Sample boxes from Amazon when they were offered and this Suds box was actually my favorite. The samples of the different laundry products &  dishwasher soaps was diverse and I actually found a couple of new things that I will start using regularly in the future. The rebate offered with the purchase of this box was very generous & I now have a much more effective dishwasher pod than before.
167. cheap but effective
168. Does the job well. Can feel a difference when I work out and don't take it.
169. 110 volts from the electrical network is supplied to the product's plastic bowl filled with water. Personally, I am afraid to immerse my legs in such a product.
170. These ear plugs kept my ear canals dry while swimming which is important since I've had issues with infections in the past. Unfortunately at this price point they're hard to recommend even though they come with the lanyard and a plastic case. Worth getting when discounted probably.Also they're fairly easy to lose so make sure you have a pocket with a zipper to store them in or a good dry bag.
171. Not too overpowered
172. The 1 lb package was delivered in odd packaging, just a plain brown bag, not what is shown in the picture.  NONE of the sticks ever released the bubbles that indicate the filtering process.  I know this from previous experience with the same product from another vendor.  The first set of charcoal had bubbles for weeks, and once the bubbles stopped, I would boil the sticks, and then the bubbles were back, that was the routine for more than six months.  Eventually, the sticks stopped producing bubbles, but that was ok; 6 months seemed fair, reasonable.  This set is another story; let's see, odd packaging, no bubbles, re-boil and still no bubbles, different sticks from same brown bag and still no bubbles.  Hmmmmmmm
173. Was dubious when I bought these but quickly saw that I have been wasting good money buying the brand name replacements; these fit perfectly and are of the same quality as the ones that cost much, much more. Will definitely order again and buy myself something nice with the money I saved!
174. This is a real pretty scale and it works very nicely.  I keep it in my bathroom all the time.
175. These are great on our mop. We love it for daily cleaning up of lifes messes.
176. Soap just falls right out it feel nice but ur soap doesn’t stay in it at all I filled it up put it down the grave it again all of soap was where it was sitting
177. I prefer this over the regular Vaseline.  It seems lighter, but isn't runny.I use it to remove eye make-up and put it on chapped lips.It doesn't have a scent.  The container is easy to open.  I like the shape of the container.Yes, so I'd buy this over Vaseline.  It seems to be pretty much the same, but seems less sticky and thick.
178. Fantastic sprayer! Fine mist and perfect amount. Great for travel. A+++++++!
179. I spend a lot of time working at my desk, so I’m always looking for ways to add comfort to my day. I have a shiatsu chair massager, but it’s not something I can leave in my chair for the whole day, I have to set it up when I want to use it and move it when I’m done.I can leave this back massager pillow from FAPO on my office chair all the time, which is one big plus for me. The massager has a velcro strap on the back, so that it can be put around a headrest. But the strap is a little short for some office chairs. I have a gaming chair and the strap is too short to fasten if I want to put the pillow at the base or middle of the chair. So if you have a chair with a wide back, the strap might not reach.The back massage pillow has a heat option. I personally wish the pillow got hotter. I can barely feel the heat through a shirt. Higher heat, or even heat levels, would help relax my muscles more.Otherwise, I like this massager pillow a lot. I like that I can leave it on my chair and plug it in whenever I need to work tension out of my neck, shoulders, and back. There are three levels of kneading power, and the flap on top can be removed or left in place. If left on, it dulls the massage power just a bit.
180. Here are some key points in my overall experience with this product:- I love that this product is organic and non-gmo- Taste and product is what you would expect from a Maca Root Product- 1 ingredient (no fillers or additives)- Great benefits (great for hormones, energy, and contains vitaminsminerals)- 40 servings per bag- Great plant source of Iron and calcium!- Great in smoothies or protein shakes- overall good product and experience!
181. I recently purchased a model that looks identical to this one - I can't review that model because the page for it no longer exists ( just days after mine arrived ).  The product I received gave wildly inaccurate and highly different readings each time used.  Yes, we know how to use it, my better half is a trained EMT.  The readings were far off those from my doctor as well as being vastly different from each other.And guess what else? No way to send it back!  You get forced into a troubleshooting page or a page that tells you it cannot be returned!  Fortunately, the CS at big A are fantastic and fixed my issue, but seriously folks, you should not trust something as important as your health to any product from this company.
182. Must be mixed with something to mask the taste. Organic maple syrup and oat milk and cinnamon mixed with Neem Powder is how I drink it.
183. Not bad! Been taking magnesium daily for over a year and did not notice any difference between this brand and the OTC one I was using prior from TargetWay better for my wallet so definitely repurchasing
184. Works fairly good but rides high. If you have a long torso look elsewhere
185. My favorite flavor in the nectars so far. I have to be careful or I'll drink this stuff all day. It's delicious.
186. Perfect! These work great!!
187. Main ingredient in my diy juice for over two years
188. I bought two of these for gifts. I was worried about the pressure being to hard based on other reviews but its great and can be adjusted. Everybody loves them. Yes buy it!
189. very unsafe scale... very unsturdy felt as if i was going to fall off of it.
190. I love this stuff!  I have avian mites in my home from my sister's bird visits.  I always itch after he leaves, especially around the ankles.  I for this into a 2 oz. spray bottle and spray it wherever I have bites.  They instantly stops the itch.  I also dip a q-tip into the bottle and apply to any bumps I get on my face.  The next morning, the bump is gone!  About to order 2 more bottles to keep on hand.
191. I did not like this. I had ACL surgery a few years ago. My knee gives me trouble still but this was like a rubber band around a joint — painful! I couldn’t walk well with it on and it just kind of felt uncomfortable. No likey! I would rather a compression sleeve.
192. use it for my flavored vape juice since i go for clouds and flavor no nicotine, works good tastes good.
193. This earmuffseye mask combination is pretty neat. It is one piece that combines an eye mask with earmuffs to give you better sleep. The straps are adjustable to make them tighter or looser obviously and fit better for your needs. I found I don't like it super tight since that makes it a bit uncomfortable on the eyes especially if you end up opening your eyes at one point while wearing the mask.The mask is soft so if you do open your eyes at some point your eye lashes will touch the mask, that is a tad annoying but not a deal breaker since you should be sleeping anyways. The earmuffs are pretty noise insulating but do not block out all noise. But I found they do a pretty good job. For those who like to sleep on the side these are soft and comfortable enough to do so, although for an entire night on the same side I don't think it is optimal. I move around from the sides to back a bit so this worked well for me.They are pretty well made in my eyes so they should last a good amount of time. I think the thing that will probably go first are the straps that hold everything together. These should be great especially on a flight if you are trying to get a little snooze. All in all not a bad purchase.
194. Great info needed for quick reference
195. Excellent product. Same quality since year 2000 to my knowledge: I have been buying this for many years at Wholefoods before bought it on Amazon. Recommended.
196. I really researched this product and am sure it is the best cleaner you can use before you chalk paint
197. This roll on does give immediate help with hot flashes, but it doesn't last very long. I find myself needing to use it several times a day. It applies easily and has a light, pleasant scent.
198. Great product and shipped fast, is what it says for a decent value
199. My husband had to try this product for me.  I was chosen by the seller to receive this product for free to try and than leave my review on this product  LFI Boost For Him - Get Bigger, Thicker, Stronger, Harder, and Fuller; Last Longer, Finish Stronger, Your Complete Male Enhancement*  Well after I order this product it came quickly.  It was packaged very nicely.  We read the directions on the bottle and he took the pills as recommended.  This product claims to Gain an edge - Boost For Him delivers a substantial sexual boost. It also claims that Muira Puama is one of the most active botanicals with a long history, known in some circles as &#34;the miracle of the Amazon&#34;; Tongkat Ali's primary use has been to promote healthy libido and support normal hormone levels in males. Maca works to support healthy testosterone levels thereby increasing energy, stamina and vitality. L-Arginine produces nitric oxide which improves circulation for solid erections.*  Well after reading this my husband thought it would be a great enhancer.  He also like the other benifits that said it would make you have a  faster metabolism, and increased testosterone. Feel younger, get better workouts in the gym, stay more focused and energized.  Well who would not want a faster metabolism when you get older it does slow down.  It also is  100% natural.  Well my husband took these pills for awhile and I can say our sex life was great.
200. Not a single strawberry to be had. My youngest loves the strawberry straws & they have become increasingly hard to find in my area so when I saw the chance to get not just that flavor but other we hadn’t tried yet I thought why not give it a try.  I was under the impression after reading the product description & reviews that I would get a variety of flavors. I got 4, only one of which I can’t get in my local stores. Of those 4 flavors, an overwhelming majority is (what I’m assuming to be) vanilla milkshake. I’m incredibly disappointed.
201.  I got this for my son wo has back problems from old sports injuries. It is very easy to use. The remote is hooked to it. He said it was very easy to use. It is nice quality. He said his back does feel better when he uses it.
202. Great after a shower.
203. I wasn't sure if the light meter on my Canonet was still functional, but I popped one of these cells right in and it worked like a charm!! Glad Glitzy still carries these batteries as they are becoming increasingly more difficult to source. Definitely recommend.
204. Hardly rotates.
205. Use it a lot
206. I dont think it works
207. This is one of those odd products that were clearly made by some tone-deaf, perhaps mom and pop company in China. I normally don't associate "mom and pop" with Chinese-made products, but the range of quirky sounds that come out of this sound machine have a "homemade" quality that are bizarre, to say the least.This machine boasts supposedly 48 sounds, more than most sound machines. Unfortunately it includes a number of sounds that I have a hard time believing would help me sleep. There is something called ASMR which is the science of producing soothing, repetitive sounds that cause a tingly or comforting sensation in the listener. However, someone seems to have misread the concept, for the "ASMR" section of this machine includes the sound of someone moving furniture around, swallowing and then gurgling water loudly, and munching a bag of potato chips.In addition, there are weird combinations of sounds - instead of a crackling fire, it has a crackling fire while music plays in the background (as if you were inside a restaurant) and the murmuring of people chatting and moving around in a coffee shop. If I wanted sounds like this, I would just keep the TV on all night.To top it off, the "music" function includes lullabies sung in English by a Chinese woman with a thick accent. She sings "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" but her English is so bad it sounds like "Tinkle Tinkle Litto Star." It's followed by her off-key rendition of "You Are My Sunshine" with a breathless voice that reminds me of a bad karaoke session.Then there are the lights, which I could not for the life of me figure out how to control. It has a light on the bottom and a light on the top. It seems almost entirely random which light goes on and off and I had a hard time dimming or turning off either light.The controls require some pressure or strong tapping in order to work, so this would be frustrating for someone used to sensitive controls or an elderly person with limited finger strength.I like the fact that the display shows the temperature and humidity, but there is no clock setting.While it does have the usual quotient of sounds (ocean waves, birds chirping in a forest, etc.), even these sounds lack sharpness and comes across as rough (just like everything else about this machine). Because of the bizarre sounds, however, I wouldn't feel comfortable gifting this to anyone unless I made it clear it was a gag gift.
208. Simple to use, no frills but gets the job done. You just need to add 2 AAA batteries. Can't beat the price and the light is bright, magnifier decent, it really helps me to identify if an office is needed.
209. They make my arches feel better. Feet hurt less
210. I'm a massive stroke victim with left  side paralysis so my care givers used these to wash  me.  I like that they can be warmed up in the microwave before using, they have a nice smell & r gentle for my skin.  A good thing to have on hand when a shower or bath is not aailable!
211. This tastes great!  I love this right out of the jar.  If you use it sensibly, it won't spike your blood sugar.
212. This is better than I thought very happy with this Xmas item
213. I've known about the soothing benefits of aloe for some time, but always found aloe gels to be a little goopy.  This combination was a pleasant surprise.  When you add menthol and lidocaine to the mix, it takes the soothing relief to a whole new level.  The menthol is so cooling and soothing.  I use this when my skin gets itchy and it is very calming.
214. Very useful for foot pain, I've used Dr. Scholl's throughout m life with the occasional foot pain issues.  These orthotics saves one money and can bring relief for common problems.Visit the Dr. Scholl's kiosk to get the recommendation based on how you weight bare.  I've had problems with plantar fasciitis over the years when I haven't stretched and stayed limber.  I'm long legged, good arches, and skinny; however, weight can be a major cause of foot pain.  Even a little weight loss can significantly reduce the force on the feet.  I've also had inflammation at my metatarsal heads from wearing poor shoes- worn out sandals and working in the yard.I like these in my work shoes because they give my foot added arch support and cushion- heel and metatarsals.
215. Cute, but going to be switching to ceramic ones and a little mold started growing on one after about 3 weeks of having.  Can't return, but not buying again.
216. My mother loves these drinks a little too much. It’s becoming a problem. 👀 She has CKD so they’re **very beneficial for her. This order consisted of (24) 8 oz cartons.
217. I have used Dreft Baby Stain remover for years. It is an awesome product and releases stains on baby clothes and adults. I can undeniably recommend this product
218. Sadly,  quite overpriced  and did not work for me  like other brands.As to the cleanlinesspurity factor of this product- that was a big  plus and the main reason I bought this brand to try.But it kind of makes the purity point moot if it does not work for me as well as the many now dubbed *tainted brands* out there.I thought it was great to find Chlorella made atfrom a so called *clean source*.  I will  still search high and low, for quality Chlorella that does not come from contaminated areas( no easy task).For the money spent to get such purity, with this brand the results were just not there and proved to be money tossed out the window.I wanted to like this product-even despite it being pricey.  I am sorry I didn't.  I also can't say their claims of being the ONLY pure source of Chlorella is true or not.I would need to research further. All I know right now, is what countriesplaces to AVOID getting Chlorella from, and unfortunately they are the same exact places that are providing companies with Chlorella.
219. One was broken but the other one was great
220. I LOVE THIS PRODUCT IT MADE MY SKIN SO SMOOTH!!
221. These crack very easily in the freezer. Most of mine have ended up in the recycling bin.
222. Good for a supplement to your diet
223. However, the labels are sub-par there are better ones available. Also, the purple foam backing would not stick. I eventually had to take a hot glue gun to this thing. I think the manufacturer should place it in permanently instead of giving us ineffective sticky tape pieces and asking us to do it ourselves.
224. I love that I could get them in the quantity I did
225. Well made as all Verilux items are, but also blends in well with other furniture!
226. Works flawlessly
227. Great product at a great price. Buy it and you’ll be glad you did! Makes a great gift too!
228. These were too big for my needs. I returned them.
229. I prefer another brand but they stopped making this one is good nothing bad about it.  Nice replacement.
230. This works great on my toothbrush, tight enough to not fall off too easily when traveling and also keeps it clean at ho from dust and other things in the air.
231. These little wipes are amazing!  Y whole family uses them for everything from glasses to camera lenses. The are completely streak free.
232. So easy to use. Whether sitting or standing. I would buy it again.
233. Just finished first bottle.  Heart palpitationsfluttertachycardia has lessened some.  Constipation is better.  There could be other factors, but i noticed these changes pretty quickly.  I'm taking one star off because of the plastic bottle, and because there is no dropper included.  The plastic has to go.  I don't know what to make of the claims around &#34;picometer&#34; form and better absorption than any other form.  OTOH, what product is better than this?
234. Very uncomfortable and smells so bad I can't tolerate it.  Had to finally get a knee brace with adjustable straps.
235. Used massage rings for stocking stuffers and everyone loved them!  Great price and great gifts.
236. I have been using this product for years for my contacts. Is seems I get a lot of build up on my lens and even my eye doctor says this is the best product I can use. As long as it is used correctly there isn’t any eye irritation but don’t accidentally rinse your contacts and then put it in your eye because it will burn and irritate them for a very long time!I have less stars for travel since there doesn’t seem to be a travel size and I need to carry the full size bottle.
237. I needed some 2.5 diopter glasses to use while reading and writingtaking notes and combining that with using my computer and laptop, and I want them to have a wider lens than my strictly for-reading glasses, and these four pairs of Aiklly glasses are entirely suitable.They are very comfortable to wear, and reside permanently along side my devices on my desk.  I love the shape and frame designs, which I chose to be different that the other glasses I have.  I received three pair of tortoiseshell frames and one black frame.  I keep the black frame pair in my laptop case.Outstandingly well made and comfortable glasses at an outstanding price.  All around win.
238. The smell is strong and amazing. We add it to our shower melts and they work and sell amazing!
239. Quick and easy way to add extra calories.  Mixes well with water and can be added to tube feedings.  I will happily continue to purchase.
240. very handy to be on key chain, and it light weight.
241. This is fantastic. It does not leak, the rubber bladder keeps the water hotwarm for a really long time, and it's a great size.The cover looks just like a pretty night sky, and is really soft. I actually thought it was neoprene at first, but it's just the tactile feel from the rubber bladder inside.Large opening makes it easy to fill. I heat up water on the stove, and before it hits boiling is my ideal starting temp. My kids prefer the heat lower, but I like knowing that it hasn't stressed under the hotter water I use.Classic, comfortable and a great item to have for so many different things!
242. I have two GSD and one mixed breed medium size dog . She wasn’t too crazy about it , probably due to her size and age but two GSD loved it and treats disappeared in a few days ;-)Would definitely buy it again.
243. Excellent product. I noticed a long time ago that Sauerkraut puts me in a good mood.. and later read somewhere that there are certain probiotics that when they reach the gut they can produce certain neurotransmitters and if the person lacks them (not everyone) it will help their mood.Anyways, the reason i gave it a 3 star is because of the price.... I mean WTH? i expect to get it cheaper on amazon not more expensive! I buy this same bottle for $6.49 at the Sprouts Market! ... Frankly if I have to buy it for $11 i just buy some containers of Sauerkraut and drain and drink the juice and it will be cheaper... I go through a bottle of this every 3 days.
244. I'm losing my vision and I hope this helps slow the process.
245. The perfect straws for a Root beer float!
246. Didn't know these are powder but those pods. A little disappointed and more work to use it
247.  I've had issues with oily skin and was looking for a supplement that would help clear up my pours 😣 I came across this Skin Elixir, and it's fantastic! After a few days of taking a serving in the morning, I could feel and see a noticeable change in my skin. My face feels ALOT clearer😊 It's packed full of vitamins and minerals that make me feel more energetic and healthy than any other superfood supplement drink I've had. If you're looking for a scientific backed approach to healthier looking skin, give it a try. I loved this product and you will too 💚
248. I’m so glad bath bombs now have a shower equivalent, and it’s not quite as strong, which is perfect for me. This is the second time I try something like this, and these are like the other brand I reviewed. One whole one is perfect for an average bathroom with an average tubshower setup. Small, enclosed spaces might want to use half a tablet, and bigger ones (open shower, larger room) might need two.
249. These look quite classy with the brushed finish as opposed to the chrome plating on most clippers. The little tin is a nice touch. I’m definitely going to use that for something else.
250. My wife and I have gotten these types of heel protectors any number of times over the years, but when I saw these I thought I wanted to try - they were thicker and suede - to go in a certain group of shoes. They are slightly bigger than any other heel inserts I’ve ever had. I like this size and the feel and they look like they cover a better area overall within the shoes. Putting the shoes on you do - as with all of them - have to be careful not to pull it off. I suggest a shoe horn. The feel is really nice. It feels thicker and like it gives just that much better padding. You do - again, as always - have to be careful to stick them right from the start or they’re useless - these kinds of things always loose grip if you try to reset. So I peal the back off, fold them in half onto the cushion side, then lightly stick the fold into the part of the heal where I want the center to land. I stick that harder when I’m happy with the placement, then press in one side then the other. So far I’ve been far closer than not with each one. Overall I am very happy with these inserts and will be getting more - not just for my suede shoes, but for all of mine that need grips. We have the regular kind, but these are far better.
251. Good product and great value
252. Love, love these scales! Quick and accurate. Makes weighing a pleasure.
253. Purchased this twice & each time it came leaking and sticky everywhere. Had to throw it away twice, as I was non usable.
254. the best clippers I have ever own
255. I think this little air purifier works great. It is NOT noisy, as others have opined. There is a low grade, subtle whir that comes from the unit when it's running but not disruptive at all. With the purchase!
256. I like this product but when these arrived all of them sprayed out of the side of the nozzle rather than where it’s meant to spray out of. I didn’t realize until it was too late that it was spraying into my automatic sprayer and both of them broke because of it.Amazon was great about it and gave me my money back, though.
257. DMSO has been subjected to Government oversight, primarily based on Big Pharma monies.The product is amazing!We use it on a multitude of situations and we have NEVER been disappointed in the results.
258. I've been taking saw palmetto for over a year and from three different companies. I decided to try the one from Purely Holistic since I've been using their Curcumin for my back pain for quite a while with great results. The effect and response has been good. Obviously for its intended target it will never be known how effective it is, but I am confident that their saw palmetto is as good as an others. Along with the CoQ10 I find that the three supplements are quite good.
259. The nippers I received were absolutely perfect. They're extremely sharp and incredibly precise. You definitely want to be careful and focused. What ever is in the path of the blades will be effortlessly removed. So make sure that you have enough light, no distractions, and make each cut deliberate. Or you might be hurrying to the bandage part of you first aid kit. Lol! I'm just saying. Anyway, these nippers are very nice and should last a long time. I would recommend them.
260. These foam ear plugs are soft and comfortable.  Though they are “reusable”, you’ll probably not going to be able to use them too many times before you’ll need to use a new pair.  A plastic case which holds six pairs is also included.These ear plugs are Made in China and being sold by a Chinese company on Amazon.
261. I bought this product because at the stores they only have the deodorant with all the funky smells or no smell at all.  I used to use one with a beautiful fragrant flower smell but they discontinued it.  Too bad because I have to look for another deodorant where I can tolerate the smell.
262. We are on our way to Maui and I'm so glad we have our wrap-a-naps. It will make a LONG flight so much more comfortable. I bought them for my whole family a few years ago for Christmas and they were the best purchase I have made in a long time.
263.  This corrector is very adjustable and extremely comfortable compared to others I have used. Most will cut into my armpits but this is verybsoft stretchy material with an ergonomically design so it fits very well! I use it for a little every couple days and it seems to have helped a bit with my back pain.
264. Exactly what I needed!
265. I really had my doubts going into this purchase, but being backed by not only the seller's guarantee and also Amazon's phenomenal customer service in the past, I thought I'd take a chance on this item without any prior experience with anything like it before.I'm glad I did.  And before I started this review, I ordered two more of them.  Let me tell you why...I am a cat owner, and my particular kitty cannot go outdoors because she was born deaf (and she's declawed.)  It's a genetic thing, blue eyes, white hair, look it up if you're inclined, but she's the love of my life and I have trained her with hand signals instead of vocal interactions.Anyway, this should be about the product, and let me tell you, it makes the kitty litter room invisible to your nose. Highly recommended!
266. I ordered these because I can usually wear kid size mask and I wanted something that looked less threatening when I run in my neighborhood with a mask on.The adjustable loops fit my ears fine. The mask itself fits fine but it's almost too small and not comfortable enough for running because I feel that it's not going to stay up over my nose.I think this mask is best for preteens or younger. It's well made and the outside layer feels like a tightly weaved cotton fabric. The inside fabric is t-shirtJersey cotton. I can breathe fine with it on despite it feeling pretty thick.The bunny mask bled on the print and now it has a light pinkish discoloration on the white part. All the other mask washed and hung dry fine.
267. Was two weeks from expiring.
268. Bought this for my mom to reach cabinets in the kitchen but she uses it to climb into her bed.  She loves it.
269. Great cleaner and the cloths are a nice size and work well.  I did purchase extra cloths to be able to have one in my purse and one at work.  Also if one gets dirty I can just grab a new one to replace it.  The small bottle is handy to carry in my purse.  Happy with this purchase.
270. Not a single change!
271. What a relief! I broke my tailbone 3 times when I was younger & I believe I have arthritis so this a great help thank you
272. These would of been great if it wasnt for the smell. I washed it before using it and my baby seemed  to like it. Then i smelled it, the smell of plastic is so strong even washing it wont go away. Kind of smells like the slime kids play with or worse. So now im not sure if i want to put it in my baby's mouth again. They do work for what is intended though, it is just the smell. Not sure if others have noticed it.
273. While I was blowing this up (by mouth) I noticed it wasn't inflating, then I saw the slit in it. I was able to tape it to where I could inflate it some. Didn't blow it up till right before the party so I had no other choice but to use it.
274. Forget about this if you have trouble with big pills. It's shorter but almost round and the gelcap is sticky. It got stuck and I was choking. I just ordered the liquid. I hadn't been taking omega 3's and my husband kinda pushed it on me. So yes, I should take it, but forget trying to swallow something like this. Mini? nope.
275. Love this product. Great price and quality. It does the job as described on advertisement. It will bring blood pressure down and is great with viruses. I highly recommend. You must take on consistent ongoing basis, so buy the larger size which is a lot for your money.
276. The ingredients in this product seemed sound and the product seemed like it would be effective; however, it was just another over-inflated diet product! Although it was supposed to be a natural product, it upset my stomach and apparently the green tea was a bit much for me and gave the the "jitters!" I could not get pass 1 pill a day because of how bad this product made me feel. Maybe that's why I did not see any results??? I would take it in the morning and be sick to my stomach throughout the day. It also caused difficulties sleeping, even though I was extremely tired by the time the jitters wore off! Because of my experience, I would not recommend touching this mess with a "ten foot pole."
277. Easy to install, does some filtering. Need to make a XL size.
278. This works very well.
279. This is vanilla and it isn't bad, but I found it to be somewhat grainy and that's even blending it in a smoothie.  Still, I am in my 60s and don't think I get the protein I should have in a day, so having a tablespoon on yogurt or in what I call a "tea smoothie" (ice, tea, milk and some of this powder), I feel I'm boosting my intake and keeping me healthier.  It's not bad - just a bit grainy to me.  Maybe others would not find it grainy - it really is something each person has to decide on their own.
280. Draws only 18watts. I attached to my Goal Zero Yeti 150 and it worked perfectly!  Gets hot enough to handle quick touch-ups, but if you aren't in a hurry, can do full head too. Each pass of the wand causes the unit to cool but in just a few seconds heats back up.Would buy again if necessary
281. It really works!
282. Been using this for years then it disappeared from the grocery stores. So happyto have it on my table again.
283. I would give this six stars if I could. I use it every month following my period. It relieves any irritation and just feels great. I also suffer from recurring candida, and this stuff helps with the symptoms. I would recommend using an applicator, as it can get a bit sticky, or wet it well with water before inserting. It is a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.My mother suffers from recurring UTIs, and this helps her greatly.It is truly a miracle product.
284. I've used a lot of different nasal irrigators, and overall I prefer the ones which pour rather than squeeze water through your nasal passages.  The latter makes it too easy to force too much water into your nose and sinuses, and that's a horrible feeling.  Gentle pressure is the key here.  Beyond that, it's pretty much as good as any other irrigator.
285. will not work. Do not buy.
286. had some trouble at first because it didn't actually work with my water line in the 10 gallon tank. I adjusted and now it works fine. Really like the product!
287. Do not bother. The idea is not a bad idea but this is so tiny, it is a joke. I can't be any more honest that that.
288. Getting kids to eat healthy is not the easiest chore in the world and they need good gut health as much as adults do.  I think these chewable probiotics are a good way to get some extra probiotics into your kids.  I have teens that won't drink my home made kombucha or kefir (loaded with naturally occurring probiotics) so I like to give them probiotics in a chewable form and these were a big hit.  These have a high CFU which are derived from 5 strains of bacteria.  There are probiotics in pill form that have a much higher CFU count from many more strains, but most kids balk at taking pills.
289. I am pleasantly surprised at how well these little clips hug my eye glass frames and the chain is thin and very attractive, subdued and elegant.  :)
290. Very interesting concept to have refill pods you can put into this container. Neat idea and hopefully cuts down on waste!The lotion itself works great! No overpowering scent- which is nice. You don't want heavily scented things on your face- it'll often break it out. The lotion is very moisturizing too! My face feels so soft with this on!Overall this is a great product and an innovative design!
291. This is perfect for travel or home use. I am able to fit 4 pillsvitamins in each daily compartment. If I needed more, I would have to use two. I have considered using two anyway, one for am and one for pm. This has definitely helped my forgetful brain to know whether I have already taken my pills or not. I would absolutely purchase again! Good packaging and quick shipping.
292. Super cute and great material. My son is 2 and wiling to wear it so must be comfortable
293. Loved this! I wondered how I would like it, my hair was dry in less than 15 minutes, I wasn’t sure how long to wear it so I probably wore it much longer than necessary. It doesn’t have instructions but everything is self explanatory. There’s a snaps so it stays on, and a travel pouch it comes in
294. Just what I wanted! I own the battery operated kind and always wanted the electric for more power. It does what its supposed to do.Very happy with my purchase.
295. They eat them most of the time when they are fresh.. Many times they are dry.
296. Love it, takes a little getting used to, like brushing your teeth with a great tasting dirt.
297. Very pure
298.  I'm only allowed to attach 1 video per review, so check out the pulsation mode video I posted! The regular mode is what I've been using and I'm waiting to grab some distilled water so I can use the nasal irrigator.I'm going home for a wedding next month and I don't wanna bring my regular water flosser, so this thing is a Godsend! My only complaint is the water resevoir could be tighter because if you tilt it, water can spill out. One fill up is just enough to floss your entire mouth. I have only used on level 1 because I can tell the other modes might be too strong for me. You might like em though! It's pleasing to the eye and I love that it came with a carrying bag. For sure recommend this for anyone with a small space or who travels often.
299. I've tried alot of nootropics but have settled on optimind as it gives me what I'm looking for consistently. Wish the price was a little lower but it work's as described unlike so many other brand's  I've tried in the past.
300. Many people say this is much bigger than expected, but I take many medications morning and night, so the boxes are perfectly sized. I’ve used plain medicine boxes similar to these without a case. In addition, these aren’t the pick open type that hurt my arthritic fingers or break easily, so the push opening is great. I guess having used large pill containers before, this was even better. I love the case. It’s attractive and keeps pop open type boxes like these from popping open accidentally in your purse. I don’t use the lanyard, but it’s nice to have if all you’re carrying meds and a bit of cash or credit card. Bottom line...I love this case.
301. This supplement has all the products in it that I like to take and have been taking separately.  And better yet, it adds a probiotic Lactobadillus Acidophilus so can’t ask for more in a daily supplement.  I love this product!  Immune Blend has so many great ingredients that have been proven to have immune and other health benefits – Vitamin C, Zinc, Elderberry, Echinacea, Garlic Turmeric and more.I do want to comment that since this product has turmeric and garlic and both are known to have blood thinning capabilities, I personally would stop taking this product several days before any type of surgery.  And by all means talk to your doctor about taking any product that contains these ingredients if you take blood thinners.My final thoughts: I am thrilled to find a product that contains such a great blend of ingredients to help us stay healthy and fight off viruses.
302. This is a great set comes with plenty of sticks, but I also use this for at home waxing.
303. I purchased my first brush like this about 54 years ago, Replaced that one with another just like it. This is my third brush like this and if I outlive this one I will replace it with another one like it. It has been like a well loved friend . Thanks Amazon and Fuller Brush.
304. No breaking here, this scale is the way to go. A family on the go uses it all the time. Accurate readings, fun to use.
305. I found this silver ion deodorant at Wal-Mart a couple of years ago but they stopped selling it so I looked everywhere else and could not find it.  In a fit of desperation, I looked on Amazon, and there it was.  I love the deodorant because I understand how silver ion technology works to stop bacterial growth.  When I first saw it, I knew it was going to work very well.  It works exceptionally well.  It actually works the often promised but seldom delivered - two days!  This is the type of deodorant I will use from now on if I can find it.  You should never use anti-perspirant and always only use a deodorant.  The reason is that anti-perspirant contains aluminum and it is a heavy metal that gets absorbed under your arm and is deposited in the fat cells of your brain where it remains for the rest of your life.  Doctors are beginning to understand that this heavy metal accumulation, along with mercury and lead, can contribute to the development and onset of Alzheimer’s disease.
306. CoQ10 is an essential supplement for overall health. It is used in all of our cells. It's especially useful for neurological and cardiac function. It's important that the CoQ10 you choose is water soluble so your body can fully utilize it. This one is 100% water soluble. This supplement also includes vitamin E. This is a high quality supplement that you should consider adding to your daily diet. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
307. I've bought so many things that turned out to be junk, a disappointment. But my eyes are failing and it's difficult to find a 3. much less a 3.5. When I saw this pack of four I decided what could I lose at that price? They of course, are a little heavy on my face, but they are glass so wont scratch as badly as the lighter plastic ones. They were a little wide on my face, so I gently bent them in and now they fit great. As heavy as a 3.5 is when I bend over they stay tight and don't slip. I think they are wonderful as they are glass and won't scratch as badly as the other plastic ones I have, and seem clearer too right off. They are adjustable, I carefully bent them inward so they fit my face better and they did not break. I think I will order another set. I am terrible to leave my glasses around everywhere, and then &#34;where did I leave my glasses?&#34; is the question. I am giving all my others to the Salvation Army or friends if they want them. I am thrilled to find these because of the 3.5, the look, for the price they are good value, everything. They came very quickly too and well packed. I highly recommend these glasses.
308. Best value for money product.
309. This are perfect when space in your luggage is at a premium.  If you're only traveling for a few days toss several of these in your toiletry bag and you'll be set.  This is so much better than trying to fill up a travel bottle with mouthwash and finding a toothpaste tube with the least amount in it.  I have nothing negative to say about these dental packs whatsoever.
310. Compact, convenient, high quality talking alarm.  What I like the most about this product is it automatically resets it's self every day.  It tells which boxdose was missed.  And each little box is tight closing.  And it so convient to slip out the day's container, and attach to the alarm, and easily slip into pocket.Cons: Alarm volume is too low for even good hearing. I am going to call the company to see if any way to raise the volume.  Each box when carried off the main holder, has no day of the week labeled.  This is a big problem if traveling for a few days and do not have the space to carry the entire week
311. I didn’t expect much from these, and I didn’t get much. Thankfully, I didn’t get them as a bathshower substitute so I have to admit, that I was able to get SOME use from them.There was a point when my hot water heater went out that I was taking a bath with baby wipes. And, yes, I did manage clean my entire body. No issues there, though I don’t recommend it for everyone.New hot water was installed by the maintenance team where I live. So, that ended my makeshift bath option.Seeing these, and remembering that, I decided to snag them.🧼 They are thick, about 4x thicker than the baby wipes we like (Huggies natural care)🧼 They do have some suds🧼 They are easily discardedDo they clean?Well, I decided to test them on the dirtiest part of my body – MY FEET. I wear my flip-flops a lot, and since the shoes are black – you can well imagine how dirty my feet could get. Add in stepping outside for bit here or there or driving without shoes (which, yes it is legal) – my feet can get nasty fast.Which, in that case – PERFECT test for these wipes.My feet are a size 7 – I say that so you can gauge how big my feet are in relation to how well these worked.After getting them wet – not a lot of suds. Okay …I wet my feet first and scrubbed them with this pad. It isn’t scratchy, but it isn’t soft either. The dirt came off and I splash rinsed before drying my feet. One “towel” did both feet, but no suds were left after. I threw the towel away and was satisfied.It didn’t dry my feet out the way other soaps do – that was good.Would I trust ONE for my entire “larger” body – NO. Not at all. I would definitely need at least one for my back, one for the back of my legs, at least three for my front region, and perhaps one for my arms.Total: at least six (6) wipes. As there are only 30 in this pack – not a great value at all. I did better with cheaper baby wipes. In addition, I’m not sold on the “no-rinse” deal.These are not something I’d get again, and I honestly don’t recommend them.
312. Bought to give away
313. Completely Satisfied, 5-Star Seller.
314. Research indicates that zinc is helpful in fighting bacterial and viral infections.  During this pandemic I’ve added it to my arsenal of supplements.  You should too!
315. This solved my metatarsal arch ache but broke after 2 weeks....
316. This prebiotic really does work within hours to reduce stomachache and bloating. I have lupus with Sjogren's Syndrome, and I have to take prophylactic antibiotics. I get bowel inflammation, and I am reasonably sure that my gut biome is a mess. Probiotics have been in my pillbox for years, but I'm getting serious about it now. This formula doesn't cause gas, and in my case, it seems to be curing it.Recommend.
317. I order this tissue paper often and find it very useful for wrapping packages and using as a pretty filler for mailing small packages.
318. There are greatmore comtfortable than a canemore supportiveWish they came in colors
319. I have Type II diabetes, so am always looking for ways to cut my blood sugar levels. I was offered this product for free as part of the Amazon Vine program, so I did not really pay any attention to how much it actually sold for. Once I got to the point of writing a review I ended up having to take it into consideration though.This product is basically just 99% carbonated water with a few amino acids and chromium thrown in. If you have any half-decent diet or take a decent daily multivitamin you are already getting hundreds of times the amount of aminos and chromium that these cans contain and more than you actually need, so it really is not adding anything that you are not already getting.The rest is just carbonated water, which has an extremely nice taste and texture to it, but is cheap and easy to find at your local grocery store. I can buy 12 oz cans of carbonated water (flavored or unflavored) at Safeway for less than 25 cents each per can. Yet this product sells for more than $2 per can, which is absolutely ridiculous. The Safeway water tastes just as good and comes in a wide variety of flavors. I'm sure that big box stores sell carbonated water for even cheaper than this. While this product tastes o.k., there is nothing "magic" in it and absolutely nothing that would justify paying 8x as much for it as you could find elsewhere.
320. I originally got this when I was going to use it in my sewing room.  Things changed and it made its way into a storage area in my living room.  Finally I brought it out, set it up and have been using it ever since.FLOOR STANDThis has a heavy floor stand and it works well to hold the lamp steady.LIGHT CONTROLThe controls go from high to medium and off.  It is easy to hit the rocker switch sitting in a chair.LIGHT QUALITYThis light is fantastic quality.  I can see well when doing artwork, knitting, or sewing.  The colors are true and vivid and contrast is excellent.NECKThe only wear that this has had is the neck cover cracked.  It does not affect operation of the light, however.BULBI am still on the original bulb, but bought a backup in case.THE BOTTOM LINEThis light is fantastic.  It works great, provides fantastic light and is my go to for artwork, sewing, or knitting.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I would buy this again no problem if it is the same quality is the one I have now.
321. This supplement is in the form of magnesium glycinate. It is used mostly for helping one get to sleep. It relaxes the muscles, lowers blood pressure and basically prepares the body for sleep. I've taken magnesium glycinate off and on for years to help me get to sleep and it usually does the trick.  The type of magnesium (magnesium glycinate) is highly absorbable and is one of the best forms to take.  However, I think this bottle of 60 capsules (a one month supply for $29.99 as of this review) is too expensive.  I've seen it for a lot less than $29.99.
322. Works okay. Is pretty good, but not great.
323. Considering all of the toxins to which we are exposed each day, it's probably a good idea to detox your liver on a regular basis. Milk thistle has been used for this purpose for many years. This particular product is raw and organic which makes it ideal. There's enough product to last for two months. I'd suggest mixing this with your favorite liquid in a blender or a shaker to make sure the powder is fully dissolved. Here's to a healthy liver!!
324. Worked well straight out of the box. Left my muscles sore, which is expect after it kneaded out so many knots.
325. For all my mini needs , great fast shipment of these bags, really like them!
326. This is a must have for anyone who gets migraines. Keep this in your freezer and use as soon as you start to get a headache. The cold plus the blocking out of the light helps so much, it will shorten or decrease the pain of your migraine.
327. Doesn't deodorize and doesn't smell pleasant.Edit: used tons. Saturated the insoles. Worked. No smell. Hooray.
328. Sturdy bags, good value for money, multipurpose use
329. I was surprised by how thin these were.  Not really sure what they were intended for but I guess it's up to the user to decide how many to use at a time.  I suppose you could use them for touch ups on makeup up but so far haven't had occasion to use them for much.  They are silky and smooth as opposed to fluffy, if that's any help to making a decision to buy them.  If someone figures' it out, I'd like to know.
330. I live on a well for water, and get minerals in our water that gets a ring in our toilets even though IClean the toilets 3,4 times a week, and some bathrooms do not even get used.I have been using pumice stones for a long time .You get two in this  package, and they have thick plastic handles that have not broken with pressure.That said this white soft pumice is too soft for my toilet , and did not take offThe mineral ring as other gray pumice stones are harder and have easily taken the rings off.
331. Junk. Didn't even last a year before it just randomly stopped workingwon't charge. Too bad, I actually liked it until this.
332. I had planned to give this less than 3 stars because I did not see a big significant change at first. It just so happened that I had something that was in my fridge that could potential have been a problem and I had this in my fridge and it did not stink my fridge up. I am a believer that this works. I only wish that I did not have to put it in the sun once a month because the winter months are coming and we might not have that much sun soon. Overall though I highly recommend it.
333. This product is Ok for cleaning up but not as good as advertised for tough stains.  Matter of fact if you use too much or scrub too much it leaves a pink stain!
334. It was exactly as promoted and displayed:) Recieved as agreed!!:) Easy to order:):)! Exactly what I needed...
335. This is a very small unit.  Do not expect this to work as a home humidifier for anything but a small to medium size room.  I bought it for my 90+ year old Dad's bedroom for the diffuser.  He still has a very difficult time sleeping alone since his wife of 65 years died last year so we thought adding lavender or other soothing essential oils might help.  Do not know if it is coincidence, but it seems to!  We have not had any difficulty with the settings, but we only use it on &#34;run&#34; and not for shorter periods of time - and only on &#34;low mist&#34;.  A side benefit has been keeping a good level of humidity in his room, so we will probably have to find another way to do the aromatherapy in the summer as his home does not have AC.
336. This is an excellent back massager that does a great job. I must admit when i got this I was a bit skeptical at just how well it would work for me. Its oddly shaoed appearance was a but disheartening but i must admit I am totally happy that this odd little shaped back massager does such a great job. It is great for one person who can't reach to reach over and get all those spots you have always wanted and the door frame won't hit. It does a great job and feels great. The tip is soft yet solid silicone. It is light weight and really easy to use. It fits in your hand easy and comfortably and does a great job at rubbing your back. I am so glad I was able to make this purchase.I purchased this product at a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
337.  I am more than willing to pay 40 bucks for a match cloche-- love them! However, the skewsku sticker they affix on it, when removed it takes the film on glass off and looks tacky. I would suggest finding a better quality one, this is not it. No stickers on products is a better route to go.
338. Stops working after about 30 seconds and I’ve tried charging it overnight, still won’t last
339. works well and is easy to use with plenty of room for me.  Seems to be of sturdy construction.  Have had no problems with it.
340. These gloves are fabulous. I recently had to use them when I needed to clean out an old trailer, and they were great from everything to moving to cleaning. They are built well and are very strong. Even in the worst of conditions they didn’t show signs of deterioration. I would highly recommend!
341. I have been using Silk Biotin for just about five days, and can already see results! Having taken Day 1 and Day 5 pictures, I can easily see that my hair has grown at least half an inch, probably more.  A huge improvement from 4 inches in 6 months.
342. At the current price of $15.50 for 20 ounces of bath salts with a pouch of flowers, I do not feel this is worth it. I thought I would like the fragrance but I don't. Also, I have to put a strainer in my sink to prevent the flower buds from going down the drain.I bathed my feet for 20 minutes with about 12 cup of bath salts and some of the chamomile flowers. The results are no different than just plain Epsom Salt. The high price and my dislike of the fragrance would prevent me from ever ordering this again. It is okay but nothing special.
343. Great heating pad, very comfortable.  Not as large as it looks in the picture.  However, it stopped working after only 6 months.  Obviously outside the return window.
344. Not sure whether this company changed their formulauses a different product when shipping to customers vs to store, but these are in the trash. So incredibly chalky, horrid aftertaste
345. I tried one of their shower steamers yesterday and was not impressed. There are eight steamers in this package. Each tablet is the size of a hockey puck but half the size. The tablet needs to be  elevated in the shower so that the steam and water droplets hit it. The one I tried slowly dissolved and fizzed and leaked an electric pink color all over my tub that (thankfully) washed away with little effort.I have the nose of a bloodhound and I could barely detect any scent. I then decided to dissolve it in the bottom of my shower as if it were a bath bomb. I still barely detected a fragrance. Why anyone would use something like this is beyond me, especially when very little fragrance is present. I already wash my hair and soap up my body with very fragrant shampoo and bath soap, so there is no need for a steamer in my shower.Nevertheless, I spent several minutes dissolving the tablet in the shower after I finished washing and there was still very little scent.  These are not for me. However, I do feel they would be more effective as bath bombs because they fizz and one will be closer to the action to get more of the scent.At the current price of $11.99 for eight tablets, this comes to a  $1.50 per steamer.
346. Used for sleeping in diffuser, didn’t give the effect I needed.
347. neat little soap strips. Very convenient for travel. It makes decently high amount of foam and does not dry hands.
348. Every day I take probiotics, digestive enzymes, multi, B-12 and an immune supplement.  The one that makes the most difference for me on a daily basis is the probiotic.  While all the probiotics I have tired basically work, there's no question that some work better than others.  This is one of the better products and seems to help more with the IBS than others.  I've only been using for less than a week and it is working good and no stomach upset.  The serving size is 3 capsules, and dosage recommendation on the label is 1 in the morning, 1 during the day, and 1 in the evening.  So this bottle gives a 1-month supply, and the price is reasonable for a good probiotic.
349. This didn't have enough power to bring or air bubbles to make it racing.  It is now in my shed.
350. Smells heavenly!
351. Love, Love, Love my Mr Clean Magic Eraser!  It's the best for cleaning walls, sinks, appliances, whatever needs cleaning.  Nothing else compares.
352. Works well, will order again.
353. Slowly body parts are looking and doing better.
354. These are great glasses for light sensitive people. Have owned 3 pair and have found nothing better than this Noir dark plum 4% for coverage. Highly recommend these
355. This is the silliest product I’ve ever seen.  The material is very tough and it is impossible to follow the directions to put them on.  I waited too long too return them so I’m stuck with them.
356. I use these inserts along with my custom orthotics, and they seem to reduce pain and fatigue even more than I thought they would.  Almost unnoticeable when you're wearing them, too!
357. Sent back. Just did not need after all
358. I was debating on getting this or peel but I stuck with this and I’m glad I find it easier. Only thing was the file I think it was fell of which I don’t mind I never used it before was my fault left under running water was able to reattach it.
359. No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. Each capsule has 30 billion CFUs, which is an excellent potency for a single capsule. There are a total of 10 different strains, which is also excellent. However, while the strains are listed on the bottle, the specific concentration of each is not.However, while this hits the mark when it comes to potency and strain diversity, it's a bit overpriced for what you get (30 capsules, which is a month's supply using the suggested dosage of one cap per day). Other similar good potency and good diversity probiotics are available for a lower per-month cost, and often include ingredients that this does not, such as prebiotics.Five stars for the formulation; three stars for value; overall rating of 4 stars.
360. Very cute , serves its purpose. Can easily replace little container and continue using the floral box or repurpose the little box. Everything in n it matches and the mirror is adequate.
361. When I first opened this toothpaste, I found that it was very thick... meaning I had to press the toothpaste tube rather hard to get the toothpaste to come out.  But on the plus side, once you get this on your toothbrush, it isn't going to drip off.  As far as smell and taste, it has a pleasant smell and taste.  It's not overpowering like some tooth pastes, but it's not the most gentle either.  It does what it's supposed to do and cleans the teeth, and with the Sodium Fluoride I am sure it helps reduce cavities.  It's an okay toothpaste.
362. No bad taste and really high quality. I'm hooked. (Pun intended.)
363. This product had noticeable positive results for me and seems to be a quality product at a realistic price. This is a product I will buy again.
364. work well for the kids all summer
365. Anyone involved in sports has the potential of suffering a strain or injury to the knee, especially if the sport requires running or repetitive motion. Having injured a knee in the past I know how unpleasant this is and how long it takes to recover. I didn’t have a sleeve like this when I was recovering but I wish I did.This knee sleeve is made of a stretchy material that provides enough stretch to fit comfortably but still remain snug; that is, it does not cut off circulation while is stays in place. It does not pinch or cause irritation behind the knee when the knee is bent either which is nice. The whole is very breathable though it still gets a little warm when worn (to be fair, I am writing this at the onset of summer – everything is warm).The main feature of this sleeve is the silicone buttress that supports and semi-immobilizes the kneecap. It is a round insert (insert in the sense that it is sewn in, not removable) that provides two things for the knee: it keeps the knee cap from floating (a residual problem I still have from years ago) and it provides some cushioning that assists a bit with minor impacts. The cushioning is nice, but keeping the kneecap in place is very helpful as it keeps it from sliding and pinching the muscle.While this sleeve does slightly restrict movement is does not really interfere with most activities. It is comfortablebreathable, it provides good protection for the knee and it keeps things in place so the knee can heal faster. Overall I am very pleased with it and wish I had this years ago.Disclaimer: I was provided a sample of this product in exchange for a fair, honest and thorough review. Even though I received this product at no cost I have rated and reviewed this product without bias, based solely on my experience with it.
366. I use it as part of my IF routine for regulating BM as well as for muscle and bones. I only take 1 capsule a day because the suggested dose was giving me diarrhea.
367. If you want to pay the price to watch bubbles, this is for you. Hard pass
368. The frames were not oversized
369. Its not bad...I needed something for my shoulders and back when my husband wasn't home to rub them :)I get pain in my upper back and shoulders and this does seem to help a little bit.
370. We love this scale! It was quite expensive but being that a scale lasts a long time i think it was worth it.
371. Fantastic cut! Leaves no jagged edges! Great buy!
372. I was surprised at the comfort it offered. Goes for any shoe.
373. These stated shirt boxes.  There is no way a regular mens shirt will fit in this small box.Truly misleading.
374. My wife is using this steamer in her esthetic business.  Its a great simple steamer.Came well-packaged with no damage to glass water holder (these often arrive cracked).Base is sturdy.  Not wobbly.  No creaks.  Its basic, but not cheapo.She has more expensiveadvanced units with attachments.  But this has become a goto for minor extractions and cleansing.Recommended.
375. Nice little unit. It’s quiet enough that my cats don’t freak when they see it. I’ve even been able to use it on my 16 year old cat’s stomach and everything scares him.
376. It did not get rid of the eats!
377. Shaker cup is decent, will get the job done. Really bought this for the plant based sample shakes. Loved the quality of the shakes and also their flavors. You can't expect much in flavor when it comes to these types of shakes but you will feel great after getting consistent with them!
378. Used to come in a nice jar. Luckily I saved it. Product quality appears to be the same.
379. Great product.  Made my clothes stain free and bright.
380. Took to lake house for kids to use it works for them when needed
381. It removes some of the pilling that gets on blankets, sweaters and other items that typically contain acrylic but it doesn’t do a great job. It’s better than nothing but you have to go over the item multiple times in order to remove a noticeable amount of the pills. It is easy to use and clean. Wish it worked a lot better but I’m keeping it because it’s definitely better than nothing.
382. high cost is questionable
383. Nice brush.
384. Nice unit, good for facials but not in the shower
385. These tissues come in the cutest containers.  The containers are slim with a pretty floral and bunny print.  The container is very similar in design to Clorox wipes - you pull one tissue at a time out.  The tissues are not the softest but the containers make up for it.
386. I really like the shape of the product it's easy to hold and works great
387. I should preface this by saying that I have never used a shampoo brush before, so I have nothing to compare this one to.That said I really like it.  I have short damaged (Bleached) hair.  While I was ill and couldn’t really leave the house for a few months my short pixie went from cute to shaggy and uneven.  Part pixie, part shaggy, nearing a pretty standard bob length.  Decided I should get a few things to help spoil it while trying to grow it for awhile.  First up was a oil.  While researching that I noticed some folks who swear by these for scalp massages  to help with shampooing.  I generally use a bar shampoo so I wasn’t sure this would  be great for me, but I love it.I saw some reviewers concerned that the bristles are too soft.  I suspect that’s a personal preference thing.  We had a similar pet brush that did have harder bristles.  Before using it on the cat, I tried it on me and did not like it.  I do, however like these bristles.  Now I’ll add that I have sensitive skin, so maybe with someone who can take a lot more abuse than I can, the harder bristles would be better, but for me, these are just right.Do they help promote hair growth?  Who knows.  I’m not going to be measuring my hair.  Do they give you a nice little massage as you work in your shampoo?  Yes.  Do they make it easier to work your shampoo into every little hair on your hair?  Seems to.
388. Cheap. Your better off buying 1 at the store.
389. This is light weight plastic. Good for shower cleaning, but was a bit bendy for the deck.
390. I realize that the seller, in all honesty, advertises these earplugs as being disposable. That is, the seller recommends that the buyer use these ear plugs once only, and then throw them away. This is a fairly expensive way to use earplugs, and also rather inconvenient, because it means you need to keep regularly purchasing more of them. Personally, I have found, as is the case for other foam ear plugs I have used over the years, that these ear plugs can be washed and reused multiple times before they start to crack. Only then, in my opinion, is it truly necessary to discard them. I have attached a photo to show what it looks like when they crack.I make it a point, when washing these ear plugs with soap and water, to rinse them well, then pat and squeeze them thoroughly with a towel and let them air dry for at least 24 hours before using them again.Unlike other similar quality earplugs I own, when I wash these, they expand and get bigger. Fortunately, though, they don't seem to fit any tighter or more uncomfortably because of that expansion. I have attached a photo with a picture of one of these earplugs when new side-by-side with one that has been washed, as well as two other brands of earplugs I use that do not expand at all when washed and last a whole lot longer than these do over time.These aren't the least expensive ear plugs I have ever purchased, but they are reasonably priced for what is on offer.
391. This is good cleaner, protectant. It doesnt shed and bead water like shower or toilet duck but it doesn’t haze or buildup either.
392. I wish I could give a zero star rating. These do nothing, they have so little scent that you have to put your nose right up to them. Nothing happens in the shower except it turns the water color before it goes down the drain. I have to throw these out as they have no other use.
393. These are great for cleaning plastics, lineoleum, refrigerator doors, etc. The price is right on Amazon. Be cautious using them on cleaning paint. They can take the paint off or soften it. They are perfect on hard, non porous surfaces.
394. I was expecting more .. In my opinion there wasn't enough especially for the size of the package..
395. I bought this for my daughter. She has autism and is very sensitive to loud sounds. She has trouble dealing with the fire drills at school, so the ability to have ear plugs on her at all times is important to lessening her anxiety. She was able to attach the clip easily on her belt loop. The ear plugs are easy for her to put in and take out. The biggest issue has been with the lid on the container. It takes her a bit to open and she sometimes needs help putting it back on correctly as it must be lined up just right to screw on correctly. With practice it may get easier though.
396. This pack was totally sweet! I hate shopping for supplements in those lame mall-supplement stores (cough, cough GNC). They're really not oriented at all towards the endurance athlete. I got a good mix of stuff I've used before and new items to try out. YOLO!
397. This baby oil has a light sweet coconut fragrance. Made from soybean oil, coconut oil, lecithin, vitamins E and C and fragrance, it applies easily and absorbs quickly.. The pump dispenser works flawlessly. It is very gentle and no negative side effects were experienced. The scent is fresh and does not overpower. The oil leaves skin soft and supple.  It is free of mineral oil, parabens, phthalates, dyes, and, formaldehyde. The directions describe this as a massage oil but it functions pretty much like any baby oil. It is appropriate for babies of all ages.
398. Someone recommended this to me after discussing dandruff. I don't have a lot, but it just seems like I can never get the skin at the front of my head.  I bought this thing and haven't had problems since! I just put shampoo in my hands and do a light lather, then I come back through with this thing and work it into my scalp (special focus on the front). I've had such positive results! Really love it.
399. I have wished I had these so many times in the past. Depending on how high the heels are, the more the ball of your foot hurts. You can't wait to get those babies off your feet. These will help your feet feel so much better. Rather than wearing sensible low heeled shoes, I will now be able to wear my pretty higher heels. They make my feet feel better about being on high heels. And my feet aren't aching like they usually would.
400. Came in as advertised
401. This glycerine is high quality- thick and clear. I like that it was collected from sustainable palm (supposedly). I bought it to preserve fall leaves (I read that you could use a 2:1 waterglycerine ratio and soak fall leaves in it to preserve the color and flexibility of the leaf- turns out this is NOT true (it worked kind of for green leaves, a bit less so for yellow leaves, and not at all for redorange leaves) and even though it didn't work, that's not the fault of the company. I will use the rest to make soap!
402. I have not used this long enough to say that it is exceptional or that it has made an improvement. I like that the Krill Oil is in caps that don't leak (the fact the Krill Oil is actually a powder helps with this).  The bottles I received are in good shape (not bowed on the bottom).  I like how very easy it is to open the bottles.  The only problem I've had was when I took the pills the first day.  I had a hard time swallowing them, but I believe that is because I had put them with all my other supplements and it was just too much to try and swallow at one time because the second day, I took them separately from the other supplements and this worked much better.  Time will tell as to how they will work in my body, but I will come back later and give another review.
403. I miss this flavor. Glad I found it. Works great for breakfast on the go
404. They look good. Are totally transparent. Don't have a good coverage for my  eyelids though ( age related). I tried several strips. I followed the instructions. After about 2 hours they dried out and peeled off
405. This little flower sonic brush cleaner is perfect to use every day if you use Retin-A. It is soft, yet it cleans away any dirt, oil, or peeling, without causing any irritation. Those who use Retin-A know that the vigorous brush cleanings can only be done a couple of times a week or else your skin gets really sore and painful. This little cleaning brush does not cause that and gives a great cleaning for everyday. And, it really gets into the creases around the nose and does great for cleaning out your pores.I use a micellar gel cleanser with this and usually go through two 90 second sessions on the nights I don't use Retin-A, and one very light pressure session on the nights I do. I then apply my skincare or my Retin-A. About once a week I use my regular cleansing brush to do a deep clean, but only for a minute or two.I really love this little flower sonic cleansing brush. It is not harsh, it gives a great cleaning, it feels good, and it helps wash away the peelies from using Retin-A. Highly recommend.
406. As someone who does their own nails ... these are COARSE buffers for regular, gel, or acrylic nails.However, I really got them for my rough feet. I live in the desert and most of the time I wear flip-flops out. That results in rough, dry, scaly feet. Not even scrubs work. So, I choose a coarse grit buffer andor file.That does the job! These are also way easier to hold than a file. And, I get into most of the places.Pretty happy with them. Packaging could be better for storage though.
407. The wide mouth of the container makes getting a spoonful of syrup super easy, and the consistency isn't thick or too runny, so this is by far the most convenient yacon syrup purchase I've made. Everything else was great too, the flavor, shipping time, packaging, etc. But the main thing is I can quickly and cleanly get a spoonful out and get on with my day. So this is the one I will put on re-order. Thank you!
408. not what i taught its in the garbage after 3 weeks
409. Pads are a bit small but they work well. Refreshing and non-irritating on my sensitive skin.
410. I wasn't sure what to expect of this protein powder. I've tried many different plant based proteins but never oat. I was a little confused on what the flavor was supposed to be... It looks like an oatmeal cream pie on the packaging, but says that the flavor is "Marshmallow." I wonder if it's supposed to be a marshmallow filled oatmeal cream pie? The packaging should really be updated to be less confusing. This definitely tastes nothing like a marshmallow, but it does taste like an oatmeal cream pie! I was actually pretty impressed by the flavor! I blended it into a smoothie with frozen coffee cubes, coconut milk and a splash of my favorite coffee creamer and it tasted like an oatmeal cream pie frappuccino! It was so delicious that my 3 year old kept trying to steal it, so I made her a coffee free version and she loved it. I really appreciate that this is sweetened with more natural sweeteners. That's a big deal to me when I'm shopping for protein powder. Other than the confusion as to what flavor this is actually supposed to be, I'm happy with it and would order this again.
411. Good stuff, sealed excellent. Put on 3 coats, polished next day and it looks great and all sealed up tight!
412. These things can clean almost anything.
413. This works well
414. Beautiful print, comfortable.  However, they're muncher thinner and shorter than expected.
415. Arrived on time and as advertised.
416. Didn't do a thing for me. Not saying they don't. just not for me..
417. tried it before I went on vacation. tried to wash a pair of socks. did not seem to clean. socks did not seem fresh. Similar to simply rinsing socks with just water.
418. Looked great at the tables at my wedding. One of the better prices I saw too.
419. This type of cleaning format is outstanding for resource conservation. It comes in sheets that dissolve far more readily and quickly than the tablet format concentrates. The sheets are easy to cut (or tear) if you need a smaller amount for the task.While these sheets are positioned as a floor cleaner (and it works pretty well for that task) they can also be used as a general purpose spray cleaner. I use a sheet for a 32oz bottle, and the spray does a fine job for counters, sinks, and other general cleaning tasks. The scent is reasonably pleasant, but I would have preferred no scent as other sheets offer.There are some cons, however. First, the cost is higher than similar sheet-based concentrates, and the performance is no different than the lower cost options. Second, the packaging is not ideal for sheets. The sheets are somewhat delicate and must be kept totally dry in storage or they will dissolve. The sheets are packaged in a cardboard box in a single clump. Other manufacturers use a plastic box or, if a cardboard box is used, the sheets are divided up into smaller groups.Factoring in the cons puts my score at 3 stars. Although the sheet format is perfect for eliminating plastic waste and is easier to use than the tablet-based format, there are better sheet options available at a lower price.
420. Love it. So glad I made the purchase I use all the attachments and I am especially pleased with the face brush. The bag is a nice touch.
421. Bought these for my Operation Christmas Child boxes and I wasn't disappointed. The quality is better than I thought it would be for the price.
422. great tool!
423. The sweet rose smells amazing!  This is definitely a product that I feel good about using - the ingredients are all natural and the instructions are very clear on how often to clean your mat.  I will say, I spritzed my whole mat from top to bottom after every class, and I am actually out after roughly 15 classes.  In other reviews, I read that it lasted some people a year - fair warning, it won’t.  Other than that, I love it!  I just reordered another bottle!
424. This has been a great help for me. Rolls nice. Its a little sketchy using it as a wheelchair. The person tends to be ejected forward often. Its held up well, I've been very happy with this purchase.
425. It arrived crushed. The plastic slider is broken. The box is falling apart.
426. Came exactly as advertised. Bought this for my horse's temporary health issues but ended up not needing it. Unfortunately I could not return it (even though it is still completely wrapped and unopened) so I donated it to a local veterinary office instead.
427. Wonderfully fast delivery. Ordered it yesterday and received today, less then 24 hours, amazing.As for the mask it fits my husbands face, which is amazing. He’s 6’5” and it’s hard to find anything to fit him. Regular masks pull so hard on his ears it’s painful and with it being required to wear masks everywhere now a days he stays home. With it being adjustable he is so much more comfortable he tried it on today on his way to work and is so happy. The only downfall is the nose area not having a tight fit and will probably fog up his safety glasses, which he has to wear along with masks everyday at work. I’m looking into a couple of possibilities to rectify this problem. I gave 4 stars because it fits without causing pain, I subtracted a star for the fact that I have to make some adjustments to ensure it’s a mask he can use.
428. At birthdays and Christmas, you always can use a box to put a gift in and the easier it works, the better. These are fine for that purpose. The folding instructions are on the sale page so you can easily find how to fold. The boxes are nice.
429. This thing is serious. I didn’t buy it for feet because for whatever reason my feet are as soft as a baby’s butt....however I can promise you it will work.
430. The stainless steel scouring pads are OK but the yellow and green sponges are the same kind of cheap sponges you'd find in a dollar store - good for light cleaning but liable to fall apart after long usage -they definitely don't have the quality of Scotch 3M sponges, which I prefer. It's convenient, however, to have both these items sold as one set as I normally use both when I'm cleaning pots and pans - the softer one reserved for lighter, easier to remove stains and the more abrasive steel pads for hardened grease or difficult to remove encrusted food remnants.  So both have their use, it's just that one part of the set seems better made and more durable than the other.
431. I was using cloth diapers and my son got a bad rash so I used some A&D ointment and it seemed like it was taking forever.  I found out about Weleda Calendula Diaper Care from my German Doula and bought some and it was amazing.  It cleared the rash in about 3 days and it was a bad rash.  I am always going to use this. Every parent should have a bottle of this in their home.
432. This is a nice looking teal colored denture bath that is large enough to hold my partial denture. It measures about 2.9 x 3.5 x 3 inches and weighs only 2.2 ounces.  I like the color and the design. I use to have a denture bath which looked similar to this except for the size. It was a little smaller but sturdier than this. I lost it on one of my trips and had to buy this one. This is a little larger but plenty of space. I am sure you can fit both lower and upper dentures. It has a drain basket to discard the wash solution after use, and I wash the bath manually under warm running water. I am satisfied with this purchase.
433. I'm a protein powder nut. I start off every day with a protein shake and I love trying new flavors and combinations of flavors to keep it from getting boring. Of all the proteins I've tried recently, this and the chocolate hazelnut version from the same brand have been some of my favorites flavor wise! Oh. My. Word. Yum. I seriously love the taste. It mixes smoothly and isn't gritty at all. My only complaint is that it's sweetened with sucralose. I'd prefer something a little more natural like stevia or monk fruit, but other than that, it's fantastic!
434. Didn't work out for me.- This thing is way too small. 16" in width and 9" in height barely covers the width of my back and I'm just an average size person.- The straps they provide are not even close enough to  wrap around a standard chair to hold it in place.- After sitting less than 10 minutes, my back is so sore.
435. These are awesome. Since I dont take baths, I don't get the aromatic benefits of bath bombs but these let me have a bomb without the bath. Each lasted 2 showers for me but I kept it off to the side so it dissolves slower.Love the scents...not too overwhelming but just subtle enough to enjoy it.
436. Even though it's coated, I still had a hard time threading this through some of the gaps in my teeth. It was too thick to get through in places, and it shredded. I have very sensitive teeth and gums and only Glide has managed to work for me, so someone else with different sensitivities may like this brand.
437. They start out kinda hard but quickly soften and are easy to chew. Very sweet in my opinion.Will probably buy again.
438. My dear old husband has such thin skin, he gets little cracks on his fingertips.  These have been a real help.
439. This is just one of MANY at-home tests out there.I actually have experience with a similar test – my mom’s A1c test that is sent every few months. In fact, she got one just a few days before I posted this review.This works IDENTICAL to that one.Each has:✉️ Pre-paid mailer to send back💉 Lancets (at least 3)🧼 Alcohol Prep Pad🩸Card for blood droplets📃 Instructions☣️ Bio-Hazard bag for sample card🩹 Band-aid(s) for afterThe idea is simple – prep the card (with the sticker and fill out info), wash hands, prick fingers, droplets on card, wait until it dries, package it up, mail within a certain amount of time.As for the accuracy …My mom’s A1c was pretty accurate when done this way.This allergy test? I was a bit surprised by the results – no to nuts, which I thought I had an issue with. Turns out – maybe not. Goat cheese (feta) – no allergy there. STRONG reaction to goat’s milk. That’s interesting, but I wouldn’t doubt it.The cost? Under $150, probably comparable to a lab if you don’t have insurance.It is from a certified lab and the results are viewed by a physician. I wouldn’t use it to self-treat, but it isn’t bad to know what’s going on.
440. I was looking for small bandages and could only find them in boxes of assorted sizes - the other sizes I did not need.  These small bandages work great.  They cover small cuts, wounds, etc.  They are easy to apply and adhere well.  They also can be removed easily.  I had no reason to contact the seller since the package came within a couple of days.  No problems with the shipment.  I will reorder as I need them.
441. Made my economy flight a lot more bearable. Great piece!
442. Middle age causes thinning hair and so does a thyroid problem. I've used a hair regrowth shampoo for 4 years, but it hasn't helped my lashes and eyebrows. This will be an internally ingested product to give me the thickness I miss in those areas. It doesn't have a lot of calories and hasn't made me grow a mustache! I got it at a reduced rate to review it and I know it won't change the color of my eyes the way some of the site-applied products will.
443. Used in athletic footwear that can get pretty smelly.  This stuff really does seem to do the job effectively.  I've tried other products but this one works best for us.  Easy to spray, no lingering odor.
444. Only use 2 tubes but works well.
445. The loofah is very thick. It does not fit nicely in my hand and you need to put a lot of soap on it to get it soapy. Since it's so thick it takes a very long time to dry, much longer than my last one. If it doesn't dry well it will start to grow mold and smell. I would not recommend getting these.
446. Used these for multiple events during Covid to ensure no one touching cupcakes and offering contact free favors for a drive thru shower. I tried adding a cupcake topper in the container and it got a little squashed but make them smaller (topper) and it’s perfect. We put the topper on the top outside of the container and it was still so cute! All closed well and were sturdy. Very pleased with this purchase (we used Sam’s club cupcakes)
447. Perfect replacement part For my waterpik. Couldn’t live without this essential teeth cleaner.
448. These are not really cheap, but they do last a long time.  The scent is gentle, but it drifts through a large space.  We love them!
449. Decent tasting olive oil that's good for cooking or using for salad dressing or however you like.
450. I haven't hung these yet but they are beautiful and seem to be well made.  Looking forwrd to hanging them this spring!
451. I think I love it.  Having done research on edema, swelling of the feet and legs, I am trying this for circulation.  So far, shortly after taking this supplement, I find a slight reduction of the swelling.  Hopefully, as I continue to use this, am hopeful that it will improve.  Will also be trying other ways to help this problem.
452. Terrible manufacturing.  Leaks at the sink connection.  Hose is extremely flimsy and kinks if you bend it more than a bit.  Head snaps together and falls apart if you push water through beyond a trickle.Not worth the $4 to return so I'll toss it.  Very disappointed.
453. Awesome product, super quick shipping!
454. I have allergies and it is great
455. I bought this and the bracelet, and cannot say if either worked.  Neither is washer and dryer safe and the light grey gets dirty very easily.  So it sits on the bathroom counter. I felt no difference with or without it.
456. I like this collagen. I take it in morning and seems to do what it’s su to.
457. Not the tastiest but not nasty either.  I really like this and feel its effects right away.  I breathe better, my wounds are healing, my chest is clearingmy fluid is not retaining, kidney,urinary tract and bladder infections are now just distant memories.  Sorry I'm not balding 'cause I know this would fix it.Seriously though, this has many uses for different problems so give it a try!
458. I've used Vectra for carpets And for shoesbags and I won't wear a pair of new shoes or boots until I've treated with this stuff. Leave suede texture as it should be and no being afraid of a bit of rain. Swear by the stuff and the carpet Vectra works just as well.
459. I love the fact that I can use this cage for my dog or cat! It’s easy to put together and Carrie.
460. It's really soft and easy to use. Also works right away and effectively.
461. I take D3 and K2 every day.  I hate taking pills.  So, having both vitamins combined into 1 pill is such a bonus for me.Pills are small enough for me to swallow with ease.Nice size bottle that will last me for awhile.
462. I have been trying to build up my system with minerals in my water, but not too long ago, I had a bout with the runs- the kind that leave you feeling rather exhausted after a day of running to the bathroom.  I noticed that I was feeling very ill and weak the next day or two, then it dawned on me.  I thought I would try this..WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This stuff is thickened in a bottle which has a twist of raspberry flavoring added.  It is not sweet, just has a raspberry essence.  There is no sweetener, and the dropper has measuring lines on it.HOW TO USE THIS?I was so run down when I got thinking about it, I remembered- you can easily get dehydrated when having "the runs".  I immediately got out this electrolyte mixture and put a small amount of this (like.25) into a very large glass of water.  I drank it down as gradually as I could and then through the day I added more water.By the end of the morning, I was feeling TONS better.  This really did help me rehydrate and feel better after being wiped out.THE BOTTOM LINEThis is not hard to take, has just a bit of raspberry flavor, but does help me to rehydrate when I really need help.  I experienced relief greatly after having a bout with "the runs"  I plan to use a little bit now and then to continue to rehydrate this winter.MY RATINGFOUR STARS.  I love that this helped me through a rough patch when I needed hydration.  I am torn between five and four stars for review.  I am VERY glad there is not heavy sweetener in this like so many things have.  I also am kind of unclear on ingredients or this company.  I also experienced good from it so far, so I am leaving it at FOUR STARS, but REALLY IT IS FOUR AND A HALF.
463. Value for money = good hard durable case = basic supplies = getting used to the green color instead of the usual red with white cross or white with red cross.
464. This replaced a bulky beam balance scale that indicated different weights depending on where or how well the counter weights fit in the notches.  I don't have this problem with this scale.  You just get on and read the big numbers.  My wife hates to see her true weight for a change.  Not only is this scale accurate, it looks really nice.  We have it on a hardwood floor in our bedroom.  It takes up very little space.  For the price, you can't find another scale that looks and operates as good as this one.
465. Quality of the product is exceptional.  Very pleased with this purchase.
466. I can feel the pulsing in my hand I get when I hold moldavite so I can say it's real. It is a small piece great for someone who has never used it before it can be intense. I have a bout a four gram piece I carry around in my pocket. When I added this to the bag I felt light headed from just one extra gram. That is how strong this stone is a little goes a long way.
467. I have tried the Biosmooth for many months and I have had no results. My condition is getting worst.
468. I like how easy it is to use and how quick I got relief after using it for a few days.  This is my second one in 8 years, not built to last long but good results for the price.
469. My doctor recommended these and a I’ve been taking them for a couple of years. GNC has great items at reasonable prices. I recommend!
470. This was a really low quality toothbrush.  It is very cheaply made and felt like only a few bristles on the brush.  Really disappointed in the quality.
471. these are so low quality, the broke in pieces right after I put them on, leaving me with just nails in my shoes
472. These reusable paper towels are quite strong even when wet.  They make light work of messes and can be used over and over.  The texture is good for scrubbing dried on food off of the stove and counters.  I really like them.I do wish they had other color choices.
473. UPDATE: After this review the company reached out to me to try and help “make things right” (my phrasing). I appreciate this kind of customer service, told them they did not have to, but if they wanted, the size was not working for meus. They sent my a 23rd version - the kind I do use. It has arrived, looks very similar to the one in the pics for the 34 version, and I tried it in several shoes. I already had my regal shoes set, so tried my dress shoes and 2 pairs of casual. I did eventually find 2 pairs these work with - frustratingly, many of the shoes to not allow me to take out the inserts, so adding anything makes the too tight. But these did work in the two pairs and were fine. So, I appreciate the customer service and that these 23rds inserts do work for me. They are fairly “hard” in that you will feel the support. For my needs it’s fine - I have to have a good level. They fit and did not stretch the shoes like the longer ones did, that too is very helpful. Overall I think these are going to work better for me - I’ve not tried my wife’s shoes yet - so I’m glad they reached out. For their customer service and because I can use them and they give good support, I have increased the original 3 stars to 5. The original review is below.This Plantar Fasciitis Pain Relief Orthotics - Arch Support 34 Insoles is not going to work out for us. I got them for myself, but when they did not work for me, my wife tried them, and they do not work for her either.I also realized: I have 3 sets of 23 inserts that I’ve come to really like. I messed up when getting these - I misread the 34 instead of 23. Therefore, these are longer. Figured I’d give them a try and it would be not much different. It is. The longer set up of the arch support does not work in our shoes.PROS:I like the weight - it is lightweight and does not add to the weight of the shoeI like the bottom - it is actually rather comfortableI like the cushion feelI like the support - overall it seemed like it would be a good level of supportHaving a need for arch support I find that what I need varies from shoe to shoe (pairs). I also use them in a range of shoe types: gym, dress, hiking, etc. So figuring out the type and style of insert isn’t always easy. I use an expensive full insert on my regular shoes - need the consist support. The other side is, I don’t want to pay that much for inserts for certain shoes I only wear from time to time. So, why not move a set of inserts from shoe to shoe? With 23 pairs is it possible and I’ve been successful.Now that I realize the 34 ARE different enough as to alter things - I will not get another pair of 34. They do not work for my shoes.If I could get these in a 23 length I would really like them - I’m pretty sure at least.CONS:At this length they are too wide at the toe end - they actually push out on the sides of the shoes.I do not like where they end under the foot - it feels annoyingIn the end I am not comfortable on and do not like this 34 size. It does not feel comfortable under the foot. And the size at the top end closest to the toes is far too wide. I think what’s weird - compared to other shoes and inserts I have - you can see these are wider. I have “normal” rather than “wide” feet. I tried them in both gym shoes - pushed out visibly on the sides of the material. And on dress shoes - which for men are often shaped into a point - and there too you could these push out. I yanked them out quickly so as not to stretch the leather. These just to not work for me. It’s sad - I did like the feel of my foot in them - under the arch with it’s support - but that was all.
474. Expensive and did not work to remove the adhesive waterproof tape on my RV.Soent hours and the entire bottle & a razor blade but the adhesive was not budging from anything this product did. Subsequently bought goo gone and it was better in assisting in removal.very disappointed in this product.
475. Just what I expected.  Good price and great convenience to receive at home.
476. Great stuff, but too expensive..
477. This was perfect for an ice cream socialThe colorful flags and spoons add to the festivitiesI added names on the flags to personalize the desserts. Totally recommend this product
478. That is so weak and feel unsafe
479. It's a lot by volume.
480. We have a indooroutdoor shoo cat. We set this up today. I put her blanket from a patio chair in it...and coaxed her in. She loves It! It's 33° and we are in the shade. It's so important for our kitty to have shelter, when the shop is closed.Overall very good. The screw holes could take some work. A couple needed help to align. The door flaps are a joke. We didn't use ours, they fell off. I expect if we used some stick on Velcro they might. I put a piece of rigid polystyrene in the rear escape door. Win-win!
481. Although the grains in this formula say they're 100% organic, they don't say they're 100% gluten free and within a few days of  taking this formula, every night, about an hour after ingesting it, my head started itching...then my face, ears, my back. It got worse, night after night until one night I was awake all night long, scratching my head and face off...I realized it could only be the fiber causing this so I stopped taking it and the itching went away and the following night without taking it, I wasn't itching at all....  And the sad thing is that I liked everything about the product, the taste and the ease of taking it...and  it helped with giving me a good morning poop the first few days....however by the 5th day, I had diarrhea...and then gas and bloating and that kept getting worse.  I'm thinking there is something in this formula that contains gluten even though organic.  That's how my body reacts to eating gluten so I know this is not something I can tolerate...Just making anyone who is gluten intolerant aware that I suspect this product contains gluten although itclearly doesn't mention that it's gluten free.  I just assumed it would be..
482. Size is small, and not soft enough
483. Washes great
484. Very disappointed in the quality of the banner. The letters can barely be read. Would not recommend this product.
485. Lightweight and breathable.
486. Tons and cute
487. Cute and good quality for price. Pain in butt to put everything together! Make the poof balls, string the banner etc
488. Good product! I’ve been using it for about a year now.
489. This is a great set of glass files.  Super sharp and smooth to leave an outstanding finish on your nails.  Works very quickly and leaves such a smooth clean edge it is almost like you never even cut and filed them.  These also don't clog like traditional files do.  I know professional manicurist use glass files to produce  super results and these produce those same result.  Love that these can be washed off and no worries about rusting.  With proper care these should last a lifetime.
490. Loved the bracelet, the small fit was exactly right for my wrist and looks very pretty
491. I've used many different whitening pens and decided to try this product. I liked it better than most because of the thickness of gel.  But after just a week the tip came off, I put it back on but realized it was empty.  I was like..what?...I used it the same as any of the others I have purchased and this ran out much faster.  Likely I bought two so I had a backup but unless the amount of gel in the product changes I will not repurchase.
492. I love this eye mask. It is very soft and very comfortable to wear.
493. Im soglad i got this electric razor. In the package it says it is for men, but this works great for me. I tried it dry on my legs and did a great job. It doesnt irritate my legs even when they were dry. I love this comes with a storage case. And i like it show the battery life so i know when to charge it.
494. I literally just got these in the mail today and have been wearing them for all of 37 minutes.  This review may not be in its final form.Since diving head first into my 40s, I've discovered arch support and foot comfort is everything. I bought these thinking I could wear them around the house in my Woolrich slippers.  So far, so good.I'm posting photos of how much I had to cut these down to fit. I added an arch support insert, then put these on top.  My feet aren't pushed and falling out of the slipper, but I can tell they're not quite as snug as they were before the modifications.I'll update this, if I remember, in the future.(Haflinger slippers are supposed to have the best slipper arch support, so I got a pair.  Meh. Not very high support. Would be good for people who don't need a lot. I think I'm going to enjoy these FrankenSlippers much better. Really, I wear Vionic around the house when it's not freezing cold outside.)
495. I'm buying this again. It really whitens my teeth and I like it on my face (I use it at night when I think of it),  I drink alot of pop throughout the day and the dentist says, &#34;with all the pop you drink, how can you never have cavities?&#34;To people who can't get it out of  the bottle, mine thickened with age. I put it with the lid still on, inside a coffee mug and let very hot water run on the outside of the bottle. It was still a little difficult to get out, but it comes out! Don't waste a drop of this precious stuff!
496. Now these glasses are the best ones I've ever bought!!! Clear colorful perfect sight, gave a pair to my best friend and she loved them so it's a must have if you use reading glasses
497. The old ViraStop is now renamed Enzyme Defense. Seems to be very effective in heading off a cold. I just ordered more. Last night woke in middle of night with stuffed nose that had already started to run. I went to the kitchen and popped one capsule of Enzyme Defense and woke up with nasal passages cleared. The last cold I had resolved with Enzyme Defense in 4 days which is very unusual. Without ED my colds typically turn into bronchitis. Two hours after breakfast (needs to be on empty stomach) I am going to pop another cap.
498. Very nice product.  Skin feel clean and soft.  No harsh chemicals.
499. I can't tell the difference between this and the name brand (Vaseline) with regard to consistency, performance or any other factor. While generics sometimes are of lesser quality than the name brands, this is one of those cases where the generic is identical to the name brand, other than price.The uses for petroleum jelly are just about endless. In addition to the customary use as a skin protectorsoothing agentmoisturizer, it's great to have a tub of this at hand in the workshop for tasks such as lubricating o-rings or gaskets (or as a general lubricant for about anything). It's also great for sealing out moisture and keeping tools, such as gardening tools or mower blades, rust-free in the off season when they are not getting used.
500. This gel has strong amount of Epsom. It can be applied to any part of the body and massaged into the skin.One complaint is that it Must be rubbed in thoroughlycompletely, otherwise it leaves a white powder residue.
501. We were taking just the Lutein for our eyes and found this which has more beneficial ingreds for our "older" eyes :)  The Lutein helps a lot but didn't know that Vit A, Zinc, Taurine, etc, were helpful also.  Just switched and as always with vitamins & stuff..you always hope for true results!
502. Picture shown, shows it opens WIDE!  **It DOES NOT!**  I have 2 at home just like this.Sending back. Looks well made, but wanted  one with a WIDER OPENING.
503. This EO box is so well made and beautiful. It is displayed in my home like a piece of art. The only problem is I will have to buy a bigger box because this one is filling up fast!! Not really a problem, I will still use it! You will not be disappointed if you purchase a box from Aroma outfitters. Oh and it was carefully packaged!
504. I have reviewed a LOT of blue-light blocking reading glasses and I can easily say these are the best so far.  They are light weight and so easy and comfortable to wear.  I have a very sensitive and narrow nose bridge and I've been wearing a pair of these glasses for several hours now with absolutely no problem.  The lenses are clear and non-distorting.  They come with soft cases and cleaning cloths.  The frames seem to be well-built and sturdy.  There is absolutely nothing negative I can find to say about them.
505. There are videos on the web that show how to use this product. The instructions included are not in English. I found there were two problems. The piece is bent nearly in half when received, (not straight like the picture shows)and resists straightening. The easy fix: hold it under hot water and reshape it into a straighter, more pliable form. The 2nd problem: the looped ends would not hold together. They kept slipping open. The looped ends are too smooth. So,I very carefully roughened up the inside surfaces of the loops using a pair of scissors. I did not snip at it; I cut shallow gouges into the surface, like serrations, so the looped ends wouldn't just slide open. Then I set about practicing pulling my ponytail through the center of the bun hair tool as shown in the instructional video I found on the web; I pulled the tool nearly to the end of the ponytail, then rolled it upward, like a huge curler. You loop the ends together when you reach your head. The tool stays together forming a circle; you move your hair around to cover the exposed parts of the tool--no big problem there. I have very heavy, thick, wavy  curly hair, so I wet my hair before using the tool to make the bun. Just practice. Don't give up--for the money it's a wonderful thing. When searching for the video, just use the name of the product as your search words.
506. This is such a great value, 25 oz.  I have tried other ACV tonics which I liked a lot but this is very different.  I like that it is low carb, 3G per serving. Perfect for keto. This one was very different though, I think because of the fruits juices in the formula.  The flavor is really good although I have to dilute it a little with water because of the ACV strength.  I also like the potential health benefits of the other ingredients too. I will probably buy this again. Very happy with this product.
507. Tips in shpowerHad to go but a stronger oneThis one is dangerios
508. They fit on my stethoscope.
509. Would purchase this again
510. When you have eye fatigue, headaches, sinus pressure that makes your eyes hurt, this little compress that puts steam and heat on your eyes can help. There are times that my sinuses get so bad, I have sharp pain right behind my eyeball. This seems to help
511. As of now I don't like this at all, I mean, I liked the design and the price but it got moldy in just 3 days. I cleaned up the mold (soaked in vinegar) and the next day it got moldy again, the brush itself turned black. It does not lay in water, I hang it.I chose to give it the benefit of the doubt and ordered a replacement, maybe I just got a bad one.
512. Great little boxes for Xmas gifts.  I bought to put homemade Christmas ornaments in and give as gifts.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a simple box for gifts, and no dealing with wrapping paper.
513. I have been aking turmeric curcumin with bioperine for several years... along the way, I have been trying all different brands, and am not loyal to a specific brand.This product is comparable to other brands out there with the MGs and capsule size. I really like that these are made with organic ingredients and no fillers. They do smell strongly of turmeric in the bottle but im happy to say they don't taste like anything or do not burp up any taste. They are gentle on my stomach when I take them in the morning on an empty stomach and are easy to swallow.Not sure why they are packaged in a plastic bag, to me that is wasteful. Love the name by the way! 120 capsules of good quality turmeric curcumin with bioperine for under $20 is a great value!
514. i only use a few times
515. The mask is comfortably soft. The ear loops do not hurt. It fits me perfectly and I think I have the average facial size. The only downside is my sweat pools inside the mask. One could still consider that a plus if one wants a lack of breathability. Reasonably-priced and I am glad I recognized the photo of the house where the package was delivered, my neighbor's house, so I went over to pick it up myself.
516. Packaging was fantastic, the lemon smell is great you can smell the sent coming right out of the bottle without  opening it. I use it to put in my hair products and facial mask.
517. Good & trusted brand.  No flavor.  Easy to consume straight or mix in water or coffee.  No magic results of course, but good for cells and especially intestinal permeability issues.  I tend to have issues holding on to trace minerals and these acids are unlike others found in other formulas.  The two together are supposed to be excellent for healing inflammatory disorders.  No complaints or regrets here.
518. These are great wipes for on the go! I keep some in my purse, some in my car, and some on my kitchen counter. I love the fresh clean scent of these wipes. They smell great and and work great for.even the biggest messes. I'm on baby number 2 and we go through a lot of wipes. So far these smell and work the best. I was pleasantly surprised that they are gentle and do not irritate my kids skin since they are both quite sensitive.
519. I love the idea.Unfortunately, that idea really isn't realized here.I purchased these thinking I could replace earplugs for noisy neighbors, but I can easily hear everything and it didn't work out.However, the reason I really don't like this is that it also doesn't work for what it is.The speakers don't stay put, so if you move around at all, you will find that the speakers are no longer on your ears, causing either not enough sound or imbalanced sound.So unless  you're the type of sleeper that lays down and doesn't move an inch for eight hours, these simply don't function for their intended use.
520. It really looks cute but, it has a strong plastic odor and the entire unit gets very hot only after 4 minutes  which is  a concern . Also the box was torn so, maybe it’s been opened? I am returning this product and sorry that I cannot recommend it .  GREAT !!  Amazon customer  service  keep up the good work!
521. Simply put, the head strap is too short.  I would not buy again.  Otherwise, mask is ok.
522. Have been using P21S on my Corvettes for years... Great product that shows well every time
523. I will always have one of these handy.  I bought 3 of them.  They are that good.
524. I have issues with severe pain at night down my legs due to damage from a local tower which has caused many issues with many people.  I need to have some good sources of pain relief topically so I can sleep at night.HOW THIS COMESThis comes in a tube.  You take off th seal and then you use the flip top to dispense the cream.TEXTUREThis cream is very thin and it can easily be squeezed out too quickly if you are not careful.  Once applied, it is not sticky or tacky and absorbs in pretty quickly.SMELLThere is a minty menthol smell, but it is not too bad compared to some creams.DOES IT HELP?I get about an hour or two of relief after using this.  I primarily use this at night and it does help me sleep a bit.  It does not seem to work longer than two hours tops, but I am thankful for anything.THE BOTTOM LINEThis cream helps me get an hour or two of relief at night from pretty intense pain.  It does not burn or give me problems but is a bit thin so you have to be cautious.MY RATINGFOUR STARS.  If this was just a little bit thicker, it would be easier to use.  Other than that, it is pretty good stuff.  It is too expensive to waste by spilling out by accident.
525. I have worn contacts for 20 years now. Wow! And tried many lense brands from acuvue oasis, air optic, acuvue 2, dailies, freshlook colored (teenage years). You get the picture I have sampled a few.Also with that I have probably tried every solution available. Opti-free, bio true, complete, re-nu. It wasnt until a optometrist  appointment about 6 years ago I was introduced to this stuff. The doctor said I had an "eye allery" and advised I should switch to this cleaner.I do not believe I had said "eye allergy" or needed the prescription medication I took. But I did and bought this while checking out with my medicine. I havent used another brand since. This stuff is great! But needs to be used with care. I have had my fair share of red eye situations...it is painful.In my experience when I have had this happen, it was my own innocence that got me there. This product has a great instruction manual and covers almost everything. What they dont say is if you over fill past the line, the poroxide with bubble out of the top pin hole all over your case. Think of a volcano erupting. The lava running out the top.and down the sides. The same happens if the case is too full.So when you unscrew the case you have essentially coated those fingers in poroxide. And if your like me, those same fingers are used to insert your contacts. So you sre basically putting poroxide onto your contact and into your eye.Make sure to discard the solution in the case as soon as you have removed your contacts. Do not reuse.The product is great and it allows me to wear my acuvue lenses for 2 weeks comfortably. They feel like a fresh pair after every cleaning. I will only use.thid solution for sanitizing my contact lenses.
526. Oh my!  I found this to be like drinking pancake syrup it was so thick and sweet.  I have since started diluting it in about 6 oz. of water.  I can't really tell if it helps with recovery or not.  I play a lot of competitive tennis and sometimes come off the court absolutely whacked.  The next time that happens I'll try this protein drink again and see if it helps with energy recovery.  Until then I'm giving it 3 stars.
527. I ground the corn with my kitchen aide attachment and turned it into the best cornbread we have ever eaten.
528. These are fine for scrubbing your body: One side is soft, the other side coarse. I use the soft for face and skin. I use the coarse for my feet. Trying to get more away from plastic in our lives. I have small hands and am able to hold it fine.
529. This stuff works great!  Helps clean out the coffee pot and keeps it brewing well!
530. I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it. It works great!
531. Have been using since I thoroughly cleaned a mini split to shine up inside it for a half hour or so a day.
532. Very cool it comes with 4 thooth bushes so you can share and they are numbered so they wont get mixed up with your kids toothbush either. My theeth feel nice and shiny clean after I bush with this bush.
533. This lemon balm supplement liquid tastes a little like an herbal coffee. I took it at around 9 pm and by 9:30 I was feeling very emotionally calm. The easy-to-use single serving tubes are also handy. You just snap off the lid and drink the contents. So if you are looking for something to help you relax this might work for you. Of course consult with your doctor before taking any supplements.~The Rebecca Review
534. While I really like this design in some ways, the sponge is somewhat difficult to remove and replace because it is dense and likewise never seems to dry out because it is so dense. The sponge appears to be made from cellulose. The idea is that you squirt liquid soap onto the side with holes that lead down to the sponge. This creates a reservoir of soap that can be released when you squeeze the sponge. The soft silicone bristles feel nice on the skin. There is a slit in the bottom of the silicone casing where you can pull the sponge out. I initially tried hanging this bath brush in an airy spot with the sponge inside, but the sponge hadn't dried at all after 24 hours. I pulled the sponge out and put it in an airy spot, but it still took two days to dry out. So, if you use this every day, it's never going to dry out and will probably start to mold.I like the size as it is easy for me to hold while using. The side that doesn't have holes has projections that are a little stiffer and rougher, presumably get rid of dead skin or stubborn dirt. There is a loop for hanging or to put over your wrist when using it. The scrubber can be used without the sponge by squirting the soap on the bristles, but the scrubber doesn't hold its shape well without the interior sponge and so is more difficult to hold. I'm thinking of trying to find a softer, easier to squeeze sponge that might fit in this. The main body of the scrubber is 5" long by 3" wide by 1.75" deep. Made in China.
535. i do like the organic extracts in general ,the price of this product was nice packing was great ,no leaks my mom used it and she's happy with it , smells nice and the density of it was nice as she said.
536. Found the same mil-spec kit on the Bay for same price - WITH two Quick clot combat gauze packs.  Dates were still good, too.  Shop around to find what you really need!
537. OMRON DIGITAL BLOOD PRESSURE THERMAL PRINTER PAPER FOR HEM 705CP.I AM HAPPY WITH THIS ORDER AND THE PRICE IS WORTH IT.  IT WORK WELL WITH MY BLOOD PRESSURE MACHINE.  I USE IT EVERYDAY. I  WILL RECOMMEND  IT TO OTHER FRIENDS AND FAMILY.REBECCA
538. My work shoes get really smelly. This product helps keep them from being offensively smelly. It's not a permanent fix, you'll have to reapply it. But it works.
539. The rope style of this cotton makes it ideal for wicking a mesh build. It works much better than pad cotton, cotton bacon, or other rope style cotton (such as the Fantasea cotton on Amazon). It can get packed tightly against the mesh to prevent hot spots, but still wicks very well.It can also be used for pretty much any other wicking situation but there's no significant difference between this and other cottons for those situations. But for mesh, this stands out as an ideal wick.It's more expensive than the Fantasea cotton rope, but the performance gain is worth it.
540. This scale works quite well and I'm very pleased with it.
541. Perfect for my project!
542. Item as expected, hoping they’d be a little heavier.
543. While I really like this product, this is the second time I got only 6 pieces in a box.  The boxes are not sealed so who knows where the seventh piece is!
544. Cramp reliever is great. Husband swears by it. Taste horrific though. Have something handy. Works very fast and comes jjkvr@hotmail.com st as quickly in the mail.
545. Read how to find the right size for you, and you'll get a comfortable fit. I got this brace for a weak knee, and while it offers support and stability I feel it could provide more. The stays in the sides could be stiffer. My knee randomly buckles and is overall weak due to nerve damage, so I need something that has a little more support. Overall though, it seems to be a good brace.
546. Cannot adjust steam flow. Steam stops coming out even at high water level. Arm of steam not adjustablemoveable. Only the whole thing raises and lowers. The magnifying mirror is useless in its position and not very magnified.Update: It has now stopped working! After only 4 uses! Now it just spits out water rather than blowing out steam.
547. Thank You.
548. This product is not cheap but when shipped in a proper spray bottle it does the trick. Smells fresh and smooth. I should have returned it but wasn’t worth the time when I considered all of the other things I had to accomplish, such as coming up with a minimum 100 words to leave this comment. Based on my experience, buy the travel size bottle if you’re female and under the age of 15 and over 50. Otherwise it’s a frustrating loosing battle.
549. I have thick frizzy curly hair. This brush didn't work at all for me.  I wouldn't recommend this. Takes more work then a curling iron or straightener.
550. My optician recommended this brand for my hybrid contact lenses. I have used it for about 5 years without any problem. I did once try to Hydroglide option but was unable to use it. It left a sticky residue on my lenses and actually decreased my wearing time. But we are all different, so I would suggest that you confer with your practitioner before choosing any particular brand or formula.
551. I'm not sure that this brush should be advertised as exfoliating. The bristles are very soft. I would have like a firmer brush; but that's one of the problems of shopping on line. You cannot examine the merchandise before purchasing.
552. It has been a tough winter.  We have barely seen the sun for weeks at a time.  That has a tendency to make a person cranky and feeling more tired than normal.  I have been trying to get more fresh, raw, and green into my body to help counteract this winter problem.  Let's take a look at this..WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This is a pretty large foil sealed bag of barley juice powder.  Notice it says JUICE.  That is essential when you are taking barely green.  Some people think that buying ground up barlely greens is just as good- it isn't.  This is very bright green and smells VERY fresh.HOW DO I USE THIS?I do not put this into things, but I prefer to get some refrigerator cold water, put it in my tiny cordless blender, and put a teaspoon of this powder in.  I run it for one cycle which is barely a minute, and then I have the most luscious fresh green drink you can get without fresh greens.  There is a lovely layer of foam on it and it tastes heavenly.DOES IT REALLY TASTE THAT GOOD?I must preface this by saying that I have had varieties of green powders, fresh green drinks including fresh wheatgrass and kale smoothies.  I know what fresh juice from many greens tastes like as I have made them from time to time.  This powder is one of the best I have had since the days when I used to take Green Magma from Japan, which was one of the original barley juice powders.HOW DOES THIS COMPARE TO WHEATGRASS?This has a sweetness that is not quite as intense as wheatgrass juice is.  It is easier to drink in my opinion than wheatgrass.DOES IT MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE?I will say that using barley juice powder helps a lot to add energy to my day, helps me to sleep better and it does tend to detox.  I would recommend you start with a half teaspoon at first if you are not used to this kind of product.  Work up to a teaspoon.  It also does keep me regular and not feeling quite so wiped out in times of stress.DID I GET A DETOX REACTION?I eat really healthy, do I did not get a detox reaction, but I also made sure to start with half a teaspoon and work up to a teaspoon.  It is important to go slowly with this as it can be a bit much if you are not used to it.THE BOTTOM LINEThis has given me energy, a more positive outlook, helped me feel supplemented, and definitely is helping me through winter very well compared to not having it  This tastes fresh and makes a wonderful drink.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  I will be buying this again.  I stopped getting barley juice powder because I just could not find a really good quality one.. until now.  (grins).
553. Best product ever for cleaning shower doors.  It is simple to use & there are no spray fumes to inhale.  My clear shower doors remain clear for months after using Brite & Clean with just daily scrape downs using a squeegee.  I've been purchasing from my local True Value store, but am thrilled to see it's available on line.  I've gifted it to friends because it is that good.
554. This is the Boswellia Serrata variety of Frankincense. I regularly use the Boswellia carteri variety but have had a quality Boswellia serrata many years ago. This doesn't smell like I remember it, though it does smell pleasant. I also have a small bottle of Boswellia serrata from another brand that does smell like I remember. I don't know; this just smells sweet and like a perfume. I'm willing to accept that there might be some frankincense essential oil in this, but I feel doubtful about the claim that's all that in it (especially at $16 for nearly 4 fl. oz., now that I noticed the low pricing). I guess I'll use it as an air fragrance or like they suggest in soaps or bath bombs.
555. Filter gets cleaner.
556. Very good quality fish oil. I use it myself and give it to my kids too.
557. You blow your nose into it, and throw it away. It's soft, and durable, also great for cleaning your glasses in a pinch.
558. Amazing, compact, powerful
559. This is the first time I ever tried a shower steamer and I am not impressed. There are six steamers in this package. Each tablet is the size of a hockey puck but half the size. I elevated this tablet in the shower and let the steam and water droplets hit it. It slowly dissolved and fizzed and leaked an electric pink color all over my tub that (thankfully) washed away with little effort.I have the nose of a bloodhound and I could barely detect any scent. I then decided to dissolve this in the bottom of my shower as if it were a bath bomb. I still barely detected a fragrance. Why anyone would use something like this is beyond me, especially when very little fragrance is present. I already wash my hair and soap up my body with very fragrant shampoo and bath soap, so there is no need for a steamer in my shower.Nevertheless, I spent several minutes dissolving this in the shower after I finished washing and there was still very little scent.  These are not for me. However, I do feel they would be more effective as bath bombs because they fizz and one will be closer to the action to get more of the scent.At the current price of $9.99 for six tablets, this comes to a slightly pricey $1.67 per steamer.
560. I love these files
561. This is a nice set for a kiddo. I say that because it smelled sweet and fruity more than flowers and wow did it color the water. LIKE ALOT.Great skin softening too.
562. This is the only detergent that can tackle my gym clothes for the week and doesn't cause skin issues. I have very sensitive skin and have 0 problems with BLZ. I keep it on auto-ship.
563. I feel a bit better and sleep better... will update later on.
564. Terrible smell to the tissues.
565. It's ok, it's hard to keep it snug enough to the feet and even then doesn't get as hot as I'd like. Then there's the whole tipping the scales on the magnetic fields reading on my Trifield EMF meter issue...seems like the payoff isn't good enough for the risk.
566. These cleaning gloves worked fine. I like that they were so big because they covered a lot of my hands. I had been using disposable and they always broke, so it is nice to have something that stays nice. They seemed pretty durable and strong. I plan to use them again and again. I was pleased with quality. I would recommend them.
567. I have a larger than average size face with a little facial hair. This mask fits and covers very well. My only complaint is that it forces my ears down. I would prefer a mask that does not rely on my ears to stay on. That seems to be impossible to find, at least on Amazon.
568. Have not had it very long but seems to be working. Tightens your mussels,easy to use.Just wish the direction were a little better. This is worth the money.Good luck lady's.
569. Just what was needed for the bridal dollar dance at my son's and new DIL's wedding.  Arrived quickly.  Good quality for the price.
570. These chia seeds are very good quality, with a nice, fresh taste to them and a good crunch. I use a lot of Bob's Red Mill's products, and have always been satisfied with their quality and performance. This is no exception.Chia seeds can be used in numerous ways, and have an excellent nutritional profile. I've been using these mainly as an egg substitute with very good results. Just soak 1 tablespoon of chia seeds in 3 tablespoons of water for 10 min (longer is better) and use it in place of eggs in baked goods. In addition to acting as a binding agent, the seeds provide a very gentle crunch that I find very appealing.The only quibble I have is that the included set of measuring spoons is pretty cheaply made. It's not a reflection on the chia seeds themselves, but it's odd that such a cheap set would be included.That aside, zero complaints. The chia seeds are fresh, tasty, packaged well, and one of those good-for-you foods that actually is appealing to use. Five stars.
571. Hairdryer is small and very compact. Good for guest room and my guest live it. Takes up little space and drys fast.
572. There is a molded plastic button on top which would indicate it may be in on switch, but this does not have a motor and does not vibrate. The bristles are short and ineffective on thick hair. It includes a cut comb, but does not work as advertised.**  If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
573. I like that this mask is soft  , has a pocket and isadjustable with neck loop. I folded a Kleenex to get the filter effect, ...maybe No static charge though...
574. This preworkout really works. I don’t like the taste but if you can get over that it will definitely give you more energy and will to go for longer periods of time. I really like it.
575. This is a great product. Very versatile. It’s wonderful for independent use especially as a woman but it’s also great to use as a couple and I’m sure a male could have a lot of fun with it alone too. Material is a good smooth silicon texture and the remote is a hard plastic. Highly recommend.
576. Pills tend to get stuck in there so have to do it a couple times at times and my cat not super happy but I like the small design with the loops for more control and if I can get the pill to go first time it’s perfect!
577. enjoyed the brush overall. Nice firm bristles like I was looking for. Beautifully long handle. My only "meh" moment the handle part fell out a few times. It doesn't exactly snapclick in precicsely like most plastic ones at the store where you know its locked in place.  It kinda fits organically so depending on how well you have it lined up, how hard you shove and how well your groove is made to line up. I got in there pretty good and it hasn't fallen off again but I feel like it could at anytime with use.
578. This product does work very well, but as others have mentioned the taste of the wintergreen is so strong and it takes a long time to dissolve. I broke each one into 4 places, it is much easier to handle in smaller pieces. I was trying to find something that would work as well and Nature Made Vitamelts relax tablets that contained the same amount of L-Theanine.  I worked at a grocery and sold lots of the vitamelts before they were discontinued and I think if they had been marketed to use to relax to go to sleep instead of to calm you down in the day the product would still be on the shelves.
579. I’m Female,  fingers size 6 ring. It fit my thumb fine. But fell off my index finger several times while trying to brush teeth. It’s way too big for my finger. Also a bit too big for dogs mouth. Can’t get to back teeth.Says it’s .82” diameter. I do like that it comes with a case.I solved the too big for my index finger problem by wrapping a rubber band around the base and securing it to my finger. It’s just for a couple minutes and not too tight that it cuts off my circulation.  So I’ll make it work.
580. These are nice, easy to swallow little pills. They are quite small so even people who struggle to swallow pills shouldn't have too much trouble with them. I appreciate the fact that these are made with coconut oil to aid absorption. I've been trying to increase my vitamin D levels after several doctors have come out with studies suggesting that people with higher levels of vitamin D tend to not get as sick if they catch Covid-19. It's not going to hurt anything so it's definitely worth a try! I live in the mid-west where the winters can be pretty brutal, so I don't get outside much, as a result my vitamin D levels aren't as high as they could be. My only disappointment is that after I ordered these vitamins I found a bottle that has an entire years worth of vitmain D in the same dosage, same small pills, also liposomal and also made with coconut oil, but it was an entire years worth for only a couple dollars more, so these definitely aren't the best deal out there.
581. Not close to fitting or being secure.Everything wobbled and fell off tray.Not a good option.
582. Bought last year to have a cozy, warm electric throw in the living room.  It's well made, cozy and warm. A quality product.
583. I use this every day,if your into Ayurvedic lifestyle this is a must.
584. they do not stay on
585. The cling wrap works great - just like name brand.  The box it comes in is cr*p and wants to fall apart.  I haven't had it long enough to see how well it decomposes in my compost heap but if it remains in it for long I will update this review.
586. This pump is more comfortable and will go unnoticed. This allows you to easily pump anywhere and at anytime. It has 3 modes which are expression Mode, two-in-one Mode, and dual-frequency mode and 7 levels so you get the one that works best for you. It has a LED display that allows you to see the screen clearly day or night. The motor isn't loud so it won't wake your spouse or child. It has anti backflow so don't continimate the milk. It has different sized breast shields so you can choose what works best it has 21mm, 24mm and 28mm shields.
587.  Included in the package is one sound and LED light ball with 3 AG3  LR41 1.5V batteries also installed. There are also 6 other replacement batteries included and one screwdriver to open the battery compartment for replacement.All I had to do is pull out the plastic tab on the battery compartment and press the on button. Once that is done, the ball lights up with alternating red, yellow, green, and blue lights and it chirps like a bird (see video). It did not sound like a mouse to me. It runs for about 12 seconds and goes silent until the cat moves it and the cycle repeats.My three cats lost interest immediately. I kept moving the ball for them but they eventually just walked way from it. I think this would be good for kittens but I doubt full grown cats will be enticed.The two pictures show my one cat losing interest. In the last picture my cat Ricky is walking away. I took the video the moment I gave it to my cats so there was some interest for a few seconds.
588. I’ve had other brands that worked just fine. These would not stick with the glue for some reason. Lashes would NOT stick. I thought that the grooves would make it easier to stick the lashes but I think it actually makes them harder to stick.
589. Like some other reviewers I don't like wearing a wrist watch. Especially in the summer. I often get out my phone to check the time, but this can sometimes be a problem at times. This solves that problem. I attached to my pants so that the face reaches in side the coin pocket so its easy to get to. Keeps accurate time and is easy to read.
590. Sorry, not as presented.
591. I watch lots of skincare videos. Massage is a key step to increase blood circulation, naturally lift lax skin, increase collagen production and help products penetrate deeper. This massager has three different modes with three intensity levels for each. The cleansing mode warms skin and helps open pores for deep cleaning. The iontophoresis mode is ideal to use with a sheet mask to increase circulation and improve elasticity. The transmission mode uses red light to brighten skin, reduce fine lines and wrinkles, encourage collagen production and increase product penetration. Use this mode after applying your entire skincare routine. Each cycle runs for four minutes before the auto-shutoff is engaged. The unit doesn't operate unless the massage head is in full contact with skin. You may need to apply pressure for it to start. I highly recommend this device as part of a healthy aging skincare routine.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
592. Great Product, Great Company !
593. Exactly as described- no complaints! A good deal- perfect transaction!
594. the band that holds the glasses could be stronger
595. Love this for my class room
596. Have been using this chair for 5 months now and it's still very comfortable.
597. So I got them because of my knees.  I never had an injury or sugary or an operation or anything, just some joint pain. I liked the idea of all the ingredientssupplements it had in it.  But especially liked the herbs Ginger, Turmeric and Boswellia Serrate extract.  I have read many reports that say these natural compounds that can help to support a healthy inflammatory response. I am not sure what the other ingredients do like  chondroitin sulfate, glucosamine sulfate, and MSM. But I was not bothered by them either.  I do not know if taking this supplement will actually grow and strengthen my tendons as claimed, but I suppose to be fair it just says it "helps with".  I have a hard time remembering to take 3 pills a day, but to help feel better it is worth it.
598. great item...
599. All that’s missing is a hunk to clean the carpets for me.  Great can of spot remover!
600. These bars are awesome. Just warm them up in the microwave for about 12 seconds and they are melty and soft. I love that I can have something sweet that doesn't Spike my blood sugar. They're chewy but that causes them to work well on my appetite control because I've chewed so much I feel totally satisfied.
601. Dont know much about the plugs but that is the cutest voice I've ever heard!
602. simply the best, the size is huge, does not slide around and has a cutter.
603. Works fine
604. Dermend is a fantastic product, it works wonderfully
605. Buy! A bang for your buck.
606. I had one of these for years and lost it about a year ago.  I love it because these because I can put one in my car, one on my key chain and one in my pocket when not using my purse or keys.  Love these!
607. Nice products that fit the mop well and pick up dust well with the help of a little dust mop spray--especially the terrycloth.  The first order was delivered to the wrong door, and mop heads were stolen from box. Replacement re-order was quick and easy.
608. I can't say how thankful I am for this product. I began noticing a terrible "gassy" smell coming from one bathroom in our house. Only that one... so I knew that something must be wrong. Our septic tank isn't that old so I knew that it didn't need to be emptied either. I was excited to try this to see if it would help! Within HOURS of using it the first time, the smell was gone! This is something (I didn't know until now) that should be used every month or two to help break down toilet paper, bacteria and things like that in your septic tank! This product worked great for us and it was so simple to use!
609. Great smell. Not overpowering or chemical smelling. A great purchase
610. They are quite cute and colorful. They have not been laundered yet. But they seem to be a step up from other products.  They were a gift for my twin grandchildren so I'm sure I will know if they don't hold up. But I anticipate they will do fine after researching others.
611. The product works great, it fit the oxygen concentrator perfectly and gives moisture to the oxygen so that your nasal passages don't dry out as much.I use distilled water so that mineral deposits aren't made and breathed in or mess with the function of the machine.You unscrew the top off, add distilled water, screw the lid back on.Then you twist on the top small bolt with wings onto the oxygen device and make sure its secure, this will hold the bottle in place.After that attach the tubing to the cone shaped hole on the side of the lid.Oxygen will come in through the top of the cup, down the straw creating a Jacuzzi effect and air leaves the cup through the lid, side cone shaped hole.Hope this helps
612. I got these for my son’s tenth birthday. He loved them. They looked really nice hanging up and held up great for the whole day.
613. Makes it so much easier for those taking pills several times a day.
614. I just received my L-Glutamine yesterday so I've only used it once but I'm raving about it already.  I have a very sensitive stomach that is constantly inflamed.  I have recently gone off sugar and flour and that helps some.  But when I took my dose of L-Glutamine yesterday, my stomach was INSTANTLY SOOTHED.  I've never felt that before.  It didn't last all day but that was my first dose.  Even if I can get relief short term, I'm loving it.  My hope is that it will eventually help my stomach heal.
615. This is an oldie but goodie. Mami would be so happy to see I'm keeping it old school with my beautyhairhygiene products. The turn around delivery was ridiculously quick. Thank you Amazon the shipping on this was INCREDIBLE! YOU GUYS are full of surprises! I was NOT only not expecting this delivery until after the 22nd but it came OVERNIGHT! I'M sooo excited to get started. Thank you Again Amazon this package really made my day! Btw YESSS y'all this product is great to grow and strengthen your locks! It does not disappoint and a little goes a long way!
616. I have using this fish oil for years and would not think of switching.  It have very little taste of fish oil.
617. My 4yo had a saliva rash under his lower lip for nearly two months that wouldn’t go away. Pediatricians (two) recommended aquaphor and hydrocortisone cream, and neither worked to clear up his skin. The rash is gone after applying this lotion for two nights.
618. Disappointing that only 10 of the 20 pieces I received have an opening large enough for 30mm cabochons.  If you order these, make sure you have smaller cabochons on hand as well.Otherwise, this is a nice product.
619. great charger
620. Hate that I assumed by the reviews these would actually be a quality product... But the lint left after wiping and the weak quality of the Parent's choice line has left me disappointed. Equate, Pampers and Huggies are a far better value.
621. I love this!! Will buy again.
622. Love these
623. Many masks we have, the straps are are way to thick to use with these straps. I do like the clips, similar to a necklace clasp, which is more secure than many of the plastic clips other straps use, but we cannot use as extensively due to the narrow width.
624. One of the bottles was leaking when I opened my package but I was able to wipe the bottle down with no issues. The product itself works wonders on the dreaded yellow, breastfeed baby poop! I found that I had to use a little more product than anticipated to help ease the stain out but overall, happy with purchase. Also, Dreft products always smell amazing!
625. I have yet to find a comfortable travel neck pillow.  I was hoping this one would be the one that I loved, but it was not to be.  The quality of this product is great and the foam is supportive.  This pillow is just too big for me.  The sides of this pillow end up being too far from my neck to offer much support and the back sticks out too far such that my neck is pushed forward.  I'm a small woman and I think this pillow would work well for a larger person, but it doesn't work well for me.The construction quality of this pillow is nice.  The fabric feels nice to the touch and the color is vibrant.  There's a little snap closure at the end so that you can easily connect it to a suitcase.  This neck pillow takes up a lot of room, so I think it would be better for train trips rather than plane trips.
626. I use a back brush every day. This body brush works well. It has a small brush head that is of medium softness so it is mildly exfoliating. The handle is long enough for me to reach my back comfortably. I also like that it has a hole for a hook in the handle.The current price of $6.99 is on the high side of competitively priced for a brush of this calibre.
627. It makes for a happy hermit crab!
628. Nigella Sativa extract is a very powerful anti-oxidant, anti-carcinogen and has been proven to be effective against 97 out 144 superbugs. And this is just a few of it's health benefits.  The dosage is two capsule per day which delivers 700 mg of nigella sativa extract.  I think this is a great supplement to keep in your medicinal arsenal along with Oregano oil and Olive leaf extract. This is one of few nigella sativa powders I've reviewed but I find it to be as good as, and maybe better than black seed oil.  It costs more than black seed oil.  As of this review one bottle of 60 nigella sativa powder capsules costs nearly $40.00.  I've bought black seed oil frequently so whenever I see nigella sativa on my list of items I can review I instantly select it because it is one mine and my husband's favorite supplements.
629. Best product ever created. I walk around and clean my walls like a psychopath but it does an amazing job on everything I love it definitely ordering more.
630. Saw this at a boat show for a lot mor money, works great!
631. I have good results with this product but am seriously thinking of finding a replacement since whenever I open the bottle there is a HUGE ball of cotton in which I have to dig and dig and DIG to get it out...this time was really ridiculous and might I mention, not very sanitary.  I just don't understand why some companies haven't switched over to the silicone gel or package that collects moisture which helps keep it fresh while using.
632. The powder has a very strong green veggie flavor, but that is to be expected with this powder.  I had to cut back to one scoop (serving size is two scoops) as I adjust to the flavor of a less sweet and sugary protein smoothie.  I use unsweetened plain almond milk or coconut milk and frozen fruit to make a smoothie with this powder.  It's a great way to increase veggie consumption every day without tons of added sugar or filler ingredients.
633. A great deal for how much you get.  I use this in bubbles to make them stronger and last longer for the kids.  It works great for this....I can's speak to how it works for cooking.  I love the way it holds bubbles together and makes them invincible!
634. Ive just started using it at the recommended times to help with my bad posture. Already, the posture support has me in correct posture and my neck feels better. The material is great for its purpose, I wear it over whatever shirt Im wearing for the day. Putting it on wasn't a problem for me either.It functions as advertised and arrived quickly. I definitely recommend to my family and friends. This support really helps relieve a lot of the everyday minor aches and pains associated with bad posture due to sitting at a desk, looking at a phone, and all the other habits that lead to bad posture.The price is right for the quality of the product as well, especially with the discount! I don't know how long that will last, but I'd buy the posture corrector at full price if I had to.
635. This is an OK, but not outstanding probiotic. The potency is rather low, with each capsule providing only 5 billion CFUs. That's more along the lines of a potency level for children rather than adults. On the plus side, it has pretty decent strain diversity, with 8 different strains. The strains are identified on the bottle, but the specific concentration of each is not.In addition to the probiotics, it includes 3,000mg of cranberry. However, it's 3,000mg equivalent of fresh cranberries. Using a scale based on dried cranberry shows that it's 60mg of a 50:1 concentrate. All this info is on the label, so there's no issue with inflated potency levels, and it's a technique used by other cranberry supplements.The price is quite reasonable for a 50 capsule bottle. While the probiotic potency is not ideal, it's great to have the addition of cranberry, and the strain diversity is good. Factoring all those together puts me at 3.5 stars. A bit better than average, but not ideal.
636. Puffs are the best! And the box size is perfect!
637. The smell is awesome, not at all overpowering like regular bathroom cleaner. Works very well at keeping the tub clean with no scrubbing! Just make sure to take 10 seconds and rinse the walls of any soap or residue before getting out - other wise the cleaner won't be able to get to the actual shower wall.
638. Hubby swears by this.  I’ve been buying this for years for him. He loves it. The only thing I don’t like is the strong eucalyptus smell.  I have never used it though. Hubby likes the scent... as do our dogs : D
639. nice face soap, gentle...pore reducing?  not so much
640. Great for hard water
641. Great way to curb an appetite...really love it.
642. I ordered this because it just Bring memories. My grandma was a natural healer used nothing but herbs and spices. Once she passed my mom tried ans loves it. I could never find it in my local store.
643. I got this for my daughter (several, actually) and she really, really likes it--it's well made and funky to boot.However---she complained that it doesn't hold super, or extra super tampons, which is a problem for her.
644. They are what I expected and hold a lot of stuff without breaking!
645. I love this product its the real dealeasy to clean ans soaks well
646. Buying bug spray for a toddler is not easy. Which ingredients are safe? Will it work if it is deed free? Is it easy to useapply?Yes, yes and yes. I love the UV protection.
647. &#34;Exfoliating&#34;? The scrub pad is far too smooth for a satisfying scrub and I can hear stitching ripping as I attempt to &#34;exfoliate&#34; - give this another week or so before dissolution. The sizelength of the scrubber is perfect however.
648. I was really disappointed with these. They smell like mildew, inside and out. One of the gloves I pulled from the box appeared to be burnt as it had some brown matter and a hole near the wrist area. Also, the box itself was marked as size small, but the little barcode sticker that was placed on the package was labeled Large, so I received tiny gloves that were incorrectly labeled and therefore did not fit. Also, the material is super thin and tears easily.
649. Just what I wantedLove these scissors
650. The coffee is good, the machine sucks. The instructions are non existant.  Next the whole bloody thing is in the dustbin.  Had to return, it never came out of descaling mode.  Will not buy another, the company was less than helpful
651. I couldn’t find the other product I like to use within the time frame I had so I tried this. It’s just as good and smells great!
652. Love this sprayer.  It is made sturdy and lasts great.  I hope they keep them available for purchasing as they last a good length of time.
653. I've tried a couple other generic brand and this one out last the others.  The quality is not great but acceptable for the price.
654. Doesn’t work as well as sonic care
655. Loved them!! Used them for a winter camping weekend to heat up the sleeping g bag and to stay warm during the night and they stayed warm all night! No leaks! Now my son uses one to warm up his bed, lol.. Sturdy and tough material. Definetly worth it!
656. I don't hate these but I don't love them either, they are okay but they don't curl my eyelashes as good as others I've used before, they just don't, they barely curl them at all not sure why and my assumption is that they just don't curl your eyelashes very well. On the flip side they are easy to use and do not slide while you're using them (at least hasn't happened so far) so that is a good thing I guess, if that is what you're looking for. Also they do come with refills and everything else so that's also a good thing. I personally have had quite a few moments where I have trouble using curlers sometimes so these are good in that aspect, but other than that I'd say they don't really curl very well.
657. It is found to have heavy metals in this &#34;Altay&#34; less costly mixture.
658. For positives, these are really nice, soft leggings. Super stretchy, high waisted and a deep rich black color. For negatives, they are too small for me. I am 5'7" and weigh about 150 lbs and they do not fit comfortably (definitely too tight). I will be washing them and giving them to my daughter in law who is much thinner. I really liked these, just too bad they aren't a tad more stretchier.
659. These are great cleaning gloves! My hands are sensitive to heat and get all tingly but with these gloves, I don't notice that. These aren't like the thin normal gloves you get at the store, these are really cushy inside and they feel pretty sturdy. I recommend these!
660. I am obsessed with Magic Eraser.
661. Yes, this little thing works great to stretch out a waist a bit when you need some extra room.
662. I am 57 with dry skin. The Night SKin helps keep it exfoliated and fresh. After using it at bedtime, I wake up in the AM, wash with mild face soap and apply the Day Skin. A great combo for older, dry skin. I recommend it!
663. I haven't been taking it long enough to review.  It is easier to swallow than my former brand.  I love that it has more mg than any other brand.
664. This air freshener is perfect for a room we have a bunny rabbit in! It takes all the smell away! Great product for the money!
665. Nice to have lotion that can be put on right in the shower when done.
666. My 7yo loves this mask! Her room faces east; so even with double curtains, the sun still peaks in most mornings. Since she's had this mask, she's enjoying sleeping in! Not to mention, it's adorable. We'd both recommend it!!!
667. Does what it's supposed to I guess but now that I know you only get ONE holder instead of 4, it's a poor value.
668. Simple: Wash, apply, sleep on it. Depending on one's body chemistry,  you' ve got yourselfa couple of days to perhaps a week of freedom from deodorant application. This stuff isthe cat's meow! Thanks Lavilin.
669. I like this thing. Works well and am not disappointed.
670. Grand daughter loves this watch.  Bought one for her 6th birthday.  The first one only lasted a month and broke.  I cannot complain because I could see the scratch on the side and knew she had to have banged it badly.  So inexpensive I just bought a second one.  It goes on and off easily with the stretch band and she loves the colors.  The face is easy to read.  I did not want digital.  Want her to learn to read a clock.  Very happy with this watch for her.
671. The Bounce Free & Gentle is the only dryer sheet I have found that both works and does not leave me with allergic hives. There are a couple of other scent or perfume free dryer sheets on the market, but they either leave your clothes staticky or stiff which defeats the purpose of using the things or you have to use more than one in each load which winds up costing more than the Bounce. These Bounce sheets are also good at pulling dog hair out of your dog bed covers in the dryer and I use them when doing a no-heat cycle for our saddle pads - I've never had a horse show any allergic response. Glad to have these available as a Prime Pantry option - though as of the time of this writing, the 120 count is the better value.
672. No whitening
673. It is what it is.
674. This product is great for cleaning and this is a good price.
675. Noticing less odors in closet
676. Working as described
677. Glad to have this available on Amazon because I do not have a Trader Joes near me! We love this product and have for years!
678. Exactly what I wanted and expected. You do have to string it together yourself but that's not a big deal it comes with the string you need.
679. I bought this for a partially paralyzed neighbor.  Always good to have around as some days he's stronger on transfers than others.
680. I purchased this as a gift for someone who uses other Fitbit products and he loved it!  It works well and was easy to setup.Edit - A Year LaterAfter using this scale daily for the past year, I'd still give it five stars.  Overall, it's a great product - easy to setup and very easy to use.  It tracks my weight and body fat without me having to do anything.  If you and whomever else is using the scale has different body weights, it will automatically save your information to your profile without needing to ask who is utilizing the scale - pretty cool.  If weights are closesimilar, it will show its best guess on the screen and if it's wrong, you just tap the scale with your foot and it switches to the other person.I would definitely recommend this to anyone.  It makes a great gift for anyone but be sure to buy yourself one first!
681. I snore, and these cancel out my snoring, and keeps my wife in the same bed.
682. For the current price of $3.99 this is an excellent foot file. If it were priced higher, I would have rated this 4 stars because it is small. In order to use this, I have to hold this in my right hand like a computer mouse by grasping the outside and placing my forefinger in the center. This works gently but effectively on the dry skin on my heels. If held correctly, this file is relatively easy to hold  and easy to work with. Some files are like cheese graters and this one is gentler. When I am done, I just rinse the business end under warm water and the dead skin that was removed easily rinses off. The file looked brand new afterward.Due to the small size, this is a few dollars cheaper than other etched glass (a.k.a. nano crystal) files on the market, which is great. In addition, this is a gorgeous file in a pretty color. To me it's  functional art.
683. Easy to use and cooks vegetables perfectly!
684. Our 18 pound dog took about 15 minutes to destroy this.
685. Love these but the only problem is I got two silver ones and it said I would get one yellow gold and one silver so I'm not happy I got two silver ones so I will order more but other than that they are perfect and fit exactly the way I want especially since the other ones I ordered were too big.
686. This is one of my most favorite healthy snacks. I used to be able to order it in bulk through my grocery store but I moved to a new state and Amazon is the only place that carries them. The description is a little misleading, because you get 12 bags instead of one. This is the best price I’ve been able to find anywhere!
687. Got a new pair of golf shoes that run a little large and thus got heel blisters the first round I walked in them.  After using these, the fit is more snug and comfortable and I'm no longer getting blisters.
688. Good for the cost
689. I work nights. I'm on my feet all day all night I thought maybe this would help soothe them a bit. It doesn't keep the water warm... nothing massages.. the attachments are dumb. Honestly I'd rather use a bucket. Oh well. Least I bought it on sale ? Save your money amd get something better !
690. If you are looking for some way to decorate your fence, this is a great option. You can put different plants in here that are different colors and really give your yard some color. I will be buying more to finish my yard this Spring. I definitely recommend this.
691. I believe the B-6 vitamins were fairly priced for the quantity. I take them every day to help alleviate the symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. There is science to support the efficacy of B-6 therapy for treating carpal tunnel syndrome
692. Everything ok.
693. I purchased TOBS Mr. Taylor to try out the scent and to give me a break from the sandalwood. The scent of Mr. Taylor is very pleasant and I could smell it for a good part of the day. The performance was identical to the sandalwood scent, excellent as always! Very nice lubrication on the face, lathers up nicely in my scuttle, and washes out of my brush and off my skin cleanly. Over all, I am very happy with this scent!It should be noted that this particular product is 60g, 2.03 oz. However, I expect to get a good number of shaves out of it, even though it is technically a trial size and is exactly what I wanted. I didn't want to spend much money on a tub of TOBS that I wouldn't like.
694. love the long lasting foam and feeling on my skin.
695. Yes I am pleased with these natural glass nail files.  I use them all the time, sometimes a different color.
696. Doesn't seem to work as good as my old one (doesn't get hot enough), but it's ok until I find a better one.
697. Typical bounce sheets, with a factory-generic pleasing semi-masculine scent. Exactly as expected.
698. I was very honored that I found that item. On my first child, I was not sure what should i do with her nose. She is crying I was so nervous. But my 2nd child I found that item. It is a lifesaver. It works quickly you need only a few seconds to sock your baby nose. I will highly recommend
699. I just took the best shower in 3 weeks.  My daughter mentioned getting a "sleeve" so I could protect my infected toe from getting wet.  Never heard of this product before shopping on Amazon.  I really want to thank the other reviewers for their feedback.  Getting ready to go on a 6-week trip to Europe and need to protect my infected toe; caught infection from snorkeling in HI and even after 2 12 weeks of antibiotics, it may take another month to fully recover.  This will make my life so much easier!  Bought 2 for my travels.
700. Great taste...good value. Powder goes a long way...a little provides a lot of benefit.  Mixes well into plain yogurt.  The tiny spoon in the bag is difficult to use and becomes near useless as the contents diminish part half empty.  Need to have long handle tea spoon handy to make your life easier and far less messy.  Blueberry powder stains for life!
701. This came with zero instructions. And with some pads that can go around the straps, but I have looked through all of the product images online and couldn't find where to put the pads. The product dug into my armpits, so maybe I should just put it where it's digging in? But some clarification would be nice. It was easy to put on. I could tell a difference when I took it off after wearing it all day. But I don't know how often I should wear it and for how long I should be wearing it at a time and when I can expect results. I answered a lot of questions about, what are you wearing, but I think I could wear this under a blazer and be able to wear it to work all day long. Once I figure out the pads and get it to stop digging into my armpits, I just might be able to do that when the weather cools off so I could stand wearing a blazer. For a first-time posture corrector wearer, instructions would have been really helpful, especially since there are "extra parts".** Thank you so much for taking the time to read my review.I hope the information that I have provided helps to make your decision a little easier.If you found this review helpful, please click the ‘Helpful’ button below.
702. Although it takes a few to get any kind of lather or soap feeling, they were nice to have on our trip because they were light and there was no chance of them spilling. Washed socks and undies.
703. Do you intend to put this into gel caps at home?  I hope so.  Because in hot beverages it tastes like a saponified cadaver.
704. These help to keep my feet in place and a lot more comfortable.
705. Love this and would have given five stars if I could, but the product's F box for Fridays snapped off on one side, so I just leave it open on that side and hope it doesn't open too much. Otherwise, I love how much I can fit into it, and I think it's quite stylish.  I like that it's not a box but more a cylinder shape, easier to keep in a handbag or purse. Love the colors too, I can't lie!  :)
706. Works and fits great love the toe freedom as I hate wearing socks to bed. I can wear these to bed
707. Works as advertised on tight and knotted muscles; very pleased.I haven’t experienced the problem with this airtight packaging that other posters have described.  🤞I won’t.
708. Very good product!!
709. Can't beat this on the purity.  I mean, this kind of ingredient really needs to be organic (etc.).  Not much I can think of to do with it except add it into smoothies, but I'm a firm believer that a varied diet is a good diet.  Simple kefir and fruit smoothies are a good vessel for this - and good for health!
710. I took a chance on this coffee. I was well rewarded. This coffee has a ton of caffeine in it. If you have a heart condition this coffee may not be for you!
711. Hard to tell if supplements are performing well, but I certainly don’t feel any negative effects!
712. I like the size - not too bulky or too small. It comes with a removable, soft cover so the bottle doesn't "sweat." No leaks. Would buy again.
713. These are supposed to be a waste of money.  Checked mine at my doctor's office.  I don't know who was more surprised.  Mine was almost spot on.
714. So much better than the ball gag - per my husband ;)Confortable to wear. Good quality.
715. It is the exact same piece that came with my C-pap which broke. Was very unhappy with the $65 price point yet didn't have any lessor priced options.
716. I'm so disappointed. This has virtually caprylic acid in it, according to the company when I contacted them, and they won't cooperate with returns. Don't waste your money. Get Caproyl instead.
717. These are very good elderberry gummies. These deliver 100 mg elderberry2gummies, has 90 mg of vitamin C and 7.5 mg of zinc citrate. Taking two of these is a good way to start the day by giving your immune system a jump start against cold and flu viruses. I've been trying to accumulate a lot elderberry supplements because elderberry is a very powerful anti-viral. The gummies taste very good - sweet and tart and the texture is good.  These are a great preventative if taken every day.
718. For me, it only makes sense to throw some in to miso soup.  I normally put mushrooms in just about any variation of it anyway, so why not a little more?  Flavor profile works perfectly in that case, and does add some depth.  I like to get some flavor out of what I eat instead of just choking down a smoothie for vitamins, but there's a lot you can do with this, as I expected.  Wherever you want deep, earthy flavor and a little bit of extra health benefits (hopefully, but it can't hurt!)
719. I have purchased a lot of bottles of Liposomal Vitamin C but of other brands because of Covid-19. My whole family takes liposomal vitamin C instead of regular vitamin C for one main reason. Liposomal vitamin C stays in your system much longer and is not excreted or used up nearly as quickly as regular ascorbic acid type vitamin C, which is what most people take. The liposomal type is best because it will stay in your system to continue giving protection from viruses. I learned of liposomal from watching health oriented Youtube videos. This brand is every bit as good as the other brands I've taken and and you need no less that 1500 mg each day, and we take even more. This type of vitamin C costs more, but it's definitely worth the extra money. Easily 5 stars and more.
720. I discovered from my MD that having acidic water makes GERD worse…as does drinking wine and dark chocolate, but that’s another story.I had recently had the bacteria and nitrates tested in my water as part of a program in my town which is near the shoreline and the salt ponds. I was curious to see how acidic my well water really was. This product allowed me to quickly test with a few drops of solution and easily match the color swatch to determine my water is neutral AKA good to drink.
721. Best pre effect of the cursed flavors by far
722. Worth the price. It makes a perfect curls. Kinda beachy waves.  I have a long hair so I just wish it was little bit longer.
723. I read reviews on different types of magnesium “compounds” and it was stated that mag. citrate was most effective to ease digestive issues. It is gentle, good for heartburn and for mood. No complaints.  I do not take every day but will continue to use every other day to ward off GERD symptoms as well as possible constipation. It is not harsh ..as I had feared …and could be taken every day, in my opinion.
724. It was exactly as it described. Thank you
725. This bottle is only for 7 servings, not the regular 23 serving. Buyer beware, they are charging the same price for the 7 servings as the normal 23 serving cost. I do love this product however not willing to pay such an inflated cost at almost $4.50 per scoop!!!!
726. This is phenomenal.  It works so well to relieve pain across your back and shoulders and actually your neck.  I love this heat wrap.
727. Bought to make birdie bread for my guys.
728. I did like this and its about 1 dollar a serving which is decent. There are other brands however that you can get a whole container with more then 30 scoops for the same or less money.These are easy to carry with you however if you travel or need to take it with you and dont want to carry a large container
729. Peppermint with dark chocolate doesn't get better than this.  As it melts in your mouth, the flavors gets more delicious, but never overwhelming.  Love it.
730. Excellent for sensitive skin. Strong but pliable, very comfortable.
731. Quick Results and seems accurate
732. I'm not at all impressed with this scrubber brush. The only positive is that it comes with 8 refill heads. The list of cons, however, is far longer:> the handle is not sealed well, and will continually leak dish soap;> it does NOT come with the scrubber brush pictured -- only the scrubber pads;> the word "scrubber" is used loosely since the pads have the texture of semi-rough felt. They lack any meaningful scrubber ability;> the pads are attached to the plastic holder with tape that has velcro on one side, and adhesive on the other (with the adhesive sticking to the plastic holder). The adhesive is quite poor, and the pads easily detach from the holder.It doesn't come close to being worth the price charged. At best, this entire set is something that belongs in a dollar store, and I'm not sure it would even be worth that. A very disappointing product.
733. Each came with its own microfiber bag.  The red is my favorite.  I would definitely order again.  I have had them for over eight months and they are still in good condition.
734. Love this!
735. There are a total of 100 bandages in this set. There are two boxes of 50 bandages each and each box contains 26 knuckle and 24 fingertip bandages.These stick pretty well and flex with the movement of my hands. They are also breathable. These are very strong cloth bandages and perfect for those who are always scraping their knuckles or cutting their fingers.The current price of $14.15 ($14.89 minus 5%) comes to $.14 cents per bandage.
736. I heard Mr Clean was great. I buy these cleaning blocks two for a dollar at a grocery store here in San Jose. They are 10 times better than mr. Clean I'm sorry I bought them they clean okay but nothing like others
737. exactly what I needed and the week box was an added bonus!  Thanks
738. Our cleaning lady loves these.  IShe4 uses it to keep our toilets shining  Arrived fast and great product with the handle on it
739. Awesome that kleenex now makes a tissue with coconut oil in addition to aloe, and vitamin e. I use raw coconut butter as a lotion so when I saw this I wanted to try them. They are very soft! They are perfect for in the winter when you get that annoying runny nose that you have to wipeblow your nose a million times. The tissues will keep your nose from getting dry and irritated because they are soft and moisturizing. The boxes are nice too.. they remind me of natural stone or marble, pretty neutral colors and match the colors in my living room and bathroom. Good to have on hand, and especially for kids and those who have sensitive skin.
740. Surgilube Jelly is by far the top of the line as far as I'm concerned. I've tried others, but none compare.
741. Great product however with serious aerosol problems.  Spray isLargely non-functional.. Stick with the non-spray version
742. The tea itself tastes a lot better than the Lion's Mane version I reviewed separately. It has the color of a cup of coffee and a somewhat pleasant taste. However, I cannot drink this tea. My tongue broke out in blisters when I drank it and it made my throat feel sore. I don't think that's a good thing.
743. This product arrived spoiled and sour. I will be returning it.
744. Works and looks fine :-)
745. My hair is mainly straight but gets waived sometimes. The brush did not work well. I had difficulty in holding the brush and the hair at the same time. I would say it straightened my hair only 30%. I decided to return and invest on a better one. although I loved the color.
746. Too powerful; must use in shower; otherwise, you will make a mess in the sink & mirror.  The periodontal tip is too flimsy and that’s the only reason I bought this.  It bends before getting between teeth.
747. Great on the butt but not great on the legs where the edges of the chair pad end.
748. I love this thing! It helps my back pain quite well, is easy to use, and fits great! Perfect product. Excellent support!
749. These pluckin' things are great.  I am so tired of the cheapo tweezers that just don't grab hairs or grab them at an angle and chop them rather than let you pluck 'em.The plucking set that I received is smoothly ground on the tips so that they make direct contact with each other and as a result these things are pluckin' awesome.I'm telling y'all, you're gonna love these pluckin' things.  From the moment you eradicate that pesky nose hair, or when you take care of pluckin' away at that patch of hair tickling your ear, you're going to wish you had these pluckers a long time ago.
750. Very nice and super absorbent microfiber towel.  I see most people take this with them to the gym but where I come from we use the land and we sweat alot!  so this comes in handy to help wipe that sweat away.  I love the design of it being a long rectangle with a hook.  There are several uses for that hook.  you could hang it up, or wrap around your neck for a scarf.  or in some rare cases attach to your belt and shove some in your pant pocket and leave some hanging out.  Works well and the towel is super absorbent.  There is a triangle pocket to hold keys, or a wallet. If you are using this for actual work you know the pocket won't get used.  However it is nice that you have the option.  Laundering:  I just laundered like any normal microfiber towel.  Cold water NO fabric softener and dried in the dryer.  It all came out looking like it did when I put it in there.  Stitching is wonderful I found no flaws and it held up in the wash.I do not have anything negative to say about this towel.I received this towel for free to write an honest unbiased review.  This is my own personal opinion for this towel and have come to the conclusion by using the product myself.
751. great & big & strong for good price!
752. This is the best kava capsule out there. I have made kava the traditional way for years and have recently quit due to the ease of just taking a capsule. I have tried other capsules and have had little to no luck getting any results. This takes my anxiety away, calms me down and just makes me feel super shnazzy!!
753. When I first ordered this product I ordered to replace my plastic containers and harsh chemical products. I expected it would come with unique characteristics because I was used to those harsh chemicals and there were a few. Yes, at first I found it slightly thick but I found that I could add a very small amount of water and that was no longer a problem, while it was still just as effective at cleaning. At first, the smell was very natural and fresh but didn’t hang around all day like my Pinesol. But then I realized I also didn’t get a headache from cleaning.It’s s gentle on all my surfaces but breaks up all of the tough areas. Like the dried on sticky food debris in the kitchen where my kids ‘didn’t notice’ their spills, Or the soap scum in the bathtub. And the scent really was fresh, I stopped missing the chemical smell.It’s a great product. I much prefer it to my past chemical products, and I feel good about using it because I not piling up large amounts of plastic bottles (I clean A LOT)
754. If you're diabetic,  I wouldn't recommend these as these are very sweet. If you have sensitive teeth, I wouldn't recommend as it felt like I had a cavity.  Unfortunately I only took one bottle as I couldn't handle to sweetness. Very easy to chew, but not for me. I had lost alot of my hair after giving birth, I seen a little difference but not too much as I had to stop.
755. A-ok and great price.
756. This works if you can't button your jeans after you have been to an all you can eat restaurant, honest.
757. My grandson was very please with this watch.
758. I am used to using a variety of different spirulina powders.  Let's take a look at this one.WHAT IS THIS LIKE?This comes in a bag which is pretty good at insulating against moisture and air, if you open it correctly.  Just cutting below the plastic seal allows for enough room to re-zip the bag shut.THE POWDERThe powder inside is very fresh smelling.  I have had spirulina which tastes overwhelming and others which tastes almost gaggy.  This one, however, is not unpleasant like some I have had.SCOOPThis comes with a small scoop inside to measure for smoothies.TASTEI am not minding this one.  The last spirulina powder I had was a bit overwhelming for me.  This one does not take over the smoothies in the same way.  It is earthy in flavor but not repulsive.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a good raw source of spirulina for shakes, smoothies, baking, or supplementation this seems to be a bit nicer than some.  It does not taste bad and it comes with a measure scoop.MY RATINGFIVE STARS.  One of my favorite spirulina powders so far that I have tried.  It is very fresh smelling.
759. I believe all the 5 stars on this product are fakes. There's no way so many people could possibly feel this cheaply made POS deserves such high marks.*Flimsy quality*Head band slides down the back of your head, pulling the mask off*The eye cups just fall off willy nilly and aren't comfortable at all*WORST OF ALL, it lets in a big chunk of light at the gap between the eye cups. I'd block more light by throwing a towel over my eyes!Yup, I got suckered in by the fake reviews, but now my sacrifice is your gain. Don't buy these. They're garbage and there are a number of products available on Amazon that are 100x better. Save your time and money and check out other options, especially ones with hundreds of reviews as some of them might actually be legit.
760. Amazing product with a breath taking result. I love my bath water as dark as my soul.
761. Quit working  charging after a few uses
762. I bought this for our camper and it has been a good purchase
763. If you’ve read any of my other keto reviews then you already know that I LOVE chocolate...but it’s really tough not being able to eat all my favorite  desserts anymore. I actually emailed kiss my keto and asked them what sort of replacement for treats there was and they pointed me here - Perhaps the biggest gift of 2018 so far!I add the powder to my morning coffee and now have coffee shop quality flavored coffee with 9g of high quality MCT inside :) on top of that there’s no guilt from sugar since it’s not the same crap they use in stores. I’ve yet to bake with the powder but that’s going to change this weekend.Sorry, I’m rambling a bit here because this stuff is so good. Let’s get down to business. Taste 1010. Value 1010. Guilt from eating 010. Sugar free. 9 grams of good MCT.Honestly these guys have done it again. I asked GNC if they would be carrying them - the guy knew the brand but wasn’t sure if the store was going to get it...really hope they do!
764. I have been using this product for 8 years.  It is the best shave cream on the planet!
765. (original review)It's ok.Nothing really special.  Certainly not worth the $99(Update Review 33115)The razor has now fallen apart after NO more than a dozen uses since purchasing last September.  I typically use a razor to shave my head, but on occasion, I just felt like being lazy and use this electric razor.One of the blades fell off last week and I thought nothing of it. Just put it back on, easy-peasy, and kept on shaving.The next day I used it again, and the (presumably) blade fell out again.  This time it wouldn't go back into place. A plastic clip had broken, and was not fixable.Waste of $100.
766. it takes at least two wipes to completely clean my glasses of smudges. worse, the wipes smell like Liz Taylor White Diamonds, so strongly that you can taste it. I cleaned my glasses, washed my hands, and left my apartment, and I could still smell the fragrance lingering while I was walking down the street. these will not be a repeat purchase.
767. great and sharp.
768. they arrived as I expected - good quality
769. I've lost and bent a few of these things.  It was nice to have a source of new ones.  They work fine and there's a nice assortment of sizes.  They arrived quickly and were well packaged.  There's not much else to say other than that they're remarkably inexpensive.
770. As other reviews have indicated this is a harder pumice than many making it last longer.  I would have given five stars except that it failed to remove a coffee ring around the disposal in sink despite several attempts.  On other hand on a linoleum floor there were some marks I could not get up with other cleaners and this did well.  Same is true of rings in toilet.  Handle is very handy and comes nicely packaged.  Was larger than I thought it would be so it is nice when working in toilet bowls for example.  Two sticks nice so can keep one for bathroom use and one for kitchen etc.
771. This is a must have with the knee rover.
772. My husband travels a lot for work, including trans Pacific several times a year. He has tried and tossed out many travel pillows over the years for a variety of reasons. I thought this one might suit him.He doesn't like it. He says it's too thick and too stiff for his tastes. Plus he doesn't like material on the cover. However, all is not lost. I've found an alternative use for it. I'm using it as a support pillow for my right hip. I pulled a muscle last week (trying not to fall out my saddle when my young mare bolted over two jumps) and just sitting upright is excruciating.This is stiff and thick which wait very durable for sitting on. It doesn't give or sag and it returns to it's shape when put up. Since the cover is removable, I can wash it as needed. So....too hard for a neckhead pillow, but just right to support my injured hip.
773. Everything arrived ok..looks like good quality rv toilet paper
774. This is my go-to protein powder after my workouts. Clean ingredients. Delicious taste.
775. Great for getting rid of ants.
776. Cheap product. Not at all what I expected
777. Is what I was looking for.
778. This chair is everything it said it would be! The price was in my range and it was super easy to put together. You will need help getting it in the house, it is very heavy but comes in 2 pieces. Would definitely recommend. It is a little rough on the hips when you first use it but after using it for a few weeks I don't even notice it . My grandson uses it and he is 6 ft tall and he loves it, very comfortable.
779. My Ulla worked 2-3 times correctly when I first tried it. Now a bottle of water can sit for two hours and nothing. I just received it yesterday. Very disappointing. I don’t have time to find packaging and mail it back to amazon. It won’t allow me to leave “0” stars, so I’ll give it “1” for the cute pink hearts on it. Functionality “0”.
780. The ones I received looked ancient. They were returned.
781. This curler is best for people with thin hair.Unlike other curlers I’ve used, this one doesn’t stop spinning as soon as I let go of button.This can cause my hair to get stuck into the wand when I don’t want it to.This wand is supposed to get up to 428F.I have another wand that gets up to 430F and it seems like it’s much hotter and does a better job at holding the curl in my thick hair.
782. Very few bags of this size, from my experience, have drawstrings, which is exactly why I bought it. And, it's very durable, as well.
783. I'm pleased with the quality of these boxes. The box board is thick enough to feel substantial without looking (or feeling) like they are boxes for mailing. The gold color is glossy and even. They ship flat and are easy to fold into a box. I reinforce the bottom seam with some tape to keep it secure, but using tape is not essential.They are sized well to use as boxes to hold home-made chocolates, candy, cookies and the like, and the gold color gives it a distinctive look. No complaints!
784. Taste is okay but it doesn't mix at all like to the point that you drink immediately after stirring and it's still grainy. I saw other reviews that said the same thing but I thought it couldn't be that bad so I ordered and it was worse than I was expecting aww
785. Just doesn't work for me. The Zn galvanized my taste buds. I taste Zn for hours.Please don't mix Zn with tasty good Elderberries.
786. useless, really does not do anything. You could put a deodorant stick instead and it feels the same..
787. I can never find this sugar free Twizzlers anywhere in my local stores. They are perfect for diabetics are people trying to watch their sugar intake. These Twizzlers almost taste like the real ones and have Zero sugar. ( Does have 14g sugar alcohols). They are still a bit carby at 20g per 4 pieces. But still better than eating the regular ones. Glad to have them available ( sometimes ) on amazon.
788. Just as pictured and described.
789. Perfect for travel, and high-quality. I could do without the travel brush.
790. Multiple trays are so helpful!
791. I do not have large arms but I ordered the largest size available and they were too tight to wear.
792. There's nothing premium about this paper, unfortunately. It arrived folded multiple times to fit the envelope! Unusable at this point.
793. This looks good but Order was delivered without Cutter inside package
794. They're ok. Pleasant smell. My kids think they're fun. However, they are super slow to fizz. They just kind of sit there and dissolve. I'm assuming that's due to the fact that according to the box they're expired.
795. This bag contains 10.6 ounces of certified organic maca powder. That is the only ingredient. It tastes and smells like I would expect. It seems equal in quality to the other brands that I've tried. Since it's a fine powder, it acts like a fine powder when you're scooping some out or stirring it in. I like the somewhat caramel taste that it adds to my chia puddings.
796. I swear you can get anything  off with these. Unfortunately scrub too much and paint comes off the wall so be careful but thirds are handy to have stungv
797. Love these as they were made in USA!  love the tin!
798. Mixed with coconut oil to use for arthritis in my knees.  I haven't had it long enough to see how effecntive it is.
799. I was going to try this and then give it to my sister who suffers with "real" headaches. I tried it and I'm not going to give it away. It feels wonderful, I like that I can spritz it and make it moist heat and the fabric feels wonderful against my face and eyes. The cord is a bit problematic. I'm going to try using it with a battery pack and see if that fixes "the problem". Also will make a good gift for those that do the whole sinus thing or need a nice dark eye mask.
800. Heal my sore sprained ankle, twisted it Brett bad. Help ice it down well... It's usable.
801. I'm not big on air fresheners but I really like this one.  It's not a heavy perfumy smell, it's more of a natural pine scent.
802. Great cheap droppers love these things
803. my new vitamin c everyday supplement, goes in my morning smoothie!!!
804. This is a UV-C for heating and air conditioning. It is installed in the area where the ductwork goes before it gets into your home. I have been using the smaller UV portable units but I have to be careful to not run it with the animals around or humans. This will prevent me having to do the getting everyone out of the house for a while and running the other ones.
805. There are times when everyone needs a tissue that’s big enough, strong, soft and conveniently at hand, so keep a box of these Kleenex tissues in your car, on your desk or kitchen counter. Best product to come along in this time of viruses and colds.
806. If you have never used on before, you will have a learning curve to get over.  It is not an electric razor that you rub back and forth over your face.  you are not trying to get to the base of the hairs, you are "Plucking" them.  Go lightly and slowly across the area you want to pluck.  Repeat a few times as needed.  It will get those pesky hairs just out of sight under you chin or neck, that drive you wild, and will even get the peach fuzz that has gotten long enough to be annoying.  I love this style.  My first was a "Twizzer"  and had only one "tweezer" on the head.  this one has 6 sets of tweezers, alternately single and double.  It gets Everything!  And you WILL get used to the feel of being tweezed by it.  Just give it a chance and you too will love it!
807. This product is awful!  I’m a cheese lover but this product should NEVER have been a choice for anyone. Could I send it back or get my money back PLEASE?
808. It was very helpful for pain associated with TMJ.
809. Great product and I would imagine this &#34;sponge&#34; lasts a long time.  No wasted makeup. Spreads foundation evenly. So glad I got it as now I feel like my make up is fresh and not mixed with old dried out makeup still in the sponge. Saves on foundation too as there's almost nothing left behind. Can be rinsed off so fresh with each use. Great idea!!!!
810. If you are doing tooth gems you MUST get etchen, flowable composite, resin and an LED curing light.
811. My liver panel is never normal. If it's not one aspect, it's another. I'm like 1 or 2 points out of one or the range consistently. There's nothing material to be treated.After 20-some years of these likely meaningless deviations from normal, I drilled down into the subject. Several supplements I've tried without effect. I ran into TUDCA in a peripheral investigation by accident. The more I looked into it, the more the supplement made sense if I didn't run into unpleasant side effects.No side effects. I took TUDCA 2 months leading to my blood chemistry test and lipid profile. The results gobsmacked me. Every single test was in the normal range.I'm convinced. This is the first supplement that I can track directly to blood chemistry improvement.
812. My wife uses these and likes the assortmant of colors to change up the look now and then.
813. The product page tells me you mix a sheet with water, but I’m not sure how much because the instructions were in Chinese. Since they use metric, I assume it’s a number of liters, maybe 2-4. I would have liked to have known the ingredients as well, which I thought was required to be listed in English to be sold in the States. Kind of hard to review this one, honestly. It worked fine, and in theory, it’s more eco friendly because you have less packing materials and fewer emissions to ship something lightweight.
814. I have two bucket dispensers for these towels, and I use the refills in them and in so many other places. I have never made wipes, but just use the towelswipes dry. Having the center pull is so easy and convenient.I always keep a bucket in my car for any mishaps or other needs. These are great to keep a roll in the bathroom to be more sanitary than hand towels, in the craft room for all sorts of things, in the garage for clean ups and sweaty foreheads, in the laundry room for spills or hand drying, and so many other places. There are just so many places to put a bucket or roll of these wipestowels, wet or dry.These are not the thickest, but if you need a paper towelwipe, you'll be glad you have them in reach. They are pretty expensive, so I only get them if they are on a good sale, but I would definitely recommend them!
815. Not made very well for something supposed to be used for medical use. But it serves the purpose.  So we will keep it. Use it as side table for new bed that has lifting base.
816. Before I became disabled,  I was a massage therapist.  Since I have to wear splints on my fingers, I needed something that could help me with trigger points and acupressure.  This is the perfect solution.  It's strong,  but the edges are smooth so it doesn't dig in or scratch the skin.  If you are into the healing power of crystals, you might be happy to learn that rose quartz is great for self love and beauty which makes it perfect for a self care pampering routine.
817. Extremely hard material that hurt my skin. Sent it back!
818. I find the width of the band if too thin can be annoying and irritating...not sleep worthy.  This has just the right width.  adjustable for larger heads and silky soft mask that kisses the eyes without that feeling like your being abducted.  Nice that there is two in the package
819. Alot bulkier than expected..very long.Gets in the way
820. Easy to install very comfy great buy
821. This herb was recommended by a natural practioner.  I was having extremely long and heavy periods after a miscarriage.  Lady's Mantle did the trick, shortening my cycles and drastically reducing the flow.  However, do your own research and know how what you are taking will affect you!
822. This looks like a quality product. I’m trying out regular ashwaghanda currently but want to try this after a month of that. It seems really promising.
823. I bought this oil for many reasons,it smells great in my diffuser and also helps me with my skin problems.. i mix it with a few drops of carrier oil and rub it on my stretch marks and fine lines on my face as franckincense is known to reduce stretch marks and wrinkles!! And if thats not great enough it also helps you when you are sick and have a cold!! Im so happy i discovered essential oils a few months ago, will order from brooklyn botany again!!
824. This is an updated review- these tissues have been improved greatly and now the lotion feel can be detected . Also a great buy being it’s cheaper than store bought. Not sure if it was a particular batch that was plain and not soft, though this time around they feel incredible. I’m repurchasing.
825. I really like the gentle whitening qualities and the taste is quite nice too.
826. As a baby boomer, this is a supplement often suggested to my age group.Since taking it, I can't say I'm noticing any big difference, but it's recommended by so many reputable sources that it's now in my regular regime.I also learned that it's best to take in the morning when you first wake up.This one is a decent value and from a reputable company.
827. Great Little pill boxorganizer, it's small but yet again it very big. The slots are big enough to hold at least 5 big pill, I have in one of the slots 3 big and 1 small and still have a lot of space.I received this item for a discount or free in exchanged for my honest unbiased review. I am in no way obligated to give a good review. I am a regular reviewer and have given both positive and negative reviews ONLY AFTER using the product enough to have an initial review and I when necessary have come back to change reviews after using them for a while. In short: this review would be the same even if bought for full price.
828. Great charcoal powder at a great price. We are very happy with it! We use it to make a face mask and enjoyed the results, eager to try it again.
829. I got it just for the cute carrying case
830. I purchased this oil to enhance borage oil cream and I can’t say enough great things about it!  It has healed my dry cracked nails and made my skin feel so hydrated.  My husband is now using it as well.  He has diabetes so his skin heals very slowly.  This organic borage oil has helped the skin healing process for him better than the prescription salve his doctor prescribed!  I really don’t detect any scent at all to this product. I’ve used it by itself on my face and it absorbs in very quickly.  Truly a miracle oil!!  Thank you for makingmarketing it!!
831. These inexpensive mask extenderslanyards by Moosth are useful. We are living through a pandemic where most places require a mask. I am sure that I am not the only one who finds that taking on and off the mask is cumbersome. Etiquette says that you don’t let your mask hang from one ear or on your chin, so these lanyards definite alleviate that problem. They allow you to keep your mask around your neck. No need to remove it, shove it in your pocket or wear inappropriately. Not only that but how many times have you found your mask pulling on your ears. These extenders reduce that pull on them. You attach, adjust it and there is no pressure on your ears, which is nice. Overall, for the price, these are a nice find. You get 5 for $5.00. I give them 4 stars.
832. I bought these "blue blockers" because I read that wearing them before bed time would help overcome the negative effect of tv and computer screens on melatonin levels. I don't know if that's true and wearing them that way was too distracting, so I didn't give them a fair test. However, I do enjoy wearing them while driving on long distance trips. They seem to be relatively well made and they fit over my regular glasses.
833. Highly recommend!
834. Great tasting vitamin d gummies. Easy to take and seem like great quality.
835. States on picture and in details will support up to 360lbs. However upon arrival stickers on scooter and written in instruction manual says supports up to ONLY 300lbs. Made cheaply.
836. I saw this product on shark tank and had to try it out. It looked like the answer to my prayers! My glasses are constantly falling off my face. Unfortunately this product also fell short of what I expected and needed.
837. I'll keep this review simple. Weight. 155Pro:Size is good.Feels really good.Top material seems ok.Cons:No arch support.( Not the biggest deal considering how comfortable they are.)Not built to last.155lbs, I wear a rubber boot with a thin insole & this insole on top of that. I got about 11 days out of them.The heels went out on the 3rd & 4th dayThe forefoot part lasted the rest of the time, i walk on on my forefoot so even though the heels went out they still felt good.I will upload pics when i bring them home. Great idea but not made for work.
838. This body mist has a very feminine soft scent that I really like. It's floral but not overpowering.  It smells delicious, and since it's affordable for a big bottle I can spritz several times throughout the day. I am really enjoying it, and it's my new fave pheromones spray. My boyfriend liked it too!! I will purchase this again!!
839. Taste pretty good.  But again very sweet. Follow directions exactly.  Do not add  more water than stated. It becomes very watery and taste really bad if you do.  I only make half at a time. It's too sweet. Also if you are sensitive to chocolate as I am it will give you a head ace.
840. This oil was recommended by a teacher who carries their products on his site. He spent 8 years recovering his health and investigated the heck out of hundreds and hundreds of products and only recommends the ones he feels are absolutely the best. I do suggest to Remember to Shake Well as the instructions tell you to do. It does make a difference. I was afraid it would taste horrible, however, I love the taste, take it right from the spoon and will use in salads. I can feel the &#34;energy&#34; of things since I was young and friends often ask me to &#34;test things&#34; for them. When I first tested this oil it was off the charts! I am not exaggerating. I have never tasted this quality of oil before. I purchased it on Amazon ready to return it if I was not satisfied. I agree with other reviewers, for me, this is absolutely like no other oil I have ever, ever tested! I ordered two other kinds and I am on a budget. They are worth the price. I am interested in my health first off and expect wonderful changes. I have not taken it long and already my foggy thinking is clearing. I will give an update later if things improve more.
841. I heard that vitamin v complex is good for health acne. But this one doesn’t work for me. I don’t feel any difference whatsoever.
842. Not as effective as other brands. Smells horrible.
843. Wanted something that would hold large gauze sponges...  these work.
844. A lot of masks are too small for my big head so these are great with how they are adjustable. They work good if you wear glasses too in order to keep them from fogging up. Durable.
845. Although I try to follow a keto diet, it ends up being more of a low card eating lifestyle. I do, however, have low blood pressure and tend to have pretty large dips after intense workouts. I find that adding this to some water immediately after a work out really helps me to avoid that dizzy blood pressure crash after. I have to rate this product with four stars versus five though - because the taste is dreadful. If there was a way to make this product tasteless that would be great! The taste of this product reminds me of the smell of infant liquid vitamins (yuck) as it is overly sweet and has a metallic taste. As such, I can deal with chugging this down quickly in 8oz of water for the restorative post workout effects.
846. I had to mount the back part of the stand-up. I thought it came ready to put up like the other stand-ups that I had bought before. I had to tape the back part of the stand-up. Now I am wondering how I am going to take the tape off without tearing it, so that I can store it away until I need it again for next yearBut other than that, I think it really looks great!
847. This tool set has so much more than I need to fix my watch. I lost my previous kit that just had some miscellaneous tools here and there but, WOW this kit really have EVERYTHING. I absolutely love the mini hammer that has rubber on one side and it is solid on the other. I've been able to repair everyones watches that I've been holding onto since I lost my kit. I am so glad I found this one. Has all the tiny tools I needed and some that I now know that I will be able to use in the future.I received this product from Tomart at a discounted price for an honest and unbiased review.
848. We've tried other covers previously that took too much effort to put on. This one was quick and easy to use! Worked perfectly! No issues or leaks!
849. These were easy to install on the walkers and make them quieter
850. Sent back would not fix my glasses.
851. Like the scent when cleaning in summertime and fall
852. Disappointed did not stay on
853. So cute! These are the same size as a standard zippered sandwich bag, and made from the thicker plastic similar to a ziplock freezer bag.  I used them for a Sesame Street birthday party as treat bags and they were perfect!
854. These small glasses are perfect for those who can never find a pair for reading - I keep one pair in the car and another on the coffee table in the TV room.  They have clear lenses, and are lightweight, and don’t give my hearing aids any trouble going on and off.  Great for those “extra” pairs!
855. Bought these for my 8 yr old grandson and he loved them.  He tells me they are very warm and comfortable.
856. Love the colors.  Using for make tissue paper carnations.
857. I have been wanting to try the charcoal teeth whitener, and this did not disappoint!  It is a little messy, so take care when opening the jar and dipping your toothbrush.  I suggest using this in the shower.  It isn't flavored, so there isn't really a taste with it.  I noticed a huge difference in how white my teeth were the first time I used it.  I feel like the results are similar to using Crest Whitestrips, without taking as long as long and without having sensitive teeth afterward.  I would highly suggest this for someone looking to whiten their teeth with minimal time and effort.
858. I really love these night shades, and sleep well with them
859. The little plastic piece that helps attach it to the underwear broke off. But we have been able to make it work with something shoved in there. Other than that it works well.
860. They strained stuff.
861. The box was open and crushed
862. These come in an unsealed package; not even a piece of cellophane tape to seal them. It is for this reason that I am afraid to use them.
863. Oh please...what a waste of money. If it really worked no one would buy a second months supply. A lot of people are making big bucks selling to desparate people.
864. Decent pricing.  The flavor does not count in the review OK...lol.  Shipped within a week of ordering.
865. I am trying to eat lower carb and I have been amazed by how many carbs many protein bars have in them. I found this bar on Amazon and decided to order based on the reviews. This is DELICIOUS. It tastes remarkably similar to a candy bar, and the texture and chew is so satisfying. Everyone in my household loves these. I have reordered twice after my initial order!These are not the lowest carb bars I have found, but the carbs are doable and the taste is fantasic, so its a win-win for me. I haven't tried other flavors because this one is so good! I highly recommend them.
866. Great product!!
867. I got 2 of these stones completely different shades of the many shades of Irish green..my only problem is choosing which one to keep and which to give to my daughter..
868. very comfortable
869. Very helpful when trying to locate points.
870. I had to get used to the flavor. But it’s a sweetener that isn’t sugar so it is expected. I have purchased again. I used to use MIO all the time. These seems healthier and they are clear.
871. Love this little eyelash curler. I have naturally long eyelashes and when I just use mascara it tends to straighten them out for some reason. This curler works well with or without mascara. Even with mascara your eyelashes don't stick to the pad. The finger holes have a rubber grip so your fingers aren't slipping while using it. This package does come with an extra pad which is always nice but I feel you'll get quite a while of use with the first one. I received this item complimentary for my unbiased review.
872. Just what I ordered
873. Want nail clippers that don’t cut nails? Then look no further!I bought these to replace old nail clippers and the old ones cut better than these...
874. Don’t waist your moneyDoesn’t work at all
875. I used this on my patio cushions, I wished I would have used it the first year I had them, they would not be a bit faded.  Get this when you oder your cushions
876. Great product so far so good just bought itMan it gets into deep tissue very effectivelyGo slow the vibration along with the knobyPattern of the hard foam is the real deal the
877. This has worked great at cleaning in our kitchen. My husband likes to cook sausage on our griddle. It tends to spray sausage grease all around. Plus, I do use a generous amount of butter when cooking pancakes for my children. My regular cleaner simply didn't clean it all like I'd like. This degreaser has made it a breeze to clean up, though. The scent of it is a bit strong for me, though not too bad. My husband said it smells like degreaser to him. It can be used  full strength or diluted with water. The set comes with a sprayer bottle and 5 large containers of the degreaser. (One of our bottles leaked during delivery and UPS had to rebox it. We ended up only getting 4 bottles of it.) We've been pleased with it, though.
878. Easy to take. Really work well.
879. and the nanoglass files are great. I also use the nanoglass foot rasps too. They just work better than other products and last much longer. You can wash them off as needed and they can work with or without some water on them. I especially like that I don't have to clip my nails. I can shape them up and clean up any rips or tears, unless it is the entire part of the nail that doesn't sit on your finger
880. Nice quality and very cute.
881. Some of my relatives take many, many medications. This little bottles help organize and keep them safe from ODing.
882. Great product, customer service was great, thanks!
883. They fit perfectly!! Twisted right on and fit my tiny ear openings!
884. Great cards to have at work, study, or just remembering.
885. I absolutely love,love,love this brand of oils! I have ordered four and I am never dissapointed! I put them in the diffuser and my house smells amazing! I like them so much, I ordered my mom some! I love the orange smell! It is energizing and wakes me up in the morning! I love to mix orange and peppermint from this brand,it is absolutely delightful! I highly recommend and I would definetly buy again! I also love that it is certified organic! It is also very reasonably priced!
886. I'm really surprised these work. I wear them when I go out with friends and have found it much easier to hear them over the music, besides the music being much more tolerable. My ears aren't ringing when I leave and take them out, so my migraines aren't triggered as easily. Very happy with this purchase, I just wish they were a tiny bit more effective with the music.
887. Antrolife BP CuffAs a retired cardiac nurse, I must have advised literally thousands of people to check their BP regularly during my career.  Maintaining a normal blood pressure can help prevent heart attacks and strokes.  Until now, I’d just use my manual BP cuff and stethoscope to check household BP, but I can’t do this anymore.  I recently gave my prized stethoscopes to my niece who just graduated from nursing school and is following in her aunt’s footsteps by going into cardiac care.How about accuracy?  Checking BP for myself and my husband, I found this device to be accurate, and the readings were consistent with manual readings.  It has an audible reading of results and only three buttons so is really helpful and easy to use for the vision impaired folks. Be aware that the voice is not only a stilted automated voice but has an asian accent, so is not that easy to understand.  I’ve turned the voice off on mine.For setting this up, the first step is to set user, date and time.  I found it a bit confusing because the year was displayed as 20, then on the next line was 22.  Its possible to track BP for two different users.  After the date is the choice of audible readings and display of BP as mmHg, the standardized measure used mostly throughout the world now, and kPa, which can be turned off.  The device can be operated using four AAA batteries, included, or plug in using the included usb-c cable (charge block NOT included).  The screen displays nice, large red numbers, easy to read, BP and pulse.The cuff seems to be well made.  Packaging states that its one-size-fits-all, but from my experience, this cuff may be too small for some individuals, and conversely, too small for others.  When using, make sure the velcro flap of the cuff meets the white stripe on the inside to be sure its a good fit.  If a cuff is too small, the reading may be inaccurately too high, and if the cuff is too big, the reading may be inaccurate and displayed as lower than it should be.I’d suggest taking this BP device with you to your next doctors visit.  Have them take your BP twice, once with their normal process then with your new machine.  While its perfectly normal for BP to vary minute to minute, if you find your new cuff to be consistently off, up or down, by a few points, then at least you’ll have a close ballpark idea of how your readings at home will compare with your doctor’s.I honestly think every household should have one of these, and used regularly, at least once weekly, about three times weekly if on meds to regulate BP.  I’m very pleased with this particular monitor, and very happy to have it.  5-stars!I hope you’ve found this review to be helpful!!
888. This is a good solid pre-workout. The energy is strong. The beta alanine itches. The pumps are big. And the flavor ain't bad. I would do this one again.
889. Looks great but they are always sliding around and I have to put them in place constantly.
890. Artichoke is only readily available in stores occasionally. Supplementation is helpful to those who have an enlarged liver, as according to WebMD, artichoke stimulated the flow of bile from the liver. This is great because it helps with high cholesterol, IBS, kidney problems, anemia, edema, arthritis, bladder infections and other liver problems, as well as reduces alcohol hangovers as well as reduces symptoms of heartburn.Additionally, Web MD says that &#34;some people use artichoke for treating snakebites, preventing gallstones, lowering blood pressure, lowering blood sugar; to increase urine flow; and as a tonic or stimulant.&#34;I wanted to try artichoke as a hangover supplement but did not experience any lessening of symptoms. The taste of these capsules is acceptable and the size is on the smaller size. If the reports are even remotely right about cynarin (the active ingredient in artichoke), then this supplement is worth taking.
891. It was all and more than what I expected and arrived in less than 3 days. I am a jigsaw puzzler and it is the only and best way to have enough light. Love it ! LoveIt
892. I don't think flavor makes these any better. The taste and texture were just too much to bear. And I did not want to down this with a bunch of sugary juice. I stomached it for about a month and I did not notice any improvements in my overall heath or skin hair nails. There were not fishy burps however like most of the pills give. One plus side to it.
893. Just what was ordered. Nothing fancy, but durable. Dial easy to read. Matches weight on Doctor's scales when I have gone there.
894. I enjoy fresh and steamed broccoli and have noticed that usually, the next day after eating a good amount of broccoli, I feel and look better.  I think there's something in broccoli that really tunes my engine.  So, when this package of broccoli powder came up on my list of items I could review I wanted to try it.  I like it.  I mix it with some wheatgrass powder or other super foods (like to include a sweet one for flavor) and water, mix thoroughly and drink it down.  It's not something to write home about, but I like it well enough and I feel I'm getting some good nutrition.  This powder seems to be fresh and will puff out of the envelope if you're not careful with it.
895. If you're basic, this has pumpkin pie flavored chapstick. It's wonderful!
896. While shaped like bears – these are vegan vitamin C gummies.They are a bit “harder” than some of the other supplements out there, but do work pretty good. There is definitely no after taste.If you’re healthy or have a few issues, you might not see much difference.I use them as a supplement to stay well and healthy which is crucial with the winter months coming up.
897. Blue Emu cream really helps your feet! It is a fair price for the wonderful results! Trust me, my feet are so painful & this works!!
898. How these inserts could offer anything resembling comfort or support is beyond me. Basically you're getting just a small bit of foot shaped foam with some slightly raised oblong modeling on the surface.Paid half price with a discount code...that's still way too much.
899. I noticed the little notches on these razors were thicker and as long as the blade itself, which caused snags as I shaved my face. I am going to try this with oil instead of moisturizer next time. I got a couple tiny dots of blood from the razor not being sharp enough to glide rather than drag across the skin. If you are very slow, very careful.. you may have a better outcome. I do love that they fold into their nesting place for safety though! And like I said, I'll continue using them but perhaps with oil.
900. These are fantastic! I’m SO GLAD someone finally gave a mind for our feminine parts!These pads have changed my game down there! They are naturally medicated & the adhesive sticks to the my panties well…Unlike other natural brands.The absorbency is good as well. I haven’t tried the super heavy but I will next time I need & try to get back on here to say but the pantyliners are fantastic! So are the regulars!Thank you honey pot!
901. Initially the vanilla flavor is a little jarring and astringent. Maybe tastes a bit on the phony side. But I got used to it and now it's nice to have little sweetness in my coffee. The portion in each of these pouches is perfect. And each one has 7g of MCT's in it. 80 calories, 7 g fat, 4 g carbs and 4 g sugar alcohols which cancel the carbs out. Must be working because I haven't got put of ketosis after using (keto test strip wurine)  and have lost 8 lbs. That's rad!!
902. These pill boxes are attractive but not as attractive as they look in the picture on the product page and won't hold many pills.  And they aren't nearly the quality of pill boxes of yore.  I've had boxes of about the same quality and eventually something always went wrong with them but maybe these will hold up.  I wish they didn't have the plastic insert which makes you put the pills into 3 different sections.  if you only have to carry a few pills with you then these boxes should work out alright.
903. Love! I'm a sucker for samples, and this had several items I have never even heard if, let alone tried! Super excited to try it all out!
904. Bought these to help us save money on Dyer sheets. Our water has a certain smell so we wanted dryersheets, however it got expensive. These dryer balls are great! placed a couple of drops of lavender essential oil and my family is raving about how good our clothes smell.
905. Wery good and quality cotton.
906. My naturopath recommended this for me. I put it in my morning smoothies and don’t taste it at all.
907. Well who doesn't like a good bath sponge! Lol.Needed new ones for my family and this was a good set at a good price.They are soft and suds up! 🧽🧼
908. These Reader Cases are almost impossible to find in stores. They are very well-made, softly lined and durable. They are far from too bulky to carry in your pocket. They are the right size for my half-eye  readers. Even though these are cheap glasses, they need some protection when carrying them around.
909. I couldn't find Lavoris anywhere for quite a while so was thrilled to find it here!  My husband loves this mouthwash more than any others because of the special cinnamon flavor.
910. This is a nice preworkout booster. First off it tasted good of raspberry and lime. One scoop gives you a solid 16oz drink if you don't want a super sweet drink that is and it was pretty sweet to be honest so I diluted it a little more than they suggested.When I went to exercise I definitely had more energy and longer staying power. I had no issues falling asleep later that night, which was about 6 hours after I drank this. I had no jitters or any other negative side effects from this during or after. This is definitely a workout supplement that works.
911. This is the best chair I've ever had..love the comfort.. the light weight makes it easy for my family to transport it and me.  THANKYOU
912. Hard to lose..great for traimas.
913. Great stuff!
914. This stuff WORKS!!!! Anytime someone is sick in my house I go straight to the nauzene.
915. Perfect for dog leash attachment. They gather all condition of poop to make bagging work easier.Very happy.They also clean up any broken glass dogs otherwise could be a victim of.
916. Helped with swollen legs and lymph nodes drainage
917. Love this! Makes it so much easier to use the mist machine for the 10-15 minutes required
918. When our old veggie scrubber broke I bought this one because it was highly rated, and it it great! Would definitely buy again
919. There is a whole lot going for this product. Cricket powder adds protein and essential aminos to your baking, which can easily up your food's nutrition profile.The downside, if you can even call it that, is the slight change it'll make to your food's taste. It is not at all overwhelming, but you'll notice a faint taste of something different - and that's it, not something bad or buggy but just different - and you or your guestsconsumers may be initially put off.However, I expect this can be compensated for by including flavors with stronger profiles. I am trying to make a bread that is not overly sweet or the like, but I suspect the reason why most users of cricket powder vend sweet products is to offset the taste. When you use this product you may need to make some test batches first to see how the powder affects your food's flavors.In my first few batches, I made a banana bread with 2 tbsp of cricket powder that worked out 99%. I also made a more general sweet bread (a muffin recipe, but in a bread pan) using 2 tbsp of the powder, where the taste was more noticeable so perhaps 90% of where I wanted it to be.It's pricey, but the product is worth playing with and especially for ifwhen the premium declines and you know how to use it.
920. When I work out, I like to supplement my protein, so I've tried many brands and flavors including Solgar and Quest.  I've also tried a number of Syntrax Nectar flavors - some I like, some I don't, but Fuzzy Navel is my favorite. It's just a little sour for me, so I add a little stevia, and voila!  A fruity treat that helps me meet my protein goals on workout and after-workout days.  No weird smells or tastes, fairly easy to mix up, great when stirred into water and then blended with ice!
921. Smaller and less sturdy than I had anticipated.
922. Great bags. Versatile and perfect for a variety of occasions. Well made. Easy to throw a quick gift into.
923. I have been going through menopause symptoms for the past year.  After tearing my poor husband's head off and anyone else who came close I locked myself in my room for a whole day and did research to find something that would make things more manageable.I found this root from Peru called Maca.  The Red Maca is supposed to help with  menopause symptoms, end hot flashes, night sweats and mood swings.  It also gives you a boost of energy and mental clarity.  I already have thyroid issues and I need all the help I can get.I got this Red Maca powder on Amazon because it had the most and the best reviews.  After about a week I started feeling an energy boost after drinking it.  I felt better and mood swings calmed down.  In two weeks my husband started looking a LOT better!  One bonus is that is helps out in the bedroom too!!!  Ha ha!!!I've taken it every morning for the last 3 months and it has made me feel so much calmer.  Things don't ruffle me as much. I am a really anxious person but even that has calmed way way down.  I truthfully don't think I've ever been this chill.Last week I forgot to take it for a few days.  I woke up in the middle of the night with hot flashes.  I took it the next morning and the hot flashes went away.Just read the reviews and see what you think.  I use the powder but you might want to use the capsules.I like to mixOne Tablespoon of the Red Maca PowderOne almost Tablespoon of Cocoa PowderCinnamon to taste ( I love cinnamon so I use a lot)1 Banana1.5 cups of Almond MilkI hope it helps you as much as it has helped me
924. This is not like the others. It has strong suction and can get you off in no time at all. Very easy to clean after. I have this straw like thing that i got to help w cleaning this. Feels very lifelike. This is the best male masturbator i have found so far. A great buy.
925. I tried several brushes over the last several months but this one is the best so far. This is now my favorite brush. The handle looks exquisitely crafted even though it is probably machine made. I also have this brush in the darker color wood that I use in the shower as a back brush with soap and it is great.The brush is hefty and is one solid piece, which is fabulous as the head cannot fall off the handle like some other brushes I tried previously. The handle of this back brush has indentation grips on it which provides me with a good hold. The handle is also long, which provides me with a good reach.The brush head is sturdy enough to be exfoliating and cleaning yet gentle enough not to be irritating. I love that there is a rope at the end for hanging in the shower and there is even a canvas bag for storage after air drying if desired.Overall, I love this as a wet brush for my back. I do not use this for dry brushing. The current price of $21.80 is about twice what most wooden back brushes go for but the quality is also higher but it's cheaper than their darker wood version that sells for $24.86 which is $3.06 more than this lighter colored one.PS The Smiley Smith engraving with what looks like a monkey is cool too.
926. reliever of pain, works great!
927. Great product! I'm always looking for good and safe ways to fully wash my fruits and veggies. This comes very nicely packaged and protected. I like that it is a concentrate that you mix so that the original bottle lasts through many, many washings. Washes and rinses well and does not interfere with the taste of the food.
928. So far so good, like the way it’s made
929. Fitbit Aria Wi-Fi Smart Scale, White Great scale but cannot be used if you have a pacemaker!
930. Works great. This product works great for cleaning my daughters face. She has acne and wanted a item like this so this was great for her. She likes the vibrating feature it really helps get her pores clean. It is soft and gentle on her skin but does a good job in cleaning it thoroughly. Charges fairly quickly and hold a charge for several uses.
931. These banners are impactful! They look expensive, and really make a statement in the entryway. I receive tons of compliments. Good buy!
932. Great product.  Smaller sized capsule is nice!
933. I liked the minty taste of this toothpaste (despite the name, it doesn't taste like charcoal at all) but the black color takes a bit of getting used to.When you spit out the toothpaste, it looks as if you're spitting out mud and if you're wearing something light colored it will stain. The second thing is that the packaging is deceptively larger than the actual product - once I opened the box, I was disappointed to find that each tube is small - no bigger than the size of a "deluxe" sample or travel-sized toothpaste. Good for TSA regulations but stingy if you're wanting to use it at home. So, while it leaves my breath smelling fresh, I'm not sure I'd buy it again, for aesthetic as well as quantity reasons.
934. I like the neutral colors, they are a bit smaller than others I have purchased. Okay for the price though.
935. Fell apart the first time I used it....Very disappointed... had to throw it away...
936. Works great according to friend
937. These capsules are not as large as some of the other brands.  These work great for me because they fit in my pillbox with my other pills.
938. This is much better than just a tub you soak your feet in. This one gives you a foot massage and a foot cleaning at the same time. Feels good like it should. And there is not a lot of water to clean up. Thank you for reading my review. God bless. May the rest of your life be the best of your life.  OZ
939. We use these in our front room as a border for the entryway too keep it separated for our kid.  Cool looking, soft, they look great, and she'll be able to play with them later on.
940. perfect pill cutter for big heavy hills. Delivers a nice simple sharp even cut
941. It's smells alright . I don't think you would want pheromones in something you would slather all over yourself -like lotion. Now that I know more about pheromones, lotion in general is not a good thing to add pheromones to.Reason being that applying too much of any pheromone can actually cause the opposite effect . It does have a nice sparkle in it but, the pheromone Andronone has a sweat-like smell that I noticed in this lotion.
942. I have been using A&D for over 60 years. It’s safe, heals cuts and stitches really well. It is thick so stays on all day to keep your skin moist. Great product!
943. great flash lite with a very strong beam that shines a long distance
944. I ordered the Lightening X stocked EMT bag. This bag $70 cheaper than putting it together myself (not including the bag). The items that need to be quality are. Loved all the flaps and pockets of the bag.
945. Just received this!Right off the bat, it is working.My digestiveautoimmune issues are too numerous to delve into (tmi), took this yesterday afternoon and this morning, things are moving along already!This is the first time in years that I have not felt “stalled out!”
946. Great!Try it you will like it.
947. Second one. This time is for my friend. Perfect product!
948. Hubby loves this. He's pretty low maintenance and only recently started shaving his head (acceptance is great). He likes it because it leaves a close cut without being completely smooth which he said feels odd to him, he prefers a little rub stubble. So, it does not shave baby butt smooth like you may get from a razor but it's a close shave and super easy! It holds a good charge too, he only charges it maybe once a week and uses it daily.
949. My 8 yo niece enjoyed this set but it went into her nail polish drawer after a few hours and hasn’t been seen since. If your child is a fan of the l.o.l franchise they’ll love this set.
950. I am a woman who wears a size 812-9 in shoes, but a 3X in clothes and have larger calves.  These are too small for my calves. I could not quite get them pulled all the way up, and they slide down.  They *almost* fit- but not quite.That said, the fabric is fantastic, lightweight, comfortable. The grey and white stripes are fun.  I wear compression socks mainly for traveling, and the lighter fabric would be so much more comfortable in the tropical regions I've traveled. I like them very much, and they probably do fit most people with wider calves.
951. I use these every day!
952. Definitely cheap quality. Just expect that. The detachable heads are very cheaply made. The process of taking them on and off looks like it might split them in half. The grinding bit is completely useless just to be clear. It does absolutely nothing. However, the blades don’t hurt upon direct contact (still don’t shave too close or you’ll irritate the skin and cause rashes).Do note that they do not come with any guards. You’ll want to be careful with your dogs whiskers especially in the chin area where the base of the whisker can protrude from the skin. That way, you won’t accidentally hurt your dog.I charged it overnight, and it barely lasted long enough to finish the grooming session. That said, it was my first time, and I don’t know what I’m doing well enough to be fast. So the session was about 2 hours. If you have a large dog or if your dog is heavily matted, you’ll need to do it in multiple sessions in order to charge the device enough for it to last.Overall, it did when it claimed to do, except for the grinder. The longer head was very helpful for the face, feet, and hygienic regions as they are all a bit difficult to reach.
953. We used the bags for seed samples with wire tags for ID.  As such, we don't need drawstrings.  Would be nice to have a plain top bag option.
954. Close shave did good
955. I have psoriasis on my scalp. I addition to steroids drops once in a while and coal tar when it is really bad, I was using pure emu oil daily. I tried this jojoba oil to see if I could save some money, and it turned out to be better than the emu oil. Only coal tar seems to work better.
956. I take vits and some of them are very large - this helps fit all my daily intake of vits in one place. The pill closes perfectly and leaves plenty room.
957. Works great with a 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens
958. This stuff is amazing. It really removed marks on your walls and doors. How it works??? But it does.
959. Nice boards that last long.
960. Product itself is very nice quality, one button for ease of use and comes with a drawstring  bag for long term storage.Has an array of vibration patterns..and is comfortable to use, soft and smooth.Perfect for the gspot, however if you require alot of stimulation in the front area the vibrations might not be strong enough for you there, however they are very strong in the top part! Had the vibrations been stronger in the lower half I would have given 5 stars.It requires 3 AAA batteries that aren't included.It is a welcomed addition and I will continue to use.. And would overall recommend the product.Great Quality!!!Item was received for free in exchange for an unbiased and honest review - that in no way affected my opinion
961. These gloves are high quality and comfortable. Most importantly, they’re latex free and lined!I’ve already purchased additional sets in both sizes. Gloves become more important during the icy frigid winter months because protecting already painfully dry skin from dirty work is necessary.
962. Started taking for fatigue and all the other benefits attributed to chlorella.  i didn't have a problem swallowing but some might as these are just basic gelatin type capsules.  I chose this brand specifically because of what the company does for the elimination of plastic debris and concerns over our world..The fact that they also are known for good products sealed the deal.  No gluten, sugar, corn, soy!!  Advise checking to see if will affect yr meds!!
963. First, took a long time to rinse the oils or whatever were on this brush. Even after rinsing, saw discolored water come out of this brush for a couple of weeks. The brush density is very good and the stiffness immediately made it my go to brush, until the horrible smell and brush shedding started. I tried cleaning the brush and using boiling water to sterilize to no avail. This thing just smelled terrible. Even without the smell, it was leaving so many hairs on my face and in the sink, there wouldn't have been much brush left after a few more weeks.EDIT: Oct 26 - AJ Hardy (Adam) tracked me down and sent me an e-mail with one of the best examples of customer service I have ever experienced.  I'm very much looking forward to trying the replacement brush.  5 stars for Adam's customer treatment and concern.EDIT: Nov 30 - Adam sent me a replacement brush and I used it for about a month prior to updating this review.  I have several brushes and this one is my favorite with respect to having just the right bristle softnessfirmness.  There is some initial odor that is present in the brush.  Thorough rinsing and a few uses takes care of it. I can't say enough how fantastic the customer support is from Latherwhip.  They have a definite concern for their customer's issues and are very interested in feedback to improve their products. Bravo!
964. Magnesium oxide powder is pretty straightforward. But you want to make sure that what you are getting doesn't have other things in it that are bad (like lead, for instance). According to the label, this is all 58% magnesium oxide (the 58% is how much magnesium it has and is pretty much standard).My issue is that I cannot find any information on who Nativo Harvest is, where they source their minerals, where they make their supplements. Is this being packagedtested in a certified good practices lab? In the United States?Kind of apprehensive here.
965. Don't bother with this
966. Hot Hot very hot.....But it is very good.If I put this right spot,pain releaf quickly.Just little bit smoky and funny smell.
967. I think this is a good fish oil but the two things I don't like are the cholesterol and soy in it as you can find others out there without it.  The cost is high but that is what you get with a good product.
968. I love pine pollen and love this product. I love the capsules. I usually take in warm water but this is so easy and I feel I get the same effect. Good circulation and better general well being.
969. Arrived quickly and as described.No issues and does not upset stomach
970. This mask is well-made and I love the burgundy and black color. The mask has a Velcro adjustment in back and padded eye cups to block out all light. The eye cups allow my eyes to open underneath the mask. This feels comfortable to wear. The quality is good but the mask itself is not as plush and cuddly soft like some others I tried.The current price of $9.79 ($13.99 minus 30%) is super reasonable for this mask.
971. love the product works great love the different vibrations that you can do
972. I have a kid who is always sick, and her tonsils are enlarged so she catches everything. She has been taking these and well I don't see a huge difference. She is sick as we speak, and she still has some constipation issues. She says they are tasty and easy to take which is a plus, I gonna let her finish these out before I decide to buy more.
973. Did nothing not sharp like the professional ones.
974.  Used it once daily for 2.5 weeks and lost 14 inch each from waist and hip belly areas (no change in exercisediet).  It also helped with relief for my neck and upper back pain after a long day at work.It gets very slightly warm towards the end of a session, not hot like a heating pad.Based on their site, this item has ISO9001,ISO13485,CE,FCC,ROHS certificates.The lighted panel is 21x5 inches, so you'll need two sessions for larger areas.The control panel is inconveniently placed if you wear it on your waist; had to set it up before putting it on.  The indicator lights are blurry, so you have to look closely to know which level it's on.You can't choose which wavelength (660850nm) to use. It's always both.Changing the timer setting turns it off, so you have to make sure to turn it back on after setting the timer.The battery pocket is all velcro, and not very big (3.75x4.25 inches flat).You need to purchase 12V battery pack for portability; regular power banks won't work as it needs a lot of power.Easily folds for storage and portability.No eye protection included; although not necessary, they do caution you not to stare directly or treat near eyes.
975. Seems to be working....thus far, 4 weeks, my fruit and berries are not getting ucky!
976. This is lovely and arrived quicker than had been estimated. Get compliments on it, but people can't tell if this is supposed to be an angel, butterfly or dragonfly. Neither can I but I love it.
977. I've worked with putty with my therapist during hand therapy. This putty is no different except that I thought it was going to be so hard for me to use. It is actually not as hard as I expected it to be and is perfect for building strength in my hands. It is a bit oily but that is typical of the putty I used at my therapist office as well. I do feel, however, that the current price of $19.99 is very expensive for this small size.Note that this is good to keep an autistic child occupied. I have a friend with a severely autistic child (now adult), who uses these type of items to keep him busy and he is really into stuff like this.
978. It came opened all over the place when I opened it.
979. crap product.  does not stay up.  Cheaply made too expensive for the low quality.  Like a dollar store item.  Took forever to receive.  Not even worth the hassle to return. Lesson learned.
980. I bought this product because I read in a periodical that Omega 3's are what we need for inflamation.  It's better than Omega 6's.  So I switched over to this Fish Oil product and I'm enjoying the lemon taste.  I take two teaspoons a day and the taste is not offensive at all.  I will order another when this one runs out and hopefully my body will do much better in the future.
981. By far the best support I've worn. It is comfortable and stays in place all day. Accommodates a healthy normal sized scrotum, or a swollen scrotum after surgery. Other brands move around, and fall off during day.
982. These disposable heat pads have gotten rid of the pain.  Excellent product.
983. The taste is pleasant and the gummy form adds a nice chewable touch without feeling like more medication is being infested. Really can’t say this helps with any weight loss but we haven’t had any weight gain which is in the plus column as well. We have been maintaining good gut health so,so far so good.
984. These are so much easier to fill since they have a flat base. Perfect for packing up snacks for tailgating! I love that you can hear when it's closed. These are also sturdy enough to hold a bunch of toiletries. We packed our dental care in one, hair products in another, and they kept our toiletries bag neat and organized for a recent overnight stay out of town.
985. This product nothing, meaning it was a waste of my money.
986. Each strainer fit perfectly into each sink and tub. Feels like high quality, it catches all the hair perfectly in the tub and has already saved my earrings from getting lost down the drain. Definitely worth it
987. Very soft on your face, eye holes are dipped in so the material is not rubbing on your eyelids.Hooks up super easy thru Bluetooth if you want to listen to music while you sleep- main reason I bought these because I always have the TV running which bothers my husband- now he can listen to his music and fall asleep without an issue!
988. I think it would help if used frequently. I got it when I was having really bad back pain. It hurt to lay on which I think is because my back was in pain but getting up from the floor with back pain after was hard. The product is really wobbly. If you move too much to one side it will collapse.
989. Soft, absorbent & such a great value. Would definitely recommend!
990. Very easy to use perfect for curls with short hair
991. They did the job of full-filling requirements without suffocating me.
992. When my mom was on oxygen these grips worked much better than expected. Once they were on, they stayed on — even when tossing and turning during sleep — unless she wanted to take them off. Anytime I asked her how they felt, she said she forgot all about them after a day or so. If you’re thinking about these for yourself or a loved one, I think you’ll be happy with these.
993. Not a big fan of these. The cushion isn't that thick and worse, it flattens out over time. The adhesive stuck well but I just don't like the texture of this material. Disappointed.
994. I don't use this other than pre-sparring ritual, where my teammates and I would cover our gloves and faces to minimize the cuts from the contact. It helps tremendously for MMAStriking (or both combined) throughout the session. It doesn't get any discomfort and would recommend for boxers or MMA fighters to buy one to prevent any cuts during sparring rounds!
995. Perfect for I cold cups
996. Works quickly and accurately. Exactly what I wanted.
997. I've had my Waterpik for several years.  The hose finally tore.  I was worried I had to replace the whole thing and was so glad to have found this.  This replacement hose and handle was easy to install and worked fine.  Seems to work exactly like the original.
998. Fit fine, hard brush heads.  Kids love them and they are the right size.
999. Very happy with the variety and comfort!
1000. Got these for my wife who said she is very satisfied with this choice of straightener. The are reasonably comfortable and perform the way they are expected to do.
