I am an older man. I have tried MANY types of socks. These are the very BEST I have ever used!! They are just the perfect fit. Nice and wide. Nice and tall! Perfect amount of springiness. I had a tiny concern and their customer service is MOST WONDERFUL in how they treated me. They are a family owned business that has the customer's satisfaction at the top of their priority list.  These socks are worth every penny. (Can you tell that I am a Happy Camper?) i HAD to add some additional information that might help others. People that suffer from peripheral Neurophy  know that some days you just do NOT want to or need to wear the heavy duty support stockings. These naturally are not designed to be support stockings,  HOWEVER I find that they are absolutely amazing for light support they come upo to almost the knee.  They have  just the right amount of elastic to keep them up. All and all the best socks I have ever owned.
Truly speaking; this is my favorite scent of all.  Thank you Glade, this scent is amazingly refreshing in my flat.  Highly recommend 👌 😊
So I found this product not to be that great, my hair got tangled in it many times and also it did not heat well enough to make nice curls, even after it was charged, so I return it
Bottles broke within a couple of months
I purchased these for my boyfriend and I to put date ideas on, you could use for a variety of couple or best friend gifts. They include the paper already inside each pill! Perfect gift idea!
Like this brand a lot and am happy I found it. Going to reorder again and keep taking this .
Love these bags
Need to make left side cradle larger to accept phones with protectors
Longer strip works wonderfully on my MCL injury. Stays in place much better than most lidocaine patches
awesome for my homemade deodorant, easy to push up and convenient.
I’ve had Moringa tea before.It’s been in the leaf form and in a sachet with an herbal tea.It tasted great and I wanted to reproduce at home.This Moring - as it’s listed - is in a powder form. It’s a very fine powder.I was hoping to be able to add it to my tea and just stir it in.I was able to get some Moringa powder to dissolve into my tea - but not all.This powder is fresh and adds an earthy taste when used.The bag has 100gms. It’s recommended to use 5gms a day.  I figured out that there is about 5gms in 1 tsp. I wish this contained a scoop in the bag so I wouldn’t have needed to figure it out on my own.This Moringa powder would taste good and mix well in a smoothie. I think it would taste  good especially in a green smoothie - the Moringa would compliment the taste of spinach andor kale.I received this powder 122019, it was manufactured 102019 and it doesn’t expire until 092021.Be careful when closing the resealable bag - the powder is very thin and can get in the zip closure making it difficult to make a full seal.
A great concept - used these on a trip to Singapore (TSA compliant). I found I had to use more than one sheet - a single sheet didn't seem to create any cleaning atoms in the sink. Once I got 2-3 sheets per sink, I was satisfied with the result.
I bought this as a gift for my mom, it was at the very least a bit of a pain to put together and cheaply made.  It required electrical tape and a good bit of cursing!  Is now working ok.  The grill is cheap plastic.  It is bright and helps an elderly woman to read better.
I had a very expensive dental guard made by my dentist, it was extremely uncomfortable, and would end up taking it out after just a hour or so. I looked for alternatives on my own that wouldn't cost me hundreds of dollars. I came across this guard and I couldn't be happier! Now I don't grind my teeth at night.
Fine lotion for dry skin & works very well on all parts of our bodies.
Seems to be well made and fits as expected, my daughter is very happy with it!
It should have had the flat back but everything else was great
The best, safest way to kill weeds.  Mixed with a cup of salt and some dish soap, a very fast acting way to get rid of weeds. Does not affect the soil negatively. Now I keep a couple of gallons on hand. Weeds ate always popping up.
The only problem I have is with the top, and the fact it doesn't have a specific tip for pouring it.
These chill very fast and are comfortable
Love this product!!! It really works!  And tastes delicious!!
This thing is huge--I wasn't expecting that. It will hold like 10 pills. I only have three so it's much more than I wanted.
Very useful tool, soft and easy to use.  Very easy to clean.
I often like to accentuate colognes with essential oils and this is a perfect essential oil blend for the summer.I’ve found this blends perfectly with Spice Bomb as it has citrus notes already.The applicator makes putting the appropriate amount of this oil on easy.  I just add a bit to my wrists and neck prior to spraying my cologne.I’ve really enjoyed this essential oil blend and definitely recommend it.Thanks for reading my review.  I enjoy writing them as I value reading other’s reviews when I’m making a buying decision.  I regularly update my reviews to reflect any changes I may discover and to include helpful tips you may need if you purchase the product.  I will always make every effort to answer any questions I can as it is my pleasure to help.
Love it I organize the whole month bought 6 of them:..
I immediately put these in a small crock pot and got them really hot, too hot at first. They hold heat really well, long after you are ready to move on. I dripped some essential oils on them and I think they absorbed them. These are about the size of your whole palm. One of my kids dropped one and it didn't break. Thank goodness.
Doesn't really hold well compared to other mattifier creams.At least for men who doesn't apply makeup over it.
I used these before I gave birth to collect colostrum and take with to the hospital. They worked great and did fine holding up in the freezer. You can really put a date on them, though, so that part was a little frustrating. Tape didn’t stick and you can’t write on them.
We love this detergent! It’s perfect for our babies sensitive skin and leaves little to no scent. I love that I’m able to order it and have it delivered to the front door so I don’t have to leave the house. It came with some tape on the top so there was no spill!
Nice sturdy brush, bristles are are not too soft, just right. Bought to replace another I ordered that was much too soft. It could be just a tad longer, but it does reach all of my back, so does the Job.
I've been taking Fish oils for years now (on and off), and I consistently come back to this trusted brand. I have bought other brands but for the quantity value, and the packaging (glass bottle), I stay with Carlsons. For me, Fish oil is not a pleasant taste, but this brand has disguised (as much as possible :-) with a lemon flavor, which makes it easier. I think this is my brand for life.
feels more like a rag than paper towel. I also love the designs!
We live on a mint farm in the forest with lots of bugs, and a pool.  So, this has been a real hit for my grandchildren and me!  I also bought some for my grand kids to use at home.  We live in the south near the water and beaches. Mosquitoes and gnats are our &#34;state bird&#34; and we live in the sun-- so this is a hit.
Misleading! Natural Armor essential oils do not have organic certification. Simply saying they are organic does not make it so. The company response to my query was, "if you don’t feel comfortable with our company or our products, simply do not purchase them." Buyer beware, if you truly want organic.
I've used Amino Derm for a long time. It dries to a tight finish that makes my skin look very smooth and clear. It does seem to break down oiliness and help reduce breakouts. I like the herbal smell, but some people might find it unpleasant. This is a great product if you want natural, organic skin care for your oily complexion.
Works just as described and as a little side effect, sometimes young people (teens) say it emits a very high pitched whistle which we old people can't hear. I tested by turning it off and on and asking them when they heard the noise. Maybe a dog whistle, a lighter and a bottle opener?
I’ve never Used this type of mouthwash but am attracted to the concept and simple ingredients. I took a gulp of water, then took two droppers, then swished. It Tastes fresh and minty without the burn. Seems effective for eliminating bacteria and odor. Per volume of prepared product, I think this concentrate is a good value, maybe a slight premium for a higher quality product.
Nice quality oil with a good scent to it.  And it's CLEAN.  Will definitely purchase again.
I had WLS in 2013 and I absolutely have struggled so much getting enough of what I need. It's very difficult to manage. Usually I have to take a lot of vitamins to get all of what I should have and can't get as easily from food. This ultimately makes me nauseous. THESE ARE AWESOME. I only have to take one vitamin to get all of what I need (aside from iron) which is absolutely wonderful compared to what I was having to do. Not sure how I lived so long without these. Total game changer. These still can make me nauseous if I don't have them with food but that's likely due to just not having as big of a stomach so it's really not a big issue. If you have had WLS please grab these and don't try and manage the vitamins on your own, it's so much trouble when you could just take something literally made for your needs.
Yookat Medical Arm Sling- This arm sling looked good in the photo, so I ordered it. It is evident it is made overseas, and the instructions for use were difficult to understand. After figuring out how to put it on, I realized it is made to immobilize your arm. And I mean totally immobilized. Others may find this sling comfortable, but I did not. It was painful to wear, so I had to return it. I ended up purchasing a standard arm sling at a big box store near me. This was one of those purchases where I needed the convenience of a local store to be able to try on a sling in person and trade it in if it didn't fit, without having to mail anything. I found a standard sling that worked find for $15- at a local store. Amazon is still amazing, but some things are best purchased locally, depending on your immediate need.
In my personal experience, the product is pretty great! It works best when used along with the many other product Natural Products Inc offers (see my review on their  Glycolic Facial Cleanser here: honestassortedreviews.tumblr.compost147373883057glycolic-facial-cleanser-review)The toner does as it says and works much like expected. I have no beef with this product; overall, great quality, comes in great quantity, awesome packaging, superb overall.Disclaimer: Free for review.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dear Seller,Amazon's system is glitching and so I haven't been able to upload this review on the proper page. I will move this review there as soon as Amazon gets it's act together but for now, it has been added to my review on your other product found here:https:www.amazon.comreviewRXJ8WVIYP1WVref=cm_cr_rdp_permI'm very sorry for this whole mess, I'm sure it will be resolved soon. As soon as it is, I will more the review to its proper place.The following review is for the Dual Phase Mattifying Toner:MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE:I’ve been reviewing Insta Natural’s for a while now–everything from their cleansers to their toners–and I’ve come to really appreciate one thing about this business; there are never really any unnecessary additives to their products and, generally, their stuff’s made up of ingredients that are already known to have healing and soothing properties.The water feels just so, like water. However, with lavander, cucumber, sage, and calendula extracts, it also has a soothing feel and you just know its great for the skin.MAJOR TIP: Try to not apply the product to open cuts, pores, or scars on the face. It does have a mild–very mild–sting, but that may bother some more than others.Disclaimer Free for review.
This item is absolutely waste of Money, Save your money and instal an actual ceramic coating. It is advertised to repel water - but only clean water, not rain water with dirt, puddle of water on the road, or snow.I purchased total of 4 bottles in the span of 6months hoping that the layer of ceramic will get eventually thicken but on the 5th time I am gonna purchase this I realized that this does not dot make any difference as if you did not applied it.I always have to spray wash my car after it rains other wise all the mud and dirt that came with rain water will stick in your car, and even when you spray wash your car with clean water, if you don't wipe it dry it leaves horrible looking water marks on the car, and if you applied it but you didn't rinse off the dirt caused by rain then your car gets exposed to the sun; it causes all the dirt to stick to your car paint makes it even harder to wash your car.So just an advice from someone who wasted a lot of money and time for this product, just save your money and invest in an installation an actual ceramic coating on your car. Do not waste your money and time with this fake spray stuff that does not do anything, it's all an illusion.Otherwise feel free to try it and agree to everything I said about this product
I only wish the doors would spring all the way open, but I like that they rest open unlike many other pill boxes.  It seems sturdy at day 1!
This sound machine comes with a total of 36 sounds (i.e. 6 each of fan, white noise, nature, ocean, tones like rain and thunderstorm, and hypnotic sounds). This is NOT battery operated. It is packaged with a USB cable, the unit itself, and a regular instruction pamphlet.Operation is simple as per my video. All the controls, except for the timer slider and light, are in the front of the unit. I have to "hold press" the ON  OFF button in the front to turn it ON and do the same to turn it OFF.There are 6 operational buttons  on the front. From left to right, the down arrow moves to the next sound mode, the broken circle cycles through the sound in the current sound mode. The ONOFF button is in the center and then the minus (decrease) and plus (increase) buttons control the volume.A tap on the top of the unit turns on the nightlight. There are three  states of light on, light absorption (breathing light), and light off. If I "press hold" it will change the brightness. Despite what I said in my video, I discovered that if I lightly press the ONOFF button while the sounds are playing, it will suspend the current sound and I will be able to operate this as a nightlight only without the sounds. I did not think I could do that.The timer slider in the back has only a 30 or 60 minute option or continuous running mode. There is also a headphone jack on the back to the right of the port of the USB cable.In summary, the sounds on this unit are crisp and clear. It has a larger selection than many units on the market. The nightlight is a nice touch but I wish they had colored lights and I wish this was battery operated. No AC adapter is included for the USB cable but most people will have one in their house.  The current price of $27.99 is competitively priced for this. Know that there will never be more than 36 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played. I am partial to the sounds of nature myself.
I don't like that it's stated as a massager and it's not.  MisleadingI do like the red light therapy with the heat that this device has.  I know red light therapy is great to help with circulation.  Have been using red light therapy for a few years now.  So, I like having a device specifically for my neck area.Does heat up nice and it's soothing.But, if you're looking for a massager, this isn't it.
so far i really like it.  the seller sent an email on what to do when the brush arrives and how to care for the brush.  so far no hair has fallen out.  I really like it.  only problem is that the brush is just a little thick to easily use it with the Perfecto  brush standit has been a bit over a week now, and I love the brush.  it is way better than the cheap ones I've had before
I thought the &#34;adjustability&#34; of this shoe horn would be good.  And it might have been... EXCEPT for the spring just above the horn.  It makes the shoe horn completely unusable as it bends at the spring!  So... your foot won't slide into the shoe!  If you need a little extra length because bending over is an issue, definately go for the solid, long handle.  I just pitched this one and purchased a solid long handle shoe horn.  Works like a dream.  For the life of me I cannot imagine how anyone thought this one would work.  Garbage.
This is like a roll-on perfume, only it's infused with essential oils instead. I love the scent of freshly squeezed orange juice, so I adore this scent. It smells fruity but the predominant scent is orange. It feels great putting some of this on after a nice refreshing shower. On the downside, if you use too much you do feel a slight greasy residue on your skin, so I would use it sparingly, like a perfume. But overall I like it.
This is far better than drinking the teas.  I do not enjoy tea, or the taste.  So this is a great addition to my detox days.  Just pop a pill and I can instantly feel like i am more focused and less bloated.  I do not get the sudden urges to use the bathroom, i am eased into going.  My skin is clear, my stomach is less bloated, and i have more stamina.
I have been enjoying this little Sonic face cleansing gadget. I haven't any prior experience to these (facial cleansing brushes always seemed to be spinning style, and I didn't not want that style) but I pretty much knew what to expect, and understand how it works. The soft silicone surface is the cleaning brush area, and it is static. Vibration behind it gives action to the silicone bristles and it gently provides cleansing power. There are multiple vibration options with a short press of a button (long press to hold on). Auto memory features remembers your last setting.As with ANY skin cleansing brush, if you have a face full of make up plan to remove it with a cloth first (the idea being that bristles and massage could work it down into pores? Your  experience, school of thought may vary).There is no need to press hard against skin, just let it glide. I use small gentle circles over a wet face slathered in skin cleanser. I don't wear much in make up but I always wear sunscreen and other layers of skin care. I often double cleanse because of this. Usually an oily balm followed by a cream cleanser (I have dry skin). For this, I have been skipping the first cleanse with an oil balm and just using the cream cleanser-- figured for testing purposes to keep it the same for several uses.And no, it doesn't create lather, bubbles.. it isn't a circulating brush. Stationary silicone brush with vibration behind it. But it cleans! I thought, well is it just a hand held soft scrubber? How could it be better than a wash cloth? It is so much better than a wash cloth. And so much more gentle. And more hygienic.Maybe other kinds are better, but I can only tell you my experience and thoughts on THIS "AVJONE Sonic Facial Cleansing Brush"-- and is a budget friendly option too.Maybe it will vary among users, but my skin felt and looked clean. Not only that, but I have been really enjoying the experience of using it. My night time skin care routine in particular is a sacred time. I aim to enjoy it rather than see it as a chore. So I enjoy using more pamper worthy products, tools, hair bands, etc. Me time. And, this has added to my experience. It is.. relaxing. The whether I use the vibration at lowest setting, or highest, it has a calming sensation. I use it on face, neck, and chest.  The recommended time for cleaning is 1 minute, and it will turn off after 3. I go almost the full 3 since I am adding in my neck and chest--and I am taking it slowly. No scrubbing, rubbing, or pressure. Just gentle circles around skin.My cleanser is massaged in, it is moved around a little (the nubs don't move in circles, there is a vibration under them), and then when all done I rinse my face and it looks so.. fresh, bright, clean. I feelsee no traces left behind of sunscreen. The lotion was effectively broken down by this. It is a notable difference from hand washing, or washing with a washcloth.So for me, it works. I AM enjoying this.The small device is comfortable in hand. Easy to use. I like the base that it sits on. There is a small hole for DRAINAGE.  I rinse off the device after each use, but don't dry it off, so I like that it sit up perfectly in this base.I really have come to like and appreciate silicone for use in cleaning my face and body. Seems so much more hygienic.The charger is usb on one end and a magnetic attachment at the device. Mine came charged, and so other than an initial plug-in to make sure it worked, I haven't had to charge it any. I have used it 5 nights now, each night for 2-3 minutes at a time. (debating on whether I canshould use it nightly or not). Charger may feel hot to touch, and is normal. Do NOT charge for more than 24 hours.When I do have to finally get around to charging it, I will just have to lay it on a wash cloth or counter top. The base is not for setting device in while charging. I suppose maybe one day they could redesign the base to include both a drainage hole and a charging portPS. The direction state NOT to use it with clay-based cleansers, silicone-based or granular based cleansers, exfoliating creams or scrubs.Use cream cleansers, oil cleansers, water based cleansers. The usual-- just not something that could damage silicone, andor create too much(combined) friction on face.That's it! I like it. As I use it more, if I experience anything worth sharing, I will be back to update.
I previously bought a small set of dental tools to use at home for removing plaque between my routine office cleanings. I ordered this set on a whim and I’m so glad I did. It is so much nicer than my old set! Each tool is very sturdy and is longer than any of the tools from my first set. The ones I’ve used so far work quite well. It would have been nice to have included some instructions though because this set comes with a lot more than my old one (which only had two tools plus the little mirror). I’m not sure what some of these tools are for. I’m sure they all have a specific special purpose, I just don’t have any idea what some of them are. This set comes in a nice case for storage or travel. I’m definitely glad I decided to get these.
I have a smaller mouth and these are actually a good fit.  At first I could only chew on them for a short time, but slowly I have been able to build up my time with them.  I like them lots better than the $25 one out there.
bigger then I thought.
Just what I've been looking for.
This smells amazing. Blends well. All around surprisingly nice for a vegan protein powder. It has risen to the upper ranks of hubbies favorite protein powders.
I like it. Works as advertised. Not a perfect substitute for an honest to goodness paint touch up job. But you must know that no wax product is that fantastical. It does however mitigate very nicely the little speckly imperfections and tiny chippy marks in your blue paint. I used this product in black when I had a 12 year old black vehicle and it worked great! This blue is very good, not as great as the black, but on my Nissan Murano blue from 2007, it created a great improvement.
I am using a combination of fasting and the Adkins diet to lose weight and this helps me limit my calorie intake on the days I am fasting. I generally try to stay under 500 calories on a &#34;fast day&#34; and this helps curb my hunger and they taste good.
The product was delivered on time, packaging was in good condition, the product was in good condition and appeared to be as described, and after use met expectations for fit, form, and function.
My second purchase.  Every two years like clockwork, I needs to renew my transformer.  No more service alls.  This 75 yr old grandma can do it herself!  Reasonable priced.  Quick, professional delivery.  Perfect fit!
Seems to be working fine.  No side effects.
Works perfectly, on batteries.
I probably won't use these; since they weren't expensive I probably won't return them, but when I used them to block my wife's snoring, unlike my Anker headphones, instead of silence, I could hear my heartbeat and my own breathing so loud, that was as bad as the snoring.  The Anker ANC headphones while uncomfortable to sleep with give me a wonderful pure silence.  I'm going to look for active noise canceling buds instead.
I got this for my best friend for Christmas as a &#34;gag&#34; gift, and she loved it! She uses it religiously. The light really helps to find those hidden stones in the crannies of your tonsils. The three different attachments really help as well.
good refills for the journal
Awesome for quartering ducks after the hunt.
This was not for me. The straps were too wide to fit under my arms comfortably
I just got this product today. I was a little nervous that this product would taste like fish burps i had in the past from capsules of fish oil i took before. I am very delighted to report that the flavor is very acceptable. It tastes like oil with a slight lemon flavor. The fishiness of the flavor is very slight and almost imperceptible.Im going to take 2 teaspoons a day and see if that lowers my cholesterol which is now slightly too high. Ill update this review in the future.
It's natural,great for scalp
I loved the look of these bags - very blingy with three different kinds of glitter - silver, gold, rose gold. They are not made of the usual thin paper and are meant to be re-used, not just thrown away after one use, making them environmentally friendly, which is a plus.The bags are on the small side, however, so they seem best suited for swag bags or intimate gifts of jewelry rather than large birthday or holiday presents. This impression is solidifed by the fact that the bags come with tags saying "Thank You' on them. I wish there had been other tags included as well, like "Seasons Greetings" or "Happy Birthday!" This kind of limits their usefulness but it's easy enough to include your own tag. Overall these are great for gift-giving.
This cleans my tongue really well without leaving a metallic taste.  I use the scraper every morning, and it really helps me to wake up and feel like my mouth is crystal clean to start the day.  I do dry it off after every use so that it does not rust (and so far, so good!).As a funny note:  I keep this in the same cup as my toothbrush head, and if I lift my toothbrush head out at the wrong angle, the magnet sticks to the scraper and they both come out together!
It stays stuck to the wall of the shower for maybe two showers.  Any small bump and it falls off.  Does not hold the shower head except at one angle.  Would not recommend to anyone.
I used these to block out my loud roommate when I was trying to sleep- works great! They are a bit difficult to wash but overall very handy. I would purchase these again!
no instructionswere added to the item.no how or when to use
Great iron for getting your ferritin up!
This product needs no soap. It contains cleansers and a calming lavenderchamomile scent. Great for  a quick wash. Fabulous for any kind of travel. Easy to use.
Great Product For Your Lungs.
I mean, cute, but do not bend in the waist or tail, only arms.  As a result, I can’t really post them in anyway that looks realistic.
The current price of $9.99 for this ensemble is excellent and the mask alone is worth that price. However, if the price were more than $12.99, I would have rated this 2 or 3 stars due to the additional items included.This comes in a giftable box and includes a sleep mask, a silk eyeshade (like another mask), and disposable foam earplugs in a plastic case.I am very impressed with the foam mask. It is a cushiony soft, but full-bodied sleep mask. This mask has eye cutouts. There is also an adjustable strap in the back. Since there is an eye socket channel, I can open my eyes underneath without touching the front of it and it blocks out all light incredibly well. It feels like it is made of cloth covered form. It is comfortable to wear and fits me very well and is not too snug. It does not move around when I lay down with it. Overall, I really love the mask.However, the eye shade feels more like a lightweight silk mask. Even when I extend the adjustable strap all the way, it pulls tight around my eyes, is useless at blocking all light, and is supremely uncomfortable. The ear plugs are also just junk to me. They should leave out both items. I only took off one star because the mask is 5 stars. If they left out the other junk, I would have rated this 5 stars at the current price of $9.99.
My husband says it works great for his back
I am a fairly regular Soylent user (the bottled 2.0 liquid).  This is the previous version, the dry &#34;you mix it, just-add-water&#34; version.It's not bad provided your expectations are set beforehand.Even after copious shaking in the bottle, there is a slight grittiness and texture that is nearly non-existent in the 2.0 pre-mixed.  The flavor is different as well.  The bottled 2.0 reminds me of the leftover milk after eating a bowl of Cheerios.  This (v 1.8 dry mix), the flavor is more akin to pancake batter.  Which is fine, as long as you know that going in, and don't find the taste of pancake batter unappealing.All in all, I prefer the taste and convenience of the 2.0 but can picture taking this on hiking treks where you are pumping water from a stream along the way and don't want to carry the weight.  It should also store longer, seeing as how it is a dry mix.  Great for putting away with your emergency supplies I would think.
Very useful when I steam veggies for more than one person. Three minute shot and done.  Very quick ..and easy to clean.  I choose ceramicsas a healthy and attractive choice....preserving nutrients and making us think, at least, that the food is appealing  An alternative to overcooked,boiled and tasteless vegetables. ( I also steam yams - it's very quick and the result is moist and so tasty.)
Perfect size. Works to relax muscles
I had attach these to two pieces of wood as we had several storms with pretty high winds that blew them off the house. With on the wood I could keep them attached better
Sizing WAY off.  This is ASIAN sizing, not US sizing!  An Asian #14 is about equivalent to a US #6
Really surprised how bad this product is all around considering it’s billed as the latest thing in teeth whitening. Hard to get the swabs out then handle is too shout for effective use. Worse yet it stings on the gums after the first use & makes teeth hurt even when not using-particularly when brushing. In addition it will not work on a synthetic tooth. I have one in front that was shattered in an accuse& replaced & is darker than my natural teeth. This made things worse by slightly lightening the other teeth but not the dark one! Wish I could get my money back-what a waste.,
Husband wanted this for his wool socks. They are like new again.
Not a bad suppliment at all. Helps relieve some aches and pains in my knees. Over all a good suppliment
I love the taste, its very good
Mom's podiatrist recommended this for her, and it works fine.
I only use this on my shower curtain and to scrub the floor with my batter powered brush .  Does a great job
Monoi smells awesome, but I can only smell if the air vents are blowing high. It's not a freshener that can be smelled when you enter a closed up vehicle... for the price, I wouldn't recommend or buy again
I can't make up my mind whether these are good for the environment or not. They're meant to be disposable but only after you've used them a number of times. They look like paper towels but are thicker, with some of the durability of a rag. Yet, because they look like paper towels, it's fairly easy to toss them out accidentally after only one use if you forget. I know I did.These are good if you remember not to toss them out after one use - so I suppose they're no worse or better than rags, which you must toss out eventually. At any rate, anything disposable, no matter how many times you re-use it, is not good for the environment. But if you must use something like a paper towel, I suppose you could do worse than these.
I'm a big fan of mushrooms - the more I use this stuff, the better I feel.  I'm 67, and like how clear-headed I feel when I take it regularly. Also it contributes to a better flow of energy throughout the day.
Exactly as described. Works well.
Excellent quality good amount great price fast shipping , definitely buy again. Thank you
Definitely a different texture than regular baking soda - silkier and less clumpy. If you’ve ever opened one of the ones that come with suction cups for the fridge, it’s the same kind. I wish the holes were a little smaller or, even better, that there were two sets of holes so I could pick how quickly it comes out. That being said, it’s very convenient.
Served purpose for which intended--used to hand wash dishes while kitchen being remodeled--without sink.
This is okay but I went back to Prebiotin powder prebiotic.
Scratchy top-stitching along edges!  We have to cover the pad with a double-folded Queen-sized sheet to make a smooth surface for our little girl to sleep on.  It does the job of protecting the mattress from moisture.  She seems to be staying dry at night, otherwise I would return this.
Love this veggie scrubber!! Easy to wrap fingers around and get a good grip. Love that its wooden.
Maty's is the best chest rub I have found after 15 years of being a mom and 4 children nothing I have found works better. In addition to so thing a cough and cold it is very calming. The all natural ingredients don't leave a greasy feeling in irritate the skin. We don't only use it for illness, we use it when my children ...the 15, 12, 9 or 4 year old are feeling anxious or sleepless. On the chest and feet, you will be amazed ! I never want to be without this so I keep a backup jar in our medicine cabinet at all times.
So here's what happened - purchased six of these at Costco, I fogged the yard with maybe two and a half, I went from tons of mosquitoes to none, no bites, nada. I had no issues for almost a week. I was singing this things praises.A week or so after this the mosquitoes are back, I break out another two cans and spray. They're back in about thirty minutes. We move inside.A week after this I open my car up, there're 12 or so that fly in and I spend a very disturbing ride to daycare being told by my 4yo they're on my 2yo and having to stop and kill some fairly large skeeters. My yard has now bred super skeeters.I get back home, there's a swarm. Wade out into the swarm armed with two cans of this and spray. My backyard smells like pledge, I didn't see one of them drop. I mean I was spraying this directly into a mass of flying mosquitoes and other than some course correction for getting soaked nothing.I got some of the non-natural cutter hose attachment spray and wiped out the hoard with two bottles. I will mention this to Costco next time I'm over there and see if I'm the only one.
Love the length, makes it so much easier to reach the back of my head. The one flaw that bugs me every time is that the power button sits right were my thumb goes when holding it upside down so I’m constantly accidentally turning it off. It’s annoying but once you get used to it, you can avoid it.
I started using this product back in november and it has only been a few months and the iron has stopped functioning. It does not get as hot as it did in the first couple months. It simple stays warm but not warm enough to iron your hair. Save your money and time and invest in an iron that may cost a little more but will last much longer. And the return window they provide is not long enough to test out whether or not the iron works. Very disappointed.
One towel to clean and one to dry. What a pain.
Don't understand the hype. Didn't moisturize my lips at all. Threw it away
I can’t give an honest opinion because my doctor prescribed a larger dosage than the OTC brands.
Can’t hear at all with these.
Only issue with this tissue package group is that there are quite a bit fewer in box now...so run through boxes like water.
Nice product - but beware that cornstarch can cause fungal growth, yet breathing and applying talc has a whole other set of problems.
Hubs swears by this stuff.  He used to always complain about his neck being stiff and sore and says it's been fine for a long time since taking Viva Glucosamine every day.  He even asked me to put it on regular re-fill order.  I take it when I can remember too and it seems to help my crackling knees.
This was a nice back support, but the straps would get to loose due to the material and it sliding on my shirt. I also got to big. I am 5'5" 150lbs and got XL. It does depend on your Jean size on most measurements I would say not just weight. I am an 1113. XL was to big and I couldn't tighten it on my own. It comes with an extender for the waist part so I wouldn't be to concerned about it not fitting to tight in the tummy.  I just would rather have something super tight to make me stand up straight. It is a nice back brace if you get the right size!
Cute. Whatever it takes to make the kids brush!
highly recommended to buy
I have Yorkies with notoriously bad teeth. I bought this item to try to help keep them clean. It said for small dogs so I bought it. Not sure what they consider “small” but this toy is huge and bigger around than their mouths. It has a gross plastic smell. Neither dog would get near it. I’m giving it to the neighbor for her big dogs.
My daughter actually takes this for vitiligo, because it has most of the supplements she needs. Between this and the additional supplements, we are seeing improvements; I have to believe this is contributing.
Not too bad at all. The suction works just fine but the part to hold the shower spray is too small to be a more secure way to hold the shower spray. Maybe I need to tighten it up even more but when I look at the part that is part of the shower system, the original is bigger enough to hold the spray in place without dropping it or causing it to turn around when the water is on. It might work for you just fine and likely will make a difference depending on the place you attach the grip.
My 85 yo mother has low vision and struggled with nail clippers. These were perfect. She still needs independence and these help in a small way.
I'm sure this would work if I could stomach it. The taste alone is so horrid I ended up mixing it with some other flavors to get it palatable.. which didn't work. The thought of the taste makes me gag... yes, it's that bad for me.Two stars for not adding a bunch of crap, but minus 3 stars because I'm going to throw it away since the taste makes me gag.
Will not cut a small pill without really having to hold it watch it and move it around
Like Kleenex better than puffs.
Color is a little faded transparent gold, thin but okay quality!
Works perfect for my needs. I have to take daily medication and it holds a bunch of pills and takes up so much less space then trying to carry around each bottle.
With this mister, you can change regular water into a hydrogen-rich treatment. In addition to hydration, you get the benefits of preventing oxidation. The device is small enough to fit in most bags and is ideal for travel. It's a good way to refresh your skin on the go or to keep it moist between skincare steps. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I do not like the boxes the tissues are in.  Who designs these things?? they're terrible.  But the tissues are the softest I have found, therefore I purchase them, yucky boxes and all.
I cannot believe how just drinking a great tasting tea ( which I love to do) can have such a profound affect on my complexion. Well I can tell you that it does, my skin is soft and glowing and to be honest I do use skin care products that are all natural or that don't have such rash chemicals in them and they do work great. However after trying this tea my results have doubled even tripled in some areas like my glowing complexion and the softness of my skin. I'm 53 and people have actually accused me of jokingly lying about my age, most think I'm in my early forty's What? Thanks Baetea for the opportunity to try this amazing tea. I know some of you already knew the benefits of tea and I do to for health and overall wellbeing, but for skin and complexion I had no idea.
Held up in wind. Ribbons that came with it too short. Wish they were a bit longer but fishing line worked.
This got the job done, but if you try to move it around under your desk with your feet, it will collapse. There are places where the metal stick (not rod- it's not that sturdy) are supposed to click into slots, but the slots are too big so it doesn't stay in place when you move it. This is way too cheap to cost nearly $100.
This little thing is a great shaver and trimmer. It does the job and it's really compact, which will be great for travel.
Amazing tool for every kitchen. Removes tea stains from cups with a single swipe with just plain water. Removes baked on grease, cleans without marring surfaces, and gets stubborn spots off frying pans when food sticks.
Meh. It's a weird applicator to use for makeup. The way that is is cleanable is great for reducing the spread of bacteria, but the way it applies your makeup is kind of odd and patchy and dry. Not sure if I would purchase it again.
Drink a bottle of this for recovery. It will hydrate your body and also restore minerals that you have lost from exercising. Your body will thank you for the coconut water based recovery drink. It has the BCAA's to help with glucose uptake in your muscles. It has taurine to up your workout game. Collagen peptides are in to help rebuild muscle. And then you have the other vitamins, minerals and salts to rehydrate your body and get you going again.
Since our 5 month old daughter was born she has had sensitive skin and we are very cautious about the products we use. With our previous 2 children we did not have this issue so we never bought Dreft products before. I purchased the newborn laundry soap for her clothes and noticed she was getting milk stains on her burp cloths, and bibs. Without hesitation we purchased this stain remover since the laundry soap works so good and does not break her out. This spray is amazing! It will get ANYTHING out of clothes. We stock this spray like its going out of style and I now use it on my 2 and 10 year olds cloths also! The smell is good, and its perfect for anyone with skin sensitivity or allergies. We also use the dreft stain remover pens when we are on the go! They fit perfectly in diaper bags, purses, etc! Definitely recommend this product to anyone with children or frequent stains as it is the best on the market! Now only if there was a fabric softener from Dreft (if there is i have yet to find it!) we would be 100% Dreft users. For now we will just use the free & clear from Downy!!!
I have purchased this product more than once because it works for me. It brought my pressure down 10 - 15 points and now I am on just one medication rather than two. I was able to get of my beta blocker. This might not work for everyone and for 30 bucks, it's worth a try to see if it is right for you.  Note: The tablets are quite large and might be difficult for some to swallow. Dose is 3 per day (each bottle has 90 tablets)  MSRP is $39.95
I love this stuff. I put it in hot tea in the evenings. I would and have recommended to friends.
Great torch lighter, well constructed, feels sturdy and fits perfectly in my hand.  It is bigger than I expected which I like because it holds a lot of gas.  Easy push button, lights every time.
It works well. It took quite a few pumps to get good traction.
What I wanted and needed
my go to morning tonic.....every morning
Size is weird for eyes.  Can't keep them on.  They need to be secured in towel or something.
If you need this for one burst, for one party. Then this may be for you.I bought two of these. Loved the look, and the ease of use. I bought them early, and didn't need for a few months, but did test them. I took them to the first gig, and they worked. I only used them for two bursts, no longer than 15sec each... Then nothing from one of them. No more blowing. the LED lights still worked great and showed that i still had connectivity, but the blowers died.After the next try the second one also died. I know what you may be thinking, maybe it was bad power, or a surge. the power was fully tested and good. the internal fuse was still in good shape and working fine.I contacted customer support, and they told me to send a video of the issue, and they would help. So i did that... NO RESPONSE. I emailed again and they totally ignored it. Unfortunately Amazon says that they can't do anything. So much for the A-Z guarantee haha.Anyway I wish they would have worked great for me, as the concept if good, and the lights are great. But I don't like the idea of paying $400 for each time I need confetti.
Love this tool. It works great abs my feet look amazing and feel amazing. I will be purchasing another one when this one is done. ☺️
A nice change from all those orange flavored vitamin C gummies. I kept thinking these were blueberry flavored but they are supposed to be grape.  I think it could pass for either because the flavor isn't very strong.I love that these are vegan and the cute little gummy bear shapes. You are supposed to take 2 a day.  I've been taking these everyday along with my regular multivitamins. There's only 20mg of vitamin C in each serving but it's an extra boost on the amount I'm already taking, plus there's zinc (3mg) and echinacea (10mg).
Gentle and effective. My teeth have never been cleaner.
Not quite as high quality as I was hoping for, but it works well.  We will see how long it lasts, may edit this review in a few months. Also had to trim out the opening for the charger to plug in, it wasn't big enough for my charger cord to fully seat.
These clippers didn't really do good for my shaggy Yorke's hair. They did fine using the main blade alone on the shorter groin hair when shaving so it would probably work for a short haired animal. Just not on shaggy Yorkie hair so for me I would not buy them again.
Okay, well it’s okay, kind of short like its designed for short people.  The first thing I am confused about and need to bring it up is the brand, mines came with Chinese writing all over it, so I'm not sure about YWSHF Spin Sweeper 3 in 1 this name is featured online.  Makes me feel like I was shipped a knock off brand, also the color shows turquoise but I received a royal blue unit.It works okay, does not pick up anything big, not sure about the peanut and shells they should this unit picking up, possibly because what I received might be a knock off.  But again, it’s okay, it’s a good thing it only cost $12.99, oh but wait I could have gotten it off of eBay for cheaper with a few extra items.
Amazing leaves , Great service , Thank you .Will tell friends and buy again. A++
I love this straightener because it's small - small enough I could throw it in my purse or laptop case. And because it charges using my laptop, I can use it anywhere - in the car, in a hotel, or in my office. It's the perfect travel solution. It charges quickly, holds a charge well, and heats up in seconds. Perfect gift idea for the traveler in your life.
doesn't stick to shoe.
If you are looking for something to help with your sitting comfort, this Wondergel will help. This is my second purchase, I bought one for my wife and I. Very please with the purchase.
My son has a varied, healthy diet, but as a toddler, the majority of the new foods I give him end up on the floor or in the trash. He particularly despises meat, so I looked for an iron-containing vitamin to make up the difference. These vitamins taste pretty good (I've tried them too), and my son claims they taste like candy. His most recent hemoglobin blood test revealed no low levels for him. He also keeps growing quickly, so it must be working.
I will get one every year!
I love these earplugs. They are great for sleeping and for swimming. Best earplugs on the market right now.
It came already opened, which is gross. I never listen to these types of reviews because of course this doesn't always happen and I'm the unlucky one. But it's very disappointing because I was really looking forward to using this.
Bought because I got COVID. My mom was telling me she was worried about my O2 dropping, so I basically just got this to help ease her worries. Seemed to work well and my O2 stayed above 90, usually above 95, so that was good.
The bath sponges came safely secured tightly sealed there was no air in the package. The sponges are a decent size large enough for my son's body four came in a pack, he is super happy to have these sponges.
I liked it didn't disintegrate, and food didn't stuck, a bit thin though
These compression socks are super comfortable, easy to get on and easy to get off. The wide calf design makes these super comfortable for long term wearing. To me they felt like I was wearing socks but still provided me with the supportcompression I need. The price for this pair is still less than I paid for one compression sock from the drug store and isn't nowhere near as comfortable as these. Will purchase more even though I only need one compression sock.
They would be more comfortable if they were the full length of the shoe.
Great to have on hand
Gets everything out of my little one's nose my hubby even uses it
I was hoping this would be a handy multifunction trimmer and chose it because of the large assortment of attachments. The trimmer works well with the preinstalled attachment and the blade is sharp enough for a relatively close shave without bloodshed. However, trying to remove it is impossible.  According to the instructions you need to grasp the unprotected blade head with your finger to release it and then pull it out by the sides.  Whilst I was trying to position my hand so as not to engage the large power button that is literally the entire upper half of the shaver's body, I felt the blade bending on my third attempt and gave up. Also included in these kits was an empty USB power block casing. In addition to some major design flaws. where is the quality control?
Nice well made sleep masks.  Soft fabric, light as a feather.  Comfortable too.
I used this stuff for like 3 months and it did absolutely nothing... like nothing at all. I work out regularly and I was pretty sad about it.
Incredible buy, very well made, lights and alarm work perfectly. I'm talking this on my Russian river cruise!!!!
If I knew this replacement cover is this expensive I would ever put this item on my baby shower registry!
Don’t waste your money. Just buy some apple cider vinegar, it works much better.
No pinching and curls easily!
Great size! I'm always cold so I sit with this on the couch behind me to keep me warm. My husband uses his for various other needs and we are both please with it. The large size is great but the material is best. We used to have to warm the old one up to just be able to manipulate and flatten it as it was the hard plastic material. This one is more blanket-like. Great purchase and was fsa eligible so even better!
When my doctor suggested stinging nettle root to help me breathe I decided to research and see the benefits and cons of the herb. The more I researched the more the all natural supplements sounded like the right choice. I looked at many different brands before deciding on these. I'm satisfied that I got these. The capsules aren't too big to swallow and leave no nasty aftertaste. With any kind of supplements you'd expect to be able to smell the ingredients but these have no smell. They start working within a few days of beginning them and within one week I was breathing better than I had in years. They help to clear out sinuses and keep chest clear do breathing is easier. These are a less expensive brand and are a great value for the money.
We live in sunny and hot Southwest Florida. Having proper eye protection during the day is critical to your long-term eye health.  Not only that but my eyes have changed as I've aged and I need reading glasses to see anything up close.  Finding a way to keep both pairs of glasses close and handy became very important to me.  After seeing a friend wear both pairs of glasses around his neck I realized that his method worked very well.Since you virtually have one or the other pair of eyeglasses on most of the time, there just appears to be one pair hanging from your holders across your upper chest.  Need to put on your sunglasses when going outside?  Just switch from your reading glasses. No more putting your eyeglass cases down and forgetting to take them with you.  No more glasses falling out of your pockets and getting bent or broken when you (or a friend) steps on them.I bought two different pairs to try out, these HOLDIE Classic PU Leather and a new pair of Croakies Premium Leather.  Both are leather, both have adjustable rubber clips to fasten to the bows of the eyeglasses, and both can be adjusted to fit just about any type of eyeglass bow.  These are both versatile because the design of the rubber clips allows you to fasten them to most types of eyeglass bows. The type of holder that has hollow cloth (or rubber) ends lets the glasses slip out of the holders and fall off.  Plastic clips (instead of rubber) tend to break under stress.These HOLDIEs are a &#34;Number One Best Seller&#34; on Amazon with 191 reviews and a 4.3 star average rating.  They are sold in a 3 pack for $12.99 for an average cost of $4.33 per unit.  Each of the three units comes in a different color for matching your outfits: black, dark brown, and light brown.  Nice touch that.  My only concern is that the leather straps (26&#34; long) are flat and made of raw leather.  That can be a problem in hot climates as raw leather (think leather watch bands) can absorb sweat and begin smelling a bit funky.Overall though it's nice to have three different colors and know that they are well-made.  They also have a bead in the center of the strap to allow you to tailor the length to whatever you are comfortable with.  Made in China but well executed.
Bought this oil to aid with bad yeast under the armpits and upon putting it on the itching and swelling were under control. I will be buying this again.
See disclaimer below:This Glucosamine Chondroitin MSM combination is great! I wanted to try it because I have a lot of joint pain and am seeking a diagnosis for Ehler's Danlos, a connective tissues disorder, so I'm trying to find things that will support joint health and maybe help relieve a little of the back and knee pain I experience. I know that this company has really high-quality products and I've been very pleased with this one. The gelatin capsules are so much easier to take than the big pills I've bought over the counter in the past and there is very little smell and no taste. I have to take a lot of medicine already so that is a huge plus for me. It also helps cartilage health, immune system, and hair, skin, and nails. So it covers a lot which I appreciate. Less supplements to take is always better in my book. I highly recommend this product, especially for the joint health as I have begun to notice a difference in my knees particularly.
And I'm no kid any more!  I've tried traditional massagers - the electric ones and those manual roller kind and they don't work for me.  I have very sensitive soles - one would think after 6 decades I would have some tough, leather foot soles, but no, they are extremely tender and sensitive to just about everything.  I do have a regular foot bath massager that's okay because I do put epsom salts in it and fill with very warm water and let it "jiggle" my feet for a while and I always have a big towel handy to dry off my feet...then I have to wrestle that full of water massager to the sink to dump it out, clean it out and let it sit out to dry before storing it...nice, but a pain, right?  This foot steamer is still large like all foot massagers of any type are, but what was nice is the small amount of water used so that didn't add weight to the unit that I had to deal with afterwards - big plus!  The steaming I tried on medium first...as I said, I have fairly tender, sensitive soles and the medium steam was warm to my feet, but not uncomfortable.  I'd not tried a foot steamer before and was surprised at how it made not just my feet but ME feel - relaxed and much more comfortable than I had been when I started.  I just wish it could use essential oils or the special teas made for (body) steamers as I think that would be a boost to how my feet felt after using it, but that's just a thought...all in all, I love this foot steamer.
Copaiba oil is a very important component in the care of a family member who has, amongst other health problems, a muscle cramping problem. Post-cramp, a little massage using coconut oil and a few drops of copaiba oil, has proven to be the most effective way to ease sore muscles. We have tried many over-the-counter products but nothing beats copaiba oil and there are no contraindications with the prescription meds.There was a snafu in shipping but the seller made it more than right.
Very relaxing, love there stuff.always the best supplements at the best price. The real deal. No sugar and fillers. Buy
Puff and durable
This really really really works. Helps hide your smoking habit!
I've taken prescription Meclizine for Vertigo for years, and this Rising Health Meclizine seems to work just as well. It makes me a little sleepy, just like the rx, and gets rid of most of the spinning, just like the rx. I get it really bad sometimes, so nothing gets rid of the spinning and nausea completely, but I'd be in rough shape if I didn't keep this on hand. This Rising Health Meclizine works great and I would definitely recommend it.
I like the fact that it has a decent amount of direct skin pain reliever, which I use for the near-unbearable pain of damaged nerves from herpes zoster.
Lost my old one and ordered this one. I wanted an electric corded one and THOUGHT they sent me the wrong one. They sent me another one and then I realized DUH that the first one was exactly what I wanted! Was told to keep the second one as a gift! Wow!This product works GREAT! I use it every night on my rough feet because I go barefoot all the time. Have used this brand for years and will continue to do so
Ziploc bags are, in my opinion, the most reliable. These bags are the same as the plain ones in the store, but with a large Green Bay Packers logo on one side. You can see what is in the bag on the backside. If you are a Packers fan, these will cheer you up. The logo is easy to ignore if you don't care about football! Gallon size is perfect for so many things!
So far, so good.  I have worn this for a few days and have felt an improvement in my left heel where previously I had much pain.  I hope the improvement lasts.
I'm very satisfied with these syringes. The markings are clear and easy to read, even for my old eyes. The plunger works smoothly with no binding regardless if the fluid is watery or thick.  They come in a box for easy storage, and each one is individually sealed.I use them for pet medications and for mixing DIY flavorings. Solid value for the price, especially if you can get it on a price dip. Highly recommend.
The work well
This shaker bottle is perfect for my pre and BCAAs. I used to refill my shaker bottle in the gym and never felt good about using that chlorinated water.  Also, very happy with the quality.
I bought these for my business. As a pure romance consultant I use this for my sample goody bags that I give out. It includes a couple samples, my business card and a couple pieces of candy! I love the different colors they come in and they were just the right size to fit everything in perfectly. They are very durable and the price is great! I definitely recommend buying these! 👍👍👍👍👍
It arrived quickly and it works just as it should. The display is big and bright so it's easy to read.
Vile stuff.  Has the texture of liquid oatmeal.
With so many plant saucers to choose from on Amazon, not sure why I selected these but they are the best saucers I have ever purchased.  Not a drop of water will ever get thru these things.  Nice think plastic - not like those flimsy ones you can purchase at the box stores that bend and are easily punctured.  Would definitely recommend.
top came unglued.
Can't say it whitens well, but it leaves me with fresh breath.
10 little patches the size of 2 normal patches. This product is a scam.
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.  THE CATS SEEM TO BE ATTRACTED TO IT
Personally, less sweet would be okay with me. The flavor is very good and tastes fruity much like raspberries.  This is actually a great product with all the other combined B Vitamins added. The bottle says 60 servings. I am taking a half dropper a day because of all other vitamins I take every day.  The bottle dropper works good and no leaks in cap rim as I shake it every time before using.  Still, I think it is critical to get enough B12 especially for us older folks.  This product also has a long expiration marked on the bottle. This brand deserves high marks except for being a bit oversweet. I still recommend it and feel it is a good value.
....and it's about to expire.
I purchased this for my elderly mother who has spinal stinosis. She much prefers this pad over the typical chair or scouter pad. This pad she takes everywhere. She loves it.
This product was amazing I took as instructed and my cardiologist said my cholesterol did lower. While I can't say it was solely this product I have to say it had to have been part of the reason. It was easy to take and there was no reaction to the supplement. I am definitely keeping this in my daily routine.
Followed instructions to the note and didn't see results or feel any difference. Easy to follow instructions and packets though.
I have purchased several Hekunn wooden spoons in the past and love them all.  This one is no exception.  It is high quality and put any wooden spoons I've purchased at department stores to shame.  I was able to participate in a promotional event and receive the spoon at a discounted price in exchange for writing an honest and unbiased review.  I gladly would have paid full price, though, because I love this company's products and I know they are worth the price.  They are beautiful as well as functional.  They are safe to use in non stick pans and also sturdy enough to use for stirring.  Before this spoon arrived their spatula had been my favorite product of theirs.  This right up there with it!  I spend a lot of time in the kitchen and appreciate any quality products that make my time in there easier and more enjoyable.  Products from Hekunn definitely fit that bill!  The products do take longer than some other products to arrive, but they are worth the wait!
They are very sturdy and precise
One day delivery, installed by daughter. Well made,works great.
I wouldn’t use the word softness to describe these. They are great go exfoliating, which is what they are designed for. I’m very happy with this product
Great tissues
This gloves are perfect for dish washing or other household cleaning duties. They keep your hands protect nicely during all these duties we love so dearly, not. They are a good quality product that should stand up the test of time quite nicely, only time will tell. These gloves come with a cotton flocking that makes wearing them nice and comfortable and absorbs your sweat to some degree. Getting a pair of these for $10 is very good so I can recommend purchasing these for sure!
This was a very brutal year in my area for pollen and allergies.  On top of everything, we did some renovations so there was dust and allergens absolutely everywhere for a while.  We (my husband and I) went through a bunch of allergy medicines and nothing really worked.  Then we tried this, on the advice of a friend.  I was absolutely amazed.  There was no fogginess, no druggy feeling, but our sinuses really opened up.  Quickly.  I'm just amazed at how well this works.  This product has earned a permanent place in my medicine cabinet!
Great quality hot water bottle. Love it.
These are nice tweezers. inexpensive too.
I like this better than my mia.Cleans great. Get the makeup off completely, livens up your face .
I felt a little mixed about this foot peel at first.  Nothing happened for about 4 days.  No peeling.  Then after a shower on about the 4th day my feet started peeling like crazy for about 4 more days.  In my ignorance I did this prior to an outing which required my bare feet to not look diseased so I scrubbed them like crazy w one of those cheese grater things. Even after that they were STILL peeling.  I would just say, use this with some caution.  You DO NOT want to use this right before a beach vacation.  If you do it 2 to 3 weeks before you want your feet looking good then you should be fine.
This is good and very moisturizing
Loved it for my granddaughter's 5th birthday party she loves mermaids and it was perfect
Doesn’t stay on, falls constantly while using. Dangerous. I only weigh 135 lbs and I can’t rest my foot on it. DO NOT BUY
Working great
I travel a lot and don't always have access to food. I like to carry these as they are convenient and tasty for a nutrition bar. The other types tend to be too large and too sweet tasting for me. This size is much better. I can eat enough without getting tired of the taste and is just enough to satisfy my hunger until I can get a proper meal.
This is the best value for rope style cotton for vaping using rebuildable atomizers on amazon.
Worthless product. Does not curl your lashes. At all.
I have used this product forever. Love it and will buy again.
I like that these contain 10 billion CFU from 4 different strains, and only one capsule per day is required.  There are 14 capsules in a bottle so it will last just for two weeks, making these probiotics kind of pricey at a little over one dollar per capsule.  That said, they didn't upset my stomach at all and I generally feel better when taking probiotics.  They don't contain, gluten, dairy or soy.
Its impossible to give a valid review, when I have only been taking a few days.  It takes a while to determine if there are any positive or negative reactions in such a short while
I love this! It's the perfect size to fit over my scooter
Helps the glasses while grocery shopping.
I thought this was a great idea, but it just ended up being a hassle. The seat part of is just loose fabric; I thought it looked like it had some stability on the sides in the photos, but it doesn't. It get incredibly heavy when wet, so it's not easy to hang as it feels like it's going to break off the hook.
This stuff really does keep your glasses on. I use it daily. It's especially good for workouts and when I run outside I use it on my sunglass. The only drawback is that the wax leaves a film if you get it on your lenses and you'll need a towel to get it off.
Ashwagandha powder is a new supplement here and new supplements are interesting for determining health improvement.A bit of research shows ancient homeopathic use in Africa. It's kind of strange that it's homeopathiccurative claims read like snake oil, but what the heck. There have been occasions that "new" supplements to me have been wildly effective … Glucosamine +MSM & Chondroitin being one from years ago … conversely after multiple trials of melatonin, it reduces my immune systems ability to prevent colds.Ashwagandha powder is worth a trial given the supplement grass roots attention it's getting.First, it doesn't smell like horse. It smells like garden soil to me and it smells like nothing to another nose. It tastes like nothing. Ashwagandha Powder does not effect the smoothie taste.We'll wait and see what happens.
Exactly what I was looking for. I take a few different medicines and one I have to on occasion split into half. To date I used a knife but that didn't usually work too well, but since it was a once in a while thing I made it work. I figured it was time and get a pill splitter. This one is perfect. Small and easy to use and in my eyes cute. It works well and you don't loose your pill halves after you are done either. Exactly what needed.
I put in my morning drinks or smoothies.
Daughter loved was broken when received.
My dog had surgery and, since this is not the first, I knew I would need packing material and bandages.  This worked great.
I purchased these toothbrush holders to add to shoeboxes for Operation Christmas Child. The holders are sturdy and much cheaper since I bought them in bulk.
I tried this when I was on vacation in Australia and loved the way it stuck - stayed put on an injured foot like nothing ever has before.  It doesn't leave that sticky residue, either.
Burns and only single or use twice before liquid solidifies.  For the use,  it didn't work as well as other name brands. Won't buy again
Update 2522: I tried to give this blow dryer a shot on the highest wind setting at medium heat. Mind you, it normally takes less than 10 minutes to dry my terribly fine thin hair. It didn't even make it halfway through before it crapped out. Dead. The plug didn't shut it off. It just died. With all of its shortcomings and now this, it's a definite no go...2322: This ENISECA 1875 Watt Negative Ionic Hair Dryer is not as versatile as it is made out to be. I was really looking forward to being able to change the temperature and wind settings to my liking. I have fine thin hair, and need a lower speed with hotter temperatures than most blow dryers have. With this blow dryer, it's impossible.The only time you can adjust the temperature is if it's on the highest wind speed, which is totally ridiculous. If you lower the wind speed at all, it goes to the coldest temperature, which is even more ridiculous. I do appreciate being able to change the temperature on the highest wind setting, but I need a lower wind setting and a higher temperature setting than cold. And, I do mean cold.After deciphering the meaning behind this seemingly faulty setting, they make it appear that a lower wind speed should only have low temperatures for children's sake. I didn't buy this blow dryer for a child, I bought it for myself. Furthermore, I would not want to blow dry my child's hair with cold air.This blow dryer could have been a super win all around, but instead it's a flop for me. It's fine if you only blow dry your hair on a mediumhigh speed at all times, but for those of us who don't or can't do that, it's pretty much useless. Just to note, the highest wind speed setting is not nearly high enough to please those with thick long hair, but it  get extremely hot. This is not my favorite.
Mixes very easy, tastes great, I mix it with almond milk.  I’m going to make some popsicles and see how that works as a treat.
These were great support for my daughter recovering from weakness and pain in her knees from running.Good product and prompt delivery.
I get hives after eating some foods, but these capsules take care of them quickly. I wish the company offered larger quantity bottles.
These come in two sizes in the container.  Neither one of them fit.  They felt a little too stiff, not suitable for me.
Good sturdy basket really holds up well i just went food shopping and help up like I couldn’t believe it.Only con is instructions are a little poor so i cant take it on off my scooter like its supposed toBut all in all glad i have it and not a closed up bag where i have to fumble to get things!
my kid snacked his face with the lanyard and left a mark. Looking for less stretchy
This system can whiten your teeth. It does it gradually. Follow all the directions and use only as instructed. Do not use more than recommended. Keep in mind that if you don't follow the directions, you could cause sensitivity in your teeth, gum irritation, sore throat and uneven whitening.
I don't taste it - add it to my smoothie daily - but I wouldn't mind the taste if I did taste it - I like mushrooms. This is keeping my brain happy during this awful year (2020). I recommend it!
Made a good purchase!
I had a Geo Matt from 15 years ago and loved.But figured it was time to replace.  These are good but not as good as the old ones.  They will not last 15 years but if they make it 5 I will be happy.  I love the way they feel.  I was first informed of them by a hospital and am glad,  The egg crate don't compare or the memory foam cover.Love these.
Vibrations definitely exceeded my expectations for the smaller size! I have another that is similar in size and appearance but its not as strong!!Product itself seems to be pretty well made and has a nice sleek look to it...And is comfortable to use. Buttons are easy to control and get to.Product packaging was also very well done. It comes in a box with the brands logo and then in a black velvet bag for more permanent storage.The bonus plug that is included is flexible and soft, but has a hard time staying in place.Overall, I am happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend. Would buy again.Item was received at a reduced price I'm exchange for an unbiased and honest review - that in no way affected my opinion
These round pink ice packs are manufactured by the same company that manufactures the blue round ice packs. I bought the blues ones about 3 months ago when I was suffering from my first attack of eyelid dermatitis. The blue ones worked well. They came in a travel handy plastic zippered case. They did take about 24 hours to get fully iced.I had a second attack of eyelid dermatitis this month and found that with the time required to ice, I needed more than 5 round ice packs in a day. So I ordered the cheaper pink packs because money is tighter this month. They came. First, they are not in a travel handy plastic zippered case. I will have to supply my own zip baggy. Second, now that I have started to use them, I am surprised because they seem to not stay icy as long as the blue ones. Why should color make a difference? The substance inside seems less gel like too. Am I crazy, imagining this?Between my osteoarthritis knees (yes, the right one is acting up now too) and what is turning out to be repetitive bouts of eyelid dermatitis, I am getting to be a connoisseur of icing and ice packs. So I don't think I am imagining this even if it seemingly makes no sense. Next time I order, it's is back to the blue ones and damn the higher cost. The pink ones work, they just work for a shorter time.BTW: Using these round packs for my right knee too: slip them between layers of my ace bandage wrap right over the medial point next to my patella that burns. The point is higher up than the medial meniscus so I have screwed up something different on the right knee than left knee. Learning to watch how I move my knees (very carefully) to prevent all future injuries. Going to watch sumo wrestling for overweight knee movement pointers. I am overweight but not sumo level (Oh Lord, thank you!) but between rx meds that make it hard and slow to lose weight and two medical conditions that make it hard and slow to lose weight, I need the big sumo guys help in knee movements. Help me sumo guys: how do you keep you knee joints in good shape?
This is a great snack. Low carbs and full of protein. Just right when the munchies hit.
Hibiclens is a very thin liquid and this pump has a strong pumping action.  The hibiclens tends to go everywhere, and it disperses too large of an amount.  Not sure if I will continue to use this.  I have found luck using a foaming dispenser with this.  Helps to keep it from getting everywhere.
Cons:  Adjusting screw is between the jaws, and interferes with picking up large items, like paper towel rolls.  Also very heavy for my wife.Pros:  Very sturdy.The suction cups seem like a waste.  Better without them.
Negative ion necklace - interesting idea and figured I'd try it.  So far it seems to make a difference.  Maybe not a huge difference yet, but I have noticed that I am more awakealert.  See, I'm in my 60s and I often will feel tired and if I am sitting, it's very easy for me to close my eyes and fall asleep just that fast.  With this necklace, it seems to help me resist falling asleep like that.  Maybe there are other benefits, but that's the one I have noticed.
Awesome is my first reaction. I love it. It is light weight and works great for my needs.
It feels nice. Looks pretty. Affordable. Does it feel work? I don’t know!
Easy to put on and pulls you how you need to stand.
I really like this holder. It clicks on my keychain and my oils are always handy
Comes conveniently boxed. Easily portable. Three adapters in one. Multi LED lights. Brightens just like whitener from dentist office. Mouth piece is comfortable. Soft.
You can go with a smaller one and spend half the day trying to irrigate your ear, or you can get this big one and be done with it already (nice and easy though, don’t bust an eardrum and rinse yer brains).
Great for meds and vitamins.... stay shut, easy to refill!
Yes it is a very good product.
I love this product! I have alot of muscle pain in my shoulders and this has allowed me to relax. Would definitely recommend!
I was very interested to try this supplement as I like to take most of what is in the pills for immunity especially during the stressful winter months.  I did not realize that a bottle only lasts 10 days if taken as directed.SIZEThe pill size is standard and not hard to swallow.ODORThe odor of the pills is not excessive or intense.DIGESTIVE ISSUESI had no issues with burping, upset stomach, or other digestive problems when taking this.HOW I TOOK THISI took this as two capsules a day when I was feeling a bit under the weather.DID IT HELP?I did see that it helped me just by taking 2 capsules in a day.HOW IS THIS SUPPOSED TO BE TAKEN?I was shocked when I read the instructions to take SIX capsules a day which amounts to this bottle only lasting 10 days.  That means at $20 a bottle (at the time of this review) that you would be paying $60 a month to take this supplement.  I am not sure it is worth that.COUNTRY OF ORIGIN?This says on the bottle that it is manufactured FOR a place in FL and FORMULATED in the US, but it does not say where it is actually made that I can find on the bottle.THE BOTTOM LINEAlthough this helped me some at a lesser dose than recommended, if taken as it says, it is pretty expensive.  I am not sure it is worth it to get 3 bottles a month.MY RATINGTHREE STARS.  Although it does work, it is a bit high priced and the bottle contains so little compared to monthly recommendations, I can not rate this higher than 3 stars.
I love this! It works well and smells nice. I practice hot yoga so this cleaner is a must!
I have fragile skin that tears with a normal bandaid. Even with being easy to remove, sticks very well.
Great product and delivered as promised.
Nice product...but cover to batteries really tough to take off.  LKB.
This has a great combination of herbs and really makes one feel healthy!
I really like these flashlight because its quit bright, heavy, and good design.  I purchased eight and keep every room for emergency.  Also I usekeep rechargeable buttery for these so I can change and recharge them whenever I need it.
Work really well but wondering how long they will last.
I used this to remove a medium-deep scratch from a Citizen Eco-drive watch with a sapphire crystal. I was not optimistic. However, after about three to four applications, the scratch was nearly gone, and the rest of the crystal looked markedly better! Watch the video before using, as it is a little complicated and time-consuming, but we'll worth the somewhat expensive price and effort!
I have previously reviewed this item from this or some other seller and am reviewing again in specific response to the very negative review by one person who seems to only have account to give negative reviews on this item.  I am a real person with hundreds of Amazon purchases and reviews - reading reviewer profile is important I think.This is my earlier review from item listing on another vendor.The only one I've tried that works well. I have had three in the past. The first split at the point of entry as I tended to push it a bit too hard causing compression at entrypoint. Local vendor advised the problem and next two did not have same point of failure. They last about a year. Soft UR3 material warms up well and ribbed inside enhances the experience.A critical thing it is long enough so one does not lose lubrication out the end - messy and loses the charm of the experience. It also accommodates larger users - it is 7.5 inches long where most others fail fast.It will accommodate girth, others just split out the end after couple uses. There is some difference in the sensation from each end, one being a bit tighter on the point of entry.One description called it a pocket toy. Naaaa. This thing is 7.5 inches by 2.5 inches and weighs about a pound. Walking around with this thing in the pocket would be noticed.Clean up is very easy with warm water and absolute minimal amount of soap. Be sure to rinse well as soap could cause some rash next time it is used. The box includes a small pack of powder (corn starch) that they recommend using after each use or washing. I never used it on previous ones and it lasted well enough. I think the powder is to dry quickly to avoid bacteria and such. I shake well after washing and store in a terry cloth with the flat end pointing downwards. (The end that has two holes). Putting this end up allows water to remain inside and you will see water next time if you store wrong end up.It has a bit of a scented powder smell when you open the box. It is from the scented corn starch. I don't like the smell and would toss out the little package of scented powder and just use corn starch if I wanted to use powder.Not easiest to find though. I hope amazon keeps selling it even with one reviewer chasing after every vendor while having almost no other presence as a reviewer
I like the longer length, and I like the snap closure.  I would have prefered the old fashioned ties, but I do not like velcro, so I take whatever I can get.  lol The bibs are not absorbent much at all.  They do protect my clothing!
So far it doesn't seem to live up to expectations. Supports libido? Not that I know what that means, but nothing's changed in that area. Boost energy and vitality? No... I even feel sleepier and I've had the same sleep pattern before and after taking this. I don't get pimples often so I can't answer for that. I will continue to use and see how it goes. I take it with water every morning, 4 drops, on empty stomach as advised on the info attached to this bottle.
We order these about every two months for our puppy.Love them and they stay on great.
I have tried many diet supplements on the market, most of them without results. I decided to try this one and their &#34;carb and fat attack&#34; (I also reviewed that one). This supplement, while I have not lost any weight yet, it did stop my weight from climbing, so I am going to assume that I am in a transition (plateau) phase. I haven't been exercising regularly, so I am sure that is attributing to my stall.  I started walking more regularly and eating better, in conjunction with the other supplement, vitamins and fruit smoothies, I'm sure that with this product the weight will start to come off.Now, as for effectiveness, I DO notice a change in my energy. I suffer from severe fatigue and I do find that I have more energy throughout the day when I take this. I keep it down to a minimum because of the caffeine, because I REFUSE to give up coffee and taking the full dosage with coffee does have me climbing the walls, so I reduced the dosage to 1 mug of coffee in the morning and 1 capsule before lunch to keep my energy up. This works for me. I am sure it will take longer for me to see weight reduction results because I am taking a smaller dosage, but I am sure that I need to be on this for more than a month to see the results. And considering that I am having no ill side effects and everything seems to be okay, I think I will stick with this for a while longer and post my results of weight loss (if any) at a later date. For energy, I highly recommend.
It feels and looks well-made but unfortunately, it is too small. I try to attach it to my Hoover vacuum cleaner hose somewhere between 116&#34; and 18 too small leaving a gap.
Yoders is the very best Apple Cider Vinegar. I take it in the morning, chase it with a beverage. It truly helps with digestion, shrinks the gut & keeps you all around healthier.
Very happy with this yoga mat spray. It has a refreshing scent.
Like this company and the ease of ordering on Amazon where we look for everything. The meadowsweet was fresh and nicely cut. I use it in my chicken coop as part of an herb blend that keeps the nest boxes fresh and free if the pests that like to jump on chickens!
About half of them came damaged. But the other half look great and apply easy!
Decent socks.  Although like many things, the creators seemed to forget that big people are actually big.  The size 13 fits the foot itself pretty good, but the top of the socks get EXTREMELY tight on larger calves.  I understand that tight is the goal, but pain, discoloration, & numbness should not be.  There really should be a bit more stretch to these, especially with the prints.  As is, when taking them off I can clearly see the design of the sock imprinted into my skin.  I've been compromising by folding the tops down & the whole experience is pretty great that way, but I was kinda jazzed to have high top socks that didn't constantly remind me of every inch of my legs (in  a bad way).  Oh well, my quest continues.
Bottle arrived on June 2 but had an expiry date of April 2020 !
You are paying for the design but its great mat overall
This pack of reading glasses was a great buy. The glasses were only a couple dollars more per pair than the ones I usually get at the Dollar Store, but much more sturdy and well-made. I would recommend these without hesitation!
Is it strange that I like my weight information being sent to the internet?  Probably.I have had this scale for abotu a year and it has been great.  The battery has lasted beyond the manufacturer 6 months and still going strong.Your weight data goes to your fitbit account, so it is great if you are using the fitbit.  Having a running log of your weight is a great tool for gaining insight into your habits and their effects on you.  When you add in the food tracking, step counts, and sleep data, the resulting trends you can find is definitely interesting and can be used to drive effective change.Example, when I don't sleep well for an extended period (usually because I stay up late and need to be up earlier than normal), I see my weight rise that week.  I mean, we all know that there are certain trends that tend to occur, but it is different when you have the evidence and can actually see how your habits impact your body!
These foam earplugs are easy to use and they expand inside your ears.  But, I would never rely exclusively on these for really loud sounds like gun shots.  I think they might be fine for car races (probably not Nascar - really loud), or to wear to block out some sounds while trying to get to sleep.  I have one in each ear right now, fully expanded and I can easily hear sounds around me so I can't really tell if they would reduce loud sounds or not. They seem to be made out the regular foamy material a lot of ear plugs are made out of and they come very well packaged and you get 3 pairs in one plastic box for a total of 12 pairs.
Done buying these, they are average to poor at best.  save your money.  More garbage sold on Amazon
This one dissolves easy in water, compared to previous Glucosamine that i had gotten from GNC. I was sent a free sample of Glucosamine, and have been taking it for about a week now, and notice a slight difference in my joints and muscles. I have taken Glucosamine previously, and it does take some time to fully get the benefits. So you have to be patient, but you will see results over time. I will be ordering more once i run out. Glucosamine is best taken with Chondroitin.
Like the design of this card keeper.
Multitasking cleaning products can certainly help to make more room under the sync. I like this product because it's so versatile. It has a nice citrus scent, and its very effective on sinks and tubs. Cuts soap scum.I decanted into a spray bottle. Cleans refrigerator fingerprints beautifully.I poured some in the toilet bowl, much nicer than harsh chemicals.
Personally didn't like the smell.
I have been suffering from anemia and decided to try and add some iron tablets to my regimen. I like the fact that they have not upset my stomach or had any type of reflux with them.
increased all my alkalines uses by 50-150%
Love the size of these tiny bags.  Purchased to use in the garden. I place the bag over seed pods to prevent the seeds from blowing away in the wind :)  I have a butterfly garden and plant milkweed. The flowers develop into seed pods that "burst" when mature and the exposed silk fluff has a small seed attached at the end. The fluff blows away in the wind. To capture the seeds, the organza bags keep them in the bag once they burst and I can place them away and collect the seeds to replant next year!!  Really good purchase.
Camphor spirits! The price and effectiveness of this product!! There's nothing I don't like about it!!
Great tasting protein powder. Seems to be a quality product as well. I added it to a blender with water and ice and it was a quick and satisfying protein smoothie. Filling and tastes great.
Smell great and are very thick!
Yes, it does say mini, but come on, is extra mini for a high price. I was not happy seeing that little box. Yes I know I should have read the size but not everyone does that every time and the pictures are misleading.
I have never been big on vitamins, with the exception of the occasional multi-vitamin. However, during the pandemic, I started on a daily regimen of taking Vitamin C, Vitamin D3 and Zinc every morning and an additional Vitamin C at night. This is a large bottle of three hundred tablets (enough to last me for three months). I typically take all my vitamins on an empty stomach and I have had no ill side effects from doing so. Everyone should be taking these daily to strengthen your immune system (even if you are vaccinated). Highly recommend!
I bought the germguardian to deal with kitty litter smell. The kitty litter box is in the spare bedroom's bathroom, and I have not been able to control the odor until now. I run the germguardian 24x7 and it eliminates the smell 100%. The spare bedroom is now the best smelling room in my house. I'm definitely getting a couple more of these guys.I have been running it a little over a week, so I cannot comment on the units reliability. I have my fingers crossed it will last a while.
These work great for their price. They exfoliate a perfect amount. Not too soft, not too rough. They lather great. They don’t last too long, but you get what you pay for & that’s why I’m assuming they are 4 in a pack.
Nature's Benadryl with no side effects! Gotta love it! It just works
I have plantar fasciitis and these do help some. I should say, I have a serious 7 year problem in both feet so it could be more helpful to someone with a lesser issue.
delicious.I have to watch a sugar lever.This is just perfect.I blend it with unsweetened milk.It tastes like a milk shake witha flavor.
It worked for me while cutting down hedges! Has a pleasant smell and is very creamy. I love it!
It only removed a little bit, the newest dirt. I did it several times, followed instructions, left it several hours, and removed barely 20%. Mine was not even close as what they said, and it looks pretty bad still. The pink metal sponge (braso) did more in one scrub, that this in 7. I threw away the rack, and the rest. This is not worth it at all, a waste of $20.
the sponge heads at the store have a hole in the middle they all leak like crazy these do not leak they last about a month I use them all the time so that my be why they only last a month but I love them and will be buying them again!!
Super cute, long sticks and they work!Good value for 3 boxes.
my husband wears them to bed every night
This has a very nice cherry almond scent.  As soon as i opened the box, I instantly recognized the scent.  It didn't spill or anything and i'm not quite sure why the box smelled but it's nice.  I really like this brand.  This is not my first lotion from them.  This lotion absorbs instantly.  My one pet peeve is putting lotion on and having greasy hands.  I can't stand it and over the years have thrown out expensive lotions because of it.  This absorbs into my skin instantly.  I'm currently wearing a brace on my  knee and from all day wearing it, my skin is extremely dry when I take it off and I put this on and no more dry skin.  The pump is nice and works well.  If you put this on right after a shower, you will smell the cherry during the day especially if you sweat or get overheated.  I really like this scent and of course really like this lotion.  It reminds me very much of Aveeno.  For a long time, Aveeno was my lotion of choice.  It didn't make my hands greasy and absorbs and it is a nice product but this one is just like it and for less.  I really think this is a great lotion.  If you don't like greasy hands or skin and like Aveeno, try this one
This package is a good value and will last a long time
Quick ship, i love this toothpaste but its hard to find sometimes. Keep in stock and i sure will buy.
This mushroom supplement is probably one of least expensive ones I reviewed in a long time.  As of this review it costs  $14.99.  I like the wide variety of mushrooms included and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement.  I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system.  All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
This is a very good product.
Very thick and heavy duty. Does not leak with a lot of liquid.
Never again! Totally ruined our mattress, even though I added more elastic to the straps, it is now very uneven and indented where the mat was placed. Constantly shocked me. So much happier now that we took it off. Had it on for 2 years...never again!!
I've never tried Argan oil before, I always used the cheap crap oil from Garnier or what not. I put some on my wet hair and it didn't make it greasy at all my hair is super shiny and soft!
I've ordered these towels before from another seller.  Same brand so it didn't occur to me that it wouldn't be the same towels.  These are not.  They have none of the genuine coarseness of the real towels.  I thought I was getting a bargain because I was getting four towels.  Waste of money.
This Hatteker Mens Electric Shaver is the perfect travel companion - compact and lightweight, it will fit snugly in any carry-on luggage or a weekend bag. The accessories include a charger and a small cleaning brush. The circular design is really cool and functional for travel. I probably wouldn't use it for everyday home use, mostly because its small size would get lost on my sink counter, but it provides a crisp shave with low noise. It's a fun travel buddy to have around.
These Reliable 1 Laboratories crumble in your mouth before you can get a glass of water to your lips.  It took 3 swallows to get the grit washed down.  I detect no taste at all, which helps, but I wonder if there is actually any omeprazole in them,
Returned it.  There was practically no fragrance at all. The automatic spray is great! Not the wax.
These elderberry gummies are very near the top of my list of favorite elderberry gummies.  These taste very good but my main reason for liking them so much is that they include propolis, echinacea and vitamin C.  These don't have any zinc and I'm glad of that because it seems like zinc is included in so many other supplements.  These gummies have about twice the amount of elderberry of many other gummies that I've reviewed and I've learned from experience what an incredible anti-viral elderberry is.  I haven't got sick at all this cold and flu season.
I broke the first Aromyst I had by dropping it. I liked it so much I purchased another one instead of a different brand. I like the looks of the black diffuser as well as the options of a continuous mist or an on-off mist. I use it every other day or so.
Not what I was hoping for. If information on Ormus is correct then an electromagnetically sealed container is needed, but not included. It is hard to tell if there is anything other than water in this mix, but when I looked at it under a microscope I did see little bits of yellow that I assume were the gold content. If that is correct then the gold has re-crystalized into a metal and would not have the same effect as intended. Wish I had spent my money on vitamins or something that would have a definite effect.
This is my second time ordering. First time taking this vitamin. It was suggested to me by a herbalist that I am working with. I appreciate that it is plant based. I take one each night before bed. The benefits were noticed almost immediately. ;) My body got used to it and my days are very balanced now. Thank you!
Great mat to help protect surfaces from heat damage. I usually set my curling iron to around 400 degrees and the mat shows no signs of damage what so ever. I should have bought one of these years ago. Its flexible so it can be rolled up and stored away until you need it.
Great buy for vaping use. I have used it for over a year now with no complaints.
I have SUPER thick hair and a lot of it! Everytime I curl my hair my arm gets a workout sitting there for minutes just to make sure my hair curls. .I've never had a wand successfully work until this one. I recently got the cool girl haircut (medium lob) and this wand is an essential!! It smooths my hair as well. No frizz and lasting waves!! Very happy customer!
This is a nice pill box. Very pretty but I don’t like that the containers are not attached to each other.
Uses all product instead of absorbing it. It does take more patience and blending but I love it! I don't feel dirty after using it!
Only cotton swabs I can use due to cauliflower ear, and they work very well
Package was a little beat, but colognes were intact.
This is a nice-feeling, smooth, non-smelly lotion that does well on my 34-year-old skin.  It's certainly not foundation, but it could stand in for a BB Cream.  It doesn't appear that it would be waterproof -- and, in fact, in a deep sweat it starts to run slightly, but I have this problem with many such creams.  Overall, I'd recommend.  As a reference, I would consider myself medium-fair, and the light is sufficient.
These are great! I got 160 wipes two years ago, and just now need more, and oh, no, the company that makes them is no more. I'll try Kimwipes, but oh my heart, I never knew I could love disposable microfiber wipes so much. They were phenomenal for cleaning my glasses.
The silicone is too slippery to hold soap. If you get the soap on your back, the silicone's too soft to exfoliate or even reward you with a back scratch. What you get is more like whipping and popping a dead octopus on your back.It's noisy ... you can hear it in the bedroom for gosh sakes.
Love this product it really works
They are smaller than expected. I had to attach the two together to go around my leg. Doesn't seem to be  a lot  of compression.
All as expected.
My sister uses this to cushion her toes on her injured foot.  She says this works very well.  I imagine it could be used for a lot of things.
Bought these for blessings bags. They were perfect.
This was a REALLY good deal.  I actually ended up with a couple types of dishwasher soaps (small bags of them), stain remover, gain laundry soap, gain scent booster type product (full size), and some more.  That was WELL worth the money - plus I got the full purchase price back in credit to use on other cleaning products which I took full advantage of!  I highly recommend this box!
Is a zero rating possible. This egg is horrible. First off it sounds like a smoke detected siren. Second it is jerry rigged inside and hot glued together. Good luck hiding something inside it and it being food safe. Also my visually impaired daughter is down right scared by this egg. Will not recommend and would recommend the talking egg or chirping eggs from other sellers on Amazon instead. and the price is OUTRAGEOUS
I like these face mask lanyards. They are perfect to attach your face masks to. You attach one end to each side of your face masks. Then when you don’t use your face mask, like for example if you are taking a break to eat or you are at a restaurant, you can then take it down and just hang it around your neck using this lanyard. No more leaving it on the desk, putting it over your thigh or anything like that. So much easier and better. Especially when you are out for dinner I always struggle on what to do with it and this is the solution. Or when you are driving in your car and you just need to put it away for a bit, this is the solution. These can also be used as ear extenders  ear savers meaning  the face mask is attached to the lanyard and around the head, relieving the pressure on the ears.I like it because it makes it easy to put the face mask safely away but close by and you don’t have to put them down anywhere but instead they hang around your neck. In this pack you get 4 of them for just $16. These are definitely some of the more expensive ones out there and not sure why they are more expensive, because of the “design”?  I always keep some around since it is easy to misplace them and I just keep them on the various cloth masks I have in the car and so on so having a few of the on hand is very handy.
Good price. Focus is better. I like it.
All empty capsules are not equal.  These are far superior to other ones that I've had as these close perfectly every time coming out of a 100 capsule filling machine.  I've yet to have one fall apart and dump powder everywhere as I have had with other capsules.
Returning this order i didn't see anything good in this product. Repeller? I doesn't repel anything. Insects are still coming in.
First of all, I love the presentation of these. This would be a perfect gift just as is. The scents are all pretty nice, and I appreciate that they aren’t overly scented once dissolved in the bath. My bath water ended up quite vibrant, but I didn’t experience any tub staining. I’m looking forward to using the rest of these.
Unlike the plastic tubs, this canister looks good on the counter. Yes, that matters to me. Of course, what matters most is what's inside.In addition to type 1 and 3 collagen, there is whey and instant whole milk powder, which helps boost the protein to a nice 20 g.The chocolate tastes high quality, but then it's ruined by too much monk fruit extract as a sweetener. At least for me. I know a lot of people will appreciate the sweetness because this is a product you can mix in just water. As an aside, personally I'd rather not have the oft used stevia either. If they insist on it being sweet, a bit of organic sugar would make it taste more natural, and I wouldn't mind the extra calories. It makes a very nice hot cocoa type of beverage. Even in water, it tastes creamy.Another thing I like is that there is no plastic scoop hiding under the powder. Thumbs up for friendlier packaging.Something else to like is the bottom of the canister which has both the date of manufacturer as well as expiration date. That kind of transparency is greatly appreciated. It instills trust.
Good to have for topical minor cuts.
Tears easily.  if you wash your floss to reuse, you won't like this.
I've had this table a couple of years. Cons: It has a permanent &#34;lean downward&#34; towards the center of the bed. Also, one of the legs kept sliding down (the button kept slipping instead of staying in the hole) causing that side of the table to cave, and everything would fall off. My husband drilled a hole and screwed that leg permanently at the level of the other leg. IF the manufacturer wanted to improve on the design, they could insert corner supports under the table top where it meets the legs. That could prevent the &#34;sag&#34; or lean downwards towards the center of the bed. The other way it could be permanently improved would be to create the table-to-leg at about a 50 to 55 degree setting instead of the 45 degree (which causes the sag). Even placing diagonal metal supports from the legs to the table would keep the table up and horizontal to the bed. Pros: It's very easy to slide out and replace when you need to change sheets. The table top also has a &#34;lip&#34; all the way around that helps keep items from sliding off the table. It's lightweight, easy to clean, doesn't rust (we live on an island) and you can place it closer to you or farther down the bed, wherever you want it without any trouble at all. If you do spill anything (remember the lean?) you have more time to mop it up because of the lip around the top.
Nothing is listed on this product that it comes from China till you make your purchase. This is a China Product. I believe AMAZON has the responsibility to let the buyers know why here products are coming from!!!!
Love this set great art work and same amazing clipper.
The Reishi really seems to give me a boost in energy! It is somewhat bitter, however, 14 teaspoon in a cup of coffee and it really isn't that bad. I feel I am getting use to the bitterness. Given the research, I am willing to put up with the bitterness for the health benefits.
I do like these clippers. Wish they had one of those little metal bits to scrape under the nails. Also, the catcher part works great but slides around a lot depending on how you hold the clippers, which is a big flaw. Cuts well though! Good medium size which I like!
Was glad to see these arrive.These are made well and will be quite useful.The 510 threading goes WAY down through the center - I can't imagine any RDA, RTA, or anything else with a 510 connector being too long to screw down into these threads and bottom out before it meets the base.  Nicely done.The base does not come with any kind of anti-slip material stuck to the bottom, but it is machined out so you can attach one if you are so inclined.  I will measure this machined inset and look around for something close that fits with an adhesive backing, but even without it, it will be very useful for building on or storing an atty while something else gets some mod time.Thank you for making these - they are priced reasonably enough that it will save me the timetrouble of making some myself.  These address a very practical need for any vaper that has a topper with a 510 connection - especially if it's a rebuildable.Definitely recommend!
This flavor is great, and it mixes up really well. If you are sick of too sweet protein supplements this one is a great option.
★ free product given for evaluation & review ★This is a nice 4 ounce amber glass bottle of pure Moroccan rosewater.  The amber glass bottle keeps the contents from going rancid as quickly.  Rosewater is excellent for toning and refreshing the face as well as, for me, various household projects such as soaps and such.A few reasons I took this review from a five to a four.  The smell.  Compared to another USDA Organic Rosewater I have, the other brand is more light and refreshing.  Smell for smell, I like the other one better.  On the skin, this spray actually feels a little heavy.  It makes me skin super soft, which is great, but it leads me to believe these is oil in it somehow, but what do I know?  My other rosewater, as well as rosewaters in the past, have been light, like water, and delicate in consistency.This seems to be a nice brand and I truly enjoy using it, but when compared to a like product which I LOVE, this one falls slightly behind it.
This is the correct battery for my Waterpik SR 3000 electric toothbrush, so when it died I assumed that replacing the battery was the smart move.  I've been soldering small electronics since 1968, and I correctly soldered the leads from the device to these very small tabs (much smaller than picture would suggest).  I put the toothbrush on its charging stand and its flashing lights indicated it was charging.  24 hours later, the button on the device was still nonresponsive.  Battery replacement is not a sure thing.
Along with elbow grease, they polish off the nasty residue on cookware and kill soap scum in the shower, including the once impossible bumpy ridges on the floor of our fiberglass bathtub. These also work great to remove the sticky palm marks on the banister that seemed endless and almost impossible to get off. Nothing is impossible with these dynamos! They wear through quickly when you really need to scrub, but they are still the best thing I have found to do almost any task. Thankful.
There are many reasons I like these plugs. They're discreet, comes with me everywhere I go, and they work. When I put these on correctly, it diminishes ambient noise while articulating speech. I bought them after a hearing injury, and I wish I had these then. For the price, it's a great investment. The only downside has been knowing when they're on correctly without jamming them into my ear. I have used them a few times and am now getting the hang of them. When I'm done, I try to clean them with soap and water, dry them off, and put them back into the canister.To you, informed shopper, if you don't end up buying downbeats, please buy a decent pair of earplugs today, if you don't have one. You never know when that next event, bar, club, lounge, party, or concert will leave you with irreversible damage.
This came right away, so no problems with the seller. I take lots of vitamins, but fear glaucoma since it's in the family, along with diabetes. The Vision Health supplement is a great way to prevent problems as well as to keep the ones that are present from getting worse. I got it free as a reviewer, and intend to use all of it. It seems as though it's beneficial, so I'll likely be buying it when the free supply is gone.
These don't weigh a ton and take up a lot of space.At first I thought that the fragrance would be too strong, but it was just light enough to where it didn't irritate my nose.So easy, as easy as a dryer sheet.Cleans well.I had a conversation with a person in the waste management and recycling field once, and it was pretty shocking.I was under the impression that when you correctly place plastics to be recycled, they ARE.Not so. He said that cardboard is, but only a fraction of the plastics in recycle facilities go to the next step.No big plastic bottle for laundry is fantastic.
Don't fit my glasses
It is very cute idea! However when I received it some of the letters were coming off. Also some of the letters are straight and some are crooked which drives my perfectionist brain wild. I think I will be able to fix them, but obviously I would prefer not to fix something I bought.
Nice small tablet that is easy to swallow. No nasty aftertaste. Very good addition to vitamin regimen. I have purchased these various times and will purchase again in the future
spring cleaning, major cleaning, this will hold up to 2 of the of other one. Personally a better deal. Still not sure it will handle the mold too well but there are cleaners for that lol I'm impressed I've given some to neighbors
zip lock works well - will buy more
Works well enough. I bought it so I won't annoy my wife when I vape in her car. Wife not annoyed. Daddy very happy. Winning!
I like several things about these. They have the most beautiful natural smells. And just a couple drops in my diffuser. Awesome
The blue color is darker than pictured but it will work nicely for my glasses. Seems to be well made.
It’s a great invention and I hope it lasts.
These Pain Relief Patches really do heat up, almost to the point of pain. you can stick them anywhere but I use them on my pelvis area when I am menstruating, they do help with the cramping, but are painful to peel off.
These are almost a buffing file not a fine sanding file. They work well as buffing but not so much for shaping.
Not as tough or as strong as the original as seen on tv product. Goes flat faster. Good price. The originals last forever. These will last a while. They still help with plantar fasciitis. Will opt for originals from now on. If you find the originals have too much height for you then these would be a great alternative option. Seems to be a different type of filler material for pad. I would give originals 5 stars plus. These I would give a 4.
The medium worked for my smallish man's arm.  Good quality and it should last.  Use it before you need it for best results.
I bought this for my boyfriend as part of beard grooming kit I put together for Christmas. He absolutely loves it! He uses it every day with the beard balm I bought and his beard is so soft now. A major improvement. He loves the way it feels and brushes his beard when we're watching TV, he finds it very relaxing.
The scrubby side is so soft, my cats love this all over their tender faces and necks.  esp my older cat!
First time use with this product gave my mouth a fresh clean feeling. The mint flavor is mild and pleasing. I felt no burning in my mouth or lips.  The gel is thick and I had to press the tube harder than normal, but after about a 2 minute brushing and then rinsing out with just water, my teeth felt clean and bright.  I like that it doesn't leave a gritty feeling after brushing and it did brighten my teeth color.  My opinion is the product was a good experience and I certainly recommend it.
Great (6) pack👍🏽Gets (5) ⭐️
Very high quality product,. though I can't say the same for the pump mechanism, which broke at the top after the first use. It was still functional...just a bit less so.The lotion is emollient and rich without being oily. The scent is redolent of apples, and it doesn't linger after the first few minutes.
These are a lightweight sock for summer, do not bind at top and are nice looking ribbed socks. They stretch very well so they are good for people with edema or sensitive skin issues. My Dad's caregivers asked me to order more of these great socks for him!  (and I have tried several other kindsbrandsmaterials!
Very practical for cleaning between your toes. It does the job well.  I hope they make a longer handle someday.  I bought three.  Recommended.
Very quiet and yet very efficient. Buy one you won’t be disappointed
I really love these towels. There are 50 "cloths" per roll for a total of 150 "cloths" over the three rolls. The exterior design is festive. Starting the roll is difficult because the first piece is glued on real tight. However, once I got the first piece off, I was good to go. I was able to wash the counter with these or clean parts of my cats' litter pans. They are strong and reusable. I do feel the current price of $17.99 ($19.99 minus 10% off) is expensive. However, if these rolls last long and I can reuse more than several times, then it might be worth it because at the current discounted price it comes to $.12 cents per sheet. Only time will tell how long this will last.This would have gotten 5 stars if they were not so pricey. However, this might not be 5 stars for everyone. Since it is a paper-towel like "cloth," when it is wrung out it is hard to unravel. I found myself picking apart the squeezed out cloth.
I used this to clean and massage my face.  It works wonderfully.  I would recommend it.ER
This is the best ever no lies to any caps to used Amen
I have used this product for a little over a year. At first I really liked them. However, I started to have an ever increasing sense of doom and shortness of breath. I had pretty severe anxiety for about 3 months. One day, about 3 weeks ago, I ran out of these vitamins. I just didn't start a new bottle. My anxiety slowly reduced and is now all but gone. I haven't changed anything else so it had to be the vitamins.
Great product! I needed it for Halloween and definitely didn’t need this much, but for the price, I’d buy it again!
This is a nice scent reasonably priced. As far as it's attraction powers, Men are nice when I wear it and I am often told I smell nice. So, its a good value and I like it fine.
These worked perfectly for my wall o'plants. The three designs are a cute addition, but not visible when there's a plant inside the ring. I'm using them indoors so I can't say what their durability is outdoors. Pretty easy to install and the rings are solid. However, there were a couple of rings where the hinges were a little wobbly, but it doesn't take affect the sturdiness of the holders. Did not use the supplied wall anchors as they weren't that great. I had extra drywall anchors from other home projects that I used instead and I highly recommend you do the same. Seriously, the anchors they provided are useless unless you plan on hanging faux plants that weigh next to nothing.
Product is as described and come with clear instructions on the back side of the packet.  This product is for one application and must be used as soon as it is opened.
yep it's not the broom itself or even sweeping I hate, it's the dust pan!  I absolutely hate trying to wield a broom while bending over to attempt to get the debris into the dust pan - and it never fails I have to continuously move the dust pan to get whatever ended up going underneath it.  This dustpan is awesome!  Its on a long pole (well actually, 2 short poles screwed together), has a large capacity so it holds more debris and actually makes it to the garbage without a lot of it ending up on the floor before you get there.  Very happy with this product.
Bought this for my dad. He says it easy to use
Glad I could get tissues in a timely manor
This tea is very yummy. I don't know if it has actually helped my IBS but it tastes good. The one complaint I have is it smells faintly of marijuanna... I don't know if that is normal because this was my first organic loose peppermint tea. Despite the strange smell, it is definitly worth it.
This was ordered as a replacement for ours that had cracked. It fit perfectly and works perfectly.
Previously purchased
Apparently there is no return option for “probably tastes like whatever my dog tried to roll in”. This is unfortunate, because I’m pretty sure this stuff tastes like … feet, a**, something equally nasty… whatever it is, it’s not the mint flavor I ordered, nor the citrus-mint flavor I received. Awful stuff, wish I could return it.
SELLING CARRIER OIL WITH MAYBE A DROP OR TWO OF THE NAMED OIL. I purchased a three bottle set in a department store, does not have any aroma whatsoever!!!
When I clicked on this listing I assumed automatically that these bottles were glass. They look like (and shine like) the many other dark amber glass bottles I have in my cabinet and are not listed anywhere otherwise. In fact, I understood the &#34;4 pound&#34; shipping weight as a confirmation that they were glass. This package was not even half a pound....I am unsure of what type of plastic this is as there is literally no labeling or info about product other than how to mix colloidal silver. I do not feel comfortable letting my daughter inhale out of the nasal sprayer in a plastic bottle. BPA or non BPA, plastic is not safe AT ALL, let alone storing silver in it. You'd think when dealing with those who use Colloidal silver, they are already researching. They are looking for real products that work and are mindful of chemicals. Plastic is a no brainer on my list of do not buys.I wish the seller would have provided a more in depth description that goes further then the, &#34; 2 sprayers and 1 dropper for all your ASAP Silver Sol needs.&#34; that was provided.These will just be thrown away.The shipping was WAY too long, they charge a restocking fee for returned non damaged items and for 8 dollars total, I'm ok with just throwing them away. Though I wish I knew sooner so I wouldn't have wasted so much time.I'll just go buy an overpriced glass bottle set at whole foods.Very unhappy with this purchase.
Wore them out already. They were super comfy.
They are okay but I need more of an arch support
No flavor. Easy to use and store. Easy to digestHonestly, I feel stronger. Belly flat..Hopefully this is a great long time but.
This is a great quality nano geocache, with a strong magnet. The two geocache rainproof paper log rolls with metal roll ups in the middle are an additional great value.
I didn't feel difference using these and for the cost I don't recommend.
I really like this product. I find the most apparent benefit I get is the added boost in energy. My hair has felt nicer since I starting taking this as well. Greg customer service from their company has been a delight. Would recommend.
Bought this for my family. They like it and it is used regularly.
These are well-made; however, they did not work for my problem of heel spurs.  well, I gave them 3 stars but changed it to 4 because they are better than i thought, at first--need to use them with boots, like Keens or some other boot--not sneakers or tennis shoes and not wear thick socks because these take up room in your boot.  I always buy my boots a half size bigger than i wear because I put inserts in them.  I have been using another inserts but i developed heel spurs so I tried other inserts out.  At first, I thought these would not work for me, but low and behold, once I placed them in boots with thinner socks, I have had nothing but foot joy and knee joy and hip joy while walking.  I would have given them a 5 star but they squeak a bit--hoping that goes away as they wear in.  Recommended!
My husband has pollen sensitivity.  We put this on his side of the bed and he can definitely tell the difference in the air quality.
EXCELLENT. Very nice and smells okay and I love it.
Adequate for a product made in China. 13 life expectancy of original cane tips made in U.S.A.
They work wonderfully while I workout at the gym
This is a great product for pain. You do have to take it as directed by your practitioner. It is a safe product since you are taking fruit enzymes.
I think these balloons are pretty good quality.  Mine didn't have any holes like some other reviewers balloons did.  You only get one number per package of balloons so if you need two of the same number you'll have to order two packages.  I used a mattress inflater to fill them but only used air - no helium, though I think they would look great floating.  They seem to hold air for a long time and the pink color is very pretty.
Bought this for the bathroom that houses the cat litter box. Works awesome and we don’t even notice the smell of the litter box.
If mixed in pitcher of liquid the taste is masked,  if put in a small amount of water it tastes a little harsh.  I take it before bed and believe my sleep is enhanced.
But for what they are, these have packaging that is quite different than what I'm used to.  I mean, most tissues are short, squat rectangular boxes or more square, upright boxes.  Of course there are the little disposable ones that women like me carry in their purses, but I've not had any that are in a tube before.  I love that I can store one in the car by using a drink holder - so much easier than rooting in my purse for a tissue when I feel a sneeze coming on!  The packaging itself is pretty, me being a girly-girl kind of person, I do appreciate the colors and plants on it.  The tissues themselves are sturdy and soft enough that I feel confident that even when reaching for one to contain one of my "big" sneezes (that I do have more often than I would like), I don't worry that the tissue might suffer a "crack" in keeping my explosive sneeze contained.  The only thing I noted here is that the cost is a bit high, but for a tube of tissues that fits well in the car, it is worth the price, at least to me.
I love this mustard and it is so good, all of them.  They are well worth the money and you won't be disappointed until the jar is gone and then you will be soooo sad.
I was not compensated in any way for the review of this product. I suffer from joint damage in both knees therefore I need a rise in my toilet seat so I can easily get up and down. Guests to my home that do not have bad knees also state how much they like having the extra boost on the toilet. I had a different brand of toilet seat booster prior to this that had a much more comfortable seating portion,it was wider and was made of a better feeling plastic however after about two years of use the locking mechanism on that seat failed. This new seat is made of a  harder plastic that is not as comfortable and the width is not as generous  however the side screw is on the backside rather than the front side and the seat is much more secure, there is no wobble once that seat is fully screwed in. The screws are very easy to adjust with large wing nut typed screws that are also me made of plastic. That being said I do believe it will give me a good two years of use. I would recommend this product one star deducted for for the narrowness of the seat.
I don't know why I keep selecting these weird powders when they appear on my list of items I can review. I really can't tell if they have any positive or negative effects on me after consuming. I assume they are healthy in some way so I dutifully add a spoonful or two to of them to my daily smoothies. I can't even detect that the AyuForest Karela powder is in my smoothie because it blends in smoothly with everything else and I can't taste it. You don't get very much of it though and the package is small.  I guess if you are interested in Karela powder you already know why you want it. I'll just tell you it tastes fine and mixes well.
Incorrect heading info. I could not find a place to click to tell Amazon. These are totally for the polar opposite condition! and are for a HIGH arch foot and not flat footno arch. Which is awful info.from Aetrex own website for this model insert "Men's Casual Comfort MedHigh Arch OrthoticSKU : L600M" and the L2420M is for flat feet which my mom got for my son.
These scrubbers are great for all your dish washing needs.  The sponge scrubber combo is perfect for most hand washed dishes.  Really gets the baked on food loosened and removed.  The sponge side works great for more delicate jobs.  If you have really baked on stubborn dishes the steel scrubber makes quick easy work of the mess.  So far these have held up really well.
It is just as advertised and easy to use.  The only con is the zipper protector metal is brass and makes your fingers have that brass smell; although it is a good reminder to wash your hands.  Perfect for keeping children out of medicines although it could be cut with scissors by a determined person.  The zipper tab is of good size for all travel sized locks but I don't believe a school locker type lock would fit. The vinyl material is thicker than I expected and over all I would buy this again if I had a need.
This works. I did find it stretched my pants as it said it would. It doesn't claim to permanently stretch anything so it does exactly what it says. It does loosen your pants for a good days wear. If you wash your pants, they are going to shrink back. I would say my issue with use is being flat lazy. I forget to set it up so I am back to grumbling. Best bet, buy new pants!
good size and sturdy
These were not cut out, took us a long time. Looks so home made.Poor quality
This is better than the clip that came with my case but it annoys me that it bends the clip when I clip it on anything that is not thin. I try to connect it to my thin belt but sometimes I clip it to my pocket or pants and it does this. If it was stronger metal is may not do this.
This is a lovely, small pendant that is very well done.The detailing is clear and the bale is large enough to accommodate most average chains.It's very comfortable to wear; you hardly know it's there and have to keep checking to make sure it IS still there.On religious jewelry, I personally prefer a solid back; this has a hollowed out back. But the pendant has been finished off well and is quite attractive.
Total waste of money.  Does not work at all.
Very soft and comfortable socks
The directions were confusing. The heating pad didn't heat and there no instructions on where to put it even IF it did work. Garbage.
I'm allergic to it. The smell irritates me.
Great to have this box!
I got this for my husband's lower back pain.  When I first put it on his back all was well.  A few minutes later he was fanning his back saying it felt like lava.  We washed some of it off because he couldn't take it and he said it felt better.  I'm not sure if I applied too much, but I used a very little amount to start with.  Less than a pea sized amount.  After the inital lava stage he said it did cool and seem to numb his lower back area and was soothing, but that the initial skin melting stage wasn't worth the cooling after wards.  If you don't mind EXTREME heat, this would probably work for you.  We've used sombracream and icey hot extra strength with no problem... but those are nothing in comparison to this.  We received this product for a discount in exchange of an honest review.  My opinions are my own.
If arthritis runs in your family, you definitely want to get a jump on it before your joints start deteriorating. This supplement is excellent for joint support. It contains high-potency anti-inflammatory ingredients. You won't feel a difference immediately, so give it time to work. I highly recommend this supplement.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Exactly what I expected.
I suffer from anxiety.  Just took one of these capsules and  I'm feeling so relaxed.  I recommend.
There aren't many in a package so they seem expensive or I might get them again. They taste quite good, hardly different from almonds but smaller and maybe a light woody edge to them. As I got the "sweet" ones it really wouldn't be possible to eat so many that they became toxic, but the package is so small probably couldn't eat too many of the bitter ones either, which seriously can be toxic and can even kill people. The notion that they have health benefits beyond those of the almond are absurd though -- that they're sold even to cure cancer proves only there's a sucker born every minute. Health Canada warns that cyanide poisoning is a real threat and health benefits not the least likely. But the sweet ones have far too little of the chemical that breaks down into cyanide and the liver can clean that up in a jiffy.
Sharp and easy to use
This thing is horrible. The bottom surface is very hard and lumpy. Its like walking in the driveway and stepping on rocks. Yuck. It has hard plastic rollers that feel awful.  I took them off but there is  hard plastic posts left. Bad design.
This definitely works!! Its very strong so do as the instructions say and take it with a good meal. When I take on an empty stomach or with a snack it makes me feel nauseous.
Took first one felt good. After a week started getting super dry skin and thyroid actually swelled up. The only one seems to work for me was vita-Strength.I tried this because of the great reviews. Since back on Vita thyroid not swollen and dry skin,weight getting better. I can't recommend this in good faith.
I experienced a noticeable improvement in memory recall.
The Fitbit Aria has all the bells and whistles of a modern scale but it does its basic job of, correct and consistent weight readings, poorly. If you stand on the scale thrice in row, rest assured, you will have a different weight and body fat reading each time. Who cares that those readings then sync up over wifi with your account.
Everything was fine.
There is one very large and super soft mask in this package along with one small cloth carry pouch. This mask is well-made and has a Velcro adjustment in the back. Since the mask is large, it blocks out all light. However, I am still able to open my eyes underneath the mask and not see anything. This is just wonderful and is very comfortable to wear. The quality is excellent and the mask is plush and cuddly soft.The current price of $12.59 ($13.99 minus 10%) is pricey for one mask; however, if one is in the market for two of them, they are sold for a much cheaper price . Also, the blue color on the Amazon site is brighter than the one received which is more of a subdued blue.
Very good product.  Tastes great!
These make my mouthteeth feel like I just left the dentist. No pain, don’t need to do cartwheels (floss) the cleaning is thorough and the price is right for 4 in the package.I highly recommend. As matter of fact, I’m back to get a couple more packs!
Pretty soft, and the price is good. But you can still find cheaper alternatives from Costco or other stores
Nice massager. Sometimes it does randomly shut off, but it does get used a lot.
I really like the soft cloth at the head of the brush, no scratching anything I use it on. Good sizes. Seem like they will hold up well. Recommend.
I used to have full blown type 2 diabetes before I started changing my diet and lifestyle and fish oil has been one of the supplements that I incorporated in my daily regimen. I have taken a lot of brands of fish oil supplements and the one from Gloreyfeel is one of my all time favorite brands. It has high concentrations of omega per pill and it doesn’t have that overpowering fishy taste when I take it.Fish Oil is beneficial to people who are suffering from various heart diseases, high cholesterol, depression, anxiety, AHDH, weakened immune system, cancer, diabetes, inflammation, arthritis, to name a few.  So start taking better care of yourself and incorporate this supplement in your diet!I received one or more of the products mentioned above for review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experiences with whatever product I am reviewing. I’m just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customerend user’s standpoint.
A little too stiff
Enjoyed the ginseng, goes well with honey
Great product, works great and I really good buy. I expected to get one tube and got three. This will last a long time.
I really love this pipe.
The bags are really thin plastic and seem like they'll rip at any moment. I bought it for the footprint tissue paper and it's really cute
This is a great starter kit for someone new to Wicca.  I only wish it came with a book rather than a booklet with print way too small for me to read.  Now I just need to find a good book with large print about beginner Wicca.
WASH many times to get black coloring OUT. Al.so socks waay too small.
I'm hoping for the benefits claimed, time will tell.  I have used in several dishes and as far as I know, no one has exclaimed over the taste.  I am careful in amounts added and cautiously optimistic about results.
For a Gift
My kids wear school uniforms (khakis and polos), and they come home every day with oily black marks all over their clothes from the recycled tire pieces used as a base on their playground. Additionally, they have the normal kid stains: food, paint, dirt, etc. I've never used a stain remover before but figured that would be cheaper than continuing to throw away clothes.This arrived in the mail yesterday, and as luck would have it (haha!), my daughter came home in khakis completely covered in black marks, so I got to test it right away. I followed the directions on the back of the bottle and treated the entire week's worth of uniform clothes (so some stains had had a chance to set in). After one round through the washer, about 90% of the stains were gone. I did a second treatment on a few spots and rewashed everything, and those khakis I would have otherwise thrown out were completely stain-free when I removed them from the washer. There was also a white shirt from earlier in the week that had gotten paint on it in art class, and that came out completely, too. The only stains that didn't come out were a spot that looked like it may have been from a Sharpie and a grass stain; honestly, though, these could have already gone through the laundry once before and set in, so I can't say for sure that this wouldn't have worked on them.I didn't notice this anywhere in the description, but this product does have a slight smell, kind of like baby powder. Also, it leaves a soapy residue on anything you spray it on, and clothes required extra rinses to come clean.Overall, I'm amazed at how this took really tough stains out of clothes, and I am so glad to have found something that will save us from having to constantly replace clothing. Because I went through about two-thirds of a bottle on a single load, I think I'll be buying this at Target from now on since their website has it much cheaper.
Can be used normally
My husband really likes these vitamins for what they contain as he is an avid runner and weight lifter.
This brush is not to brush your beard out.  This brush is to apply bear oil and balm. It does that awesomely.  I use it every time now to apply the balm I use, then I comb or use a stiffer bristle brush to do the actual taming of the beard.  Unless you've got the worlds softest beard, (or are using it under your belt) this brush can't comb out your tangles.It does a great job applying the balm to base of the hairs.
I live this new flavor! I have gastroparesis these definently help with the not normal nausea we experience from this condition
I absolutely love Energetix products, especially the homeopathic formulas. I am so sensitive to supplements and foods and it was hard to find something to support my lymph during my healing journey. Lymph III has been amazing. I’m so happy I’ve found their products.
My only non drug solution for a bad headache...works every time...
Just as described. Works great.
This massager works great to get out the kinks in my neck.The only thing I would change would be if I could adjust the straps. I have longer arms and when I'm using the massager on my neck my arms are at an uncomfortable level. Otherwise it was well worth the money.
Reishi is widely used in Eastern medicine. It is a Qi (vital energy) tonic that has multiple benefits including cardiovascular health, immunity, stress management, increased energy, and sleep support. I like this particular product because it's organic and sourced from whole food. I highly recommend it.
Doesn't seem to work any better than othercheaper products I have used It takes the paindown about half, but Doesn't seem to last longa couple of hrs at most. I  haven't had it long so we'll see how it goes. So far it's over priced.
This is a slab of generic foam covered in a nondescript and not particularly comfortable fabric. It is on the short side. So if you are tall like me, it provides no thigh support, like sitting in a chair with a tiny seat bed. The slope keeps your thigh and butt muscles from relaxing because you are at an odd angle. It's going back.I also tried the coccyx cushion from Living Better Tools (http:smile.amazon.comgpproductB00YGC7S1C). It's larger and quite thick. It is contoured to fit your legs and has a nice non-skid rubber backing to hold it in place. It costs a bit more. But it's a much better product, as long as your chair adjusts to accommodate the fact that it is 5&#34; high.That said, body shapes are different. Perhaps you will love this one. I didn't.
This did not work as advertised. My glasses still fog just as before.
Best stain remover ever.  When my dog lifted his leg on the floor, it also hit the drapes.  I sprayed with Dreft and it didn't leave a stain. This also happened on my bedspread.  I use it on all stains including coffetea that gets splashed on the furniture.  PS.  Got rid of the dog.
This product is great quality and the multi purpose use of having an activated charcoal has been a bonus.I use this product for a pre-tooth paste.Having it on hand for a possible poison event was a good addition to the prepper suppliesmedical kit.
What I liked:-Product has a nice amount (100mg) of COQ10-Plus 100mg of d-alpha-tocopheryl (Vitamin E)-Both ingredients have many health benefitsHaving some heart issues, I take COQ10 every day!
I could tell with only wearing the Iasulet a short period of time that it has plumped my skin. I use it with a moisturizing cream and use rose water spray. Love this skincare product!! Will 100% repurchase.  Love the size! What a fantastic savings!! Happy customer. D:
They were the Perfect Christmas Gift for my Mom!She loved them! The Fit was great for her skinny chicken legs.  Quality was good and as expected.
Looks great on my desk at my car dealership!
Works great best price very happy
Cannot use. Too hard to spray. Would have to use both hands. Cannot aim. Dissapointed
I do not know if these work as described. There was an offer for a free bottle with review, which made me not trust any of the reviews and hesitant to try it. I returned.
Very difficult strapping on the harness. Of note is that females were used to model the harness and perhaps it is geared more toward a smaller head.
I am a fan of Method Cleaning Products. I've been using the Method All Purpose Cleaner for several years now. I was trying to reduce the chemicals used in my home. One of my favorite things about the Method products, is the scent. This one has a light, apple scent which smells really nice. I have a stainless steel appliances in my kitchen. This cleaner does a pretty good job of removing finger prints, but I haven't had much luck with removing the water drips on my refrigerator below the water dispenser. The only thing that I have had any success with getting rid of those is the Bar Keepers Friend Stainless Cleaner. But now with this cleaner, I can use this for frequent touch ups on refrigerator and overall on the stove and dishwasher and use the other cleaner for the water drip marks.
Works great on unwanted dark air etc. This one is a large size jar. Fantastic seller. It is a nice mild formula. I have light sensitive skin. With this product I have never had any issues.
Compared to other offers on Amazon there isn’t any comparison.  These pads are great. They suck up the liquid and makes my life easier.  I tried others and agree they’re like using a paper towel.  Try them you will not be disappointed.
GOBBLE GOBBLE GOBBLE : ) The BEST!!!
On our farm, there are loads of dirty jobs that take their toll on nail and hands.  These gloves are great - they fit close enough that they don’t get in the way of most jobs - we use them in the kitchen - and in the lavender barn, moving plants around, watering, sprinkling fertilizer - everything! We like that they have long arms, to protect long sleeves.  They’re very sturdy and strong and we haven’t lost a pair yet!
I've been actively using this product for now and I’ll probably never stop. it's just THAT good eyebrow and facial hair trimmer. painless hair remover is simple to use: remove the cap, slide the switch on and gently press the head of the unit flat against your skin. Continue making small circular motions to remove any unwanted hair. Best part, it DOES NOT hurt and does a great job removing the hair quickly.
lid not sealed. when i shake it to clean out, water droplets go everywhere. but the translucence is good; can see through to see volume without having to see the pee.
Tasted way to horrible to keep down I tried taking it three times every time I did I threw up and had bad heartburn and kept burping the flavor which was disgusting.
I really like Persil, but I was expecting a original German product. It doesn't say it in their description, so I don't want to give 1 star, but I wish they would note somewhere that this is not original and is coming somewhere from eastern Europe. I can't even read the information on the package, especially for the fact that the price is expensive and I only paid so much since I expected original german product. I wonder now if it does wash the same way and as clean as the original?
These work very, very good on my back for my fibromyalgia. It’s hard to find this kind that has the heat instead of the lidocaine.
What a great amount of FREE items! Finish is great left my dishes so clean! Gain made my laundry smelling so good! Wisk cleaned my laundry and many other!
This is by far one of the best tools I've used for my feet when I give myself a pedicure. A must have !!!
Bought this to drown out my husbands snoring and numerous other noises coming from the house at night.  I can't say it really masks the snoring that much but it does help with outside noise from other rooms or outside.  All in all it does help me sleep better.  It gets the job done.  I. like that it is super compact and fits right on my night stand with plenty of room.
I don't get the hype. After using this brush for 2 months I've decided that life is too short to use an inferior tool.I expect some shedding with a natural brush. I don't expect it to still be a daily issue after 2 months. The tangle in the bottom of my bowl was initially a bother and now I'm over it. I clean out this mass every few days but unfortunately a fair amount of soap gets cleaned out too, so my soap doesn't last as long as I would like.If you're the kind of guy who counts pennies or just likes to use a well-made product, make sure you add the cost of a replacement brush to your budget. I hate to throw out anything before the end of its life cycle but this brush is too frustrating to continue to use. I'm moving on.I give the product 1 star and the seller 1 star for outstanding communication. Without his excellent follow-up this would be a 1-star review.
Fabulous, would buy them over and over again!  Barely feel them, good looking, Scojo rules!
Good probiotics are pricy and this is worth it. EAZY to take no taste put it in my drink first thing in the am.
These make wearing a face mask a lot more comfortable as they hold the masks off your mouth so it's easier to breathe. They are made from thick plastic that is long lasting and can be washed with soap and water or heat sanitized easily. Comes in a three pack that is well packaged and protects them from dust and dirt. They are a must have for anyone who  has difficulty breathing when wearing a mask. Great value
I didn't help me with milk supply but I am still taking it for general health.I like it. Great price and good product.
Broke after a week of use
I haven’t used it that long but the ingredients and strength were what I desired
I really love these B12 Gummies and I do feel more energy taking them. In the past I did not really enjoy taking vitamin pills. Taking gummies that taste good makes it so easy to make it a habit.  At this point all the vitamins I take are gummies. Really happy with these.
I actually haven’t tried this myself, but got it as a gift for my Brother in Law bc he loves this stuff. He’s really picky about his diet and he’s very strong so it must be pretty good stuff.
just received it today. have used it twice already. It's amazing. It really feels good. strong massage without being too much. the heat is just right.  so far I am in love with this little dynamo
These gloves are really cute, I love the pink fingertips.. and both the flocked and unflocked pairs are very easy to slide on and comfortable.  The sizing does run a bit large though, you might consider sizing down if you are between sizes.Unfortunately, the unflocked pair of these gloves has pretty poor puncture resistance compared to the gloves I usually use (Playtex nitrile).  My fingernails punched through the unflocked pair the second time I used them and I wasn't being particularly rough with them.The  extra material in the flocked pair seems to offer better durability but I prefer the feel and dexterity of the unflocked pair.
Tasty protein bars. Hard to decide which flavor is best.
They have some good options, but for a fast lunch when not so hungry, these are very tasty, with no chalky protein taste.
It’s okay. The rods aren’t very long so it feels like you are shoving the entire thing in your ear. It also came in a HUGE shopping box. I’m talking a shoe box big enough for a pair of winter boots. Total waste!
Not used as intended. We used to re-pierce holes that had grown over on the back side of my ear. She was not impressed with the sharpness when used manually but the worst was the reaction by one of my ears. Not sure if it didn't like the material this is made of but that ear has still not healed in 3 weeks. Not infected just still very sore.  .
Order came with missing parts i find out after my friends order from different seller. Hookah should come with cleaning stuff but this one is not. Also glass base is not tight very lose
This product in size 14 was big enough to cut down to the size I needed for an exact fit
These work awesome on everything listed on package. You don’t need cleaner with it , great for anyone with allergies!
Fits great around the belt.Turn off: smell.But once you get passed that odor one way or another, it's good to have in your bmw.
I have been having problems with my stomach so someone suggested I try this. I tried it today, mixing it with some Dasani water enhancer added to a 14 cup of water.  It doesn't taste bad at all this way. So, so far so good.....  I will report back on whether it is helping my stomach and if there are any side effects.  Thanks.Suwanee
I was more hopeful to have a disposable cup that was better quality.  It is ok, nice black color BUT more "flimsy". I would not order again.
I have very dry and cracked skin on one foot. I have been using Zim's for about 20 years, it is the ONLY thing that helps me. It actually heals the cracks. I've tried all of the usual remedies such as Vaseline, olive oil, coconut oil and everything else you would think of. Zim's is the only product for me.
Cover fits well and allows me to wear the Phonak under my shirt and protect it from the moisture when I am working and perspiring.  Only thing I don't care for is that cover must be pulled back to insert the charging cord.  But, that's a minor inconvenience.
This has D3 that is called the sun vitamin, and is it’s good for our bones.As we get older we do not absorb vitamins as good, and alsoThe sun. Although too much sun can cause Cancer of the skin.Before taking D3 you should get tested toActually know how much you need.I now need to take 10,000 mg of D3, and I Live in California andGarden everyday.The K2 mK7, and Mk2 in this takes the calcium fromYour arteries to your bones and teeth that keeps the calcium from cloggingUp your arteries, Although I likeThe K2-MK4 better, but that one is pretty Pricey.Now I notice there is K1 in this which surprises me!K1 clots your blood, and many people take a baby aspirinTo thin there blood a bit for there heart as they get older, so I feel that K1Would defeats the reason for taking a baby aspirin.If any one takes any type of a blood thinner they should Not take K1 at all,Or talk to your Dr. first.I’m only giving this a 2 stars cause of the K1 in this.
Look at the way these came ... I have to straighten them  out! I don’t even know if they’re going to taste like because looks like they’ve been in some ways back office or store room for a while Forgot for sure I will upgrade this when I get that information
It is so easy to use and works well. The recharging is quite fast and works for several times before it has to be recharged. I really like it.
This oil is amazing. I mix a various oils and make my own facial nourishing moisturizer
This silk face mask is nice against my skin and it does a great job of keeping out the light because of the lower strap. There are two adjustable straps. I had to adjust mine to be as wide as possible. The mask still fits me tightly and because of this, it keeps the light out, completely. Excellent materials and workmanship!
Worked great the first 2 times and now it’s dull and doesn’t really work. Waste of money
Nice product fast shipping great on neck and head , after a year still working well just noisy ..
if you have a teen ager, this is way cheaper than acne cream
In September I purchased one of these. It worked as it should for two weeks, approximately 15 hours total use. On day 15 when I turned it on it had only half the brightness and a blackish film coating the inside of it. I messaged the seller, Light Bulbs International and they were kind enough to send me out a replacement. The replacement worked out great for exactly 7 days. Today, day 8 the replacement bulb went bad and developed the same blackish blue film inside it again! After approximately 20 minutes the bulb just went out. I removed it from the fixture to find that one of the filaments had broken. See pictures attached. This is so frustrating! Perhaps these bulbs are just old stock or from a defective batch. It’s not my fixture. I had been and am using now a GE bulb that I purchased at my local hardware store that works without issue. AS OF SEPTEMBER 2020 DO NOT PURCHASE THESE BULBS!  THEY ARE DEFECTIVE! These Sylvania bulbs used to be the best. I have used them for many years and each one lasted several years. The bulbs here are JUNK!!!
A friend of mine recommended this product Patriots power he asked me to try it for a week or two see what I thought it stopped all my in between meals snacking I went from 44 to 36 jean and I'm down to 213 from 254 lbs
My dog is allergic to fleas and this helped him very much and he didn't even mind the smell of the cedar.  Me - I don't really like the smell but I LOVE the results.  No tick bites this year!
My Grandmother swears this works. She gets terrible charlie horses. This is probably the 9 bottle I have bought for her over the years. Very little smell even with the strong ingredients.
Helps with the hungries.
Original Post:  On time and as described.Original post is true enough but will add that they are very roughly textured.  Thought they would soften somewhat with use, but they don't.  Not buying again.
A little rough on edges
Did nothing to help me sleep.
I like the wide variety of mushrooms included in this mushroom supplement and am always glad to see Chaga mushroom included though I don't know how much of it is in this supplement. I buy Chaga separately as a powder because it is so incredibly good for the immune system. All of these mushrooms in this supplement are extremely good for health and there is nothing I can find negative to say about it.
I have allergies so these are great for folks who need to blow their nose …… a lot.
Really helps my allergies, will be ordering more.
So I normally don't take the time to write a review like this but after having purchased this product as well as another(Naturez Ayurveda Joint Pain Relief) for my wife to help her with ongoing pain issues in her knee I found that it, in fact, worked for her at least from what I was being told.When I injured my shoulder I thought to try it before taking medications and let me tell you it worked so well I nearly forgot I had an injured shoulder at all for hours (it lasted about 4 or 5 hours).This will be a product I will be going to first when I have joint pain to be sure.
What I like about this product is it comes with a teeth whitening pen and a desentizing serum esp for sensitive teeth like mine. The strips sticks well with the gums and there is a cooling effect. The results are comparable with the branded ones. I was confused though with how often you get to apply it. It says full 14 days treatment so that would mean 14 days consecutive days.
I bought this to take while breastfeeding our daughter who had severe reflux. I started by taking two every evening and within 24 hours my daughter was remarkably different. I also noticed it helped me with feeling less abdominal cramps and also helped my reflux calm down significantly. I would highly recommend this for many reasons.
I had high hopes for this item, but it didn't go well from the start.  As it says in the information sent with the device, this is not a hearing aid, and if you have problems with your hearing then you need to contact a doctor.  Honestly, if you think you need an item like this, then that's exactly what you need to do.  You need to contact a professional so that you can get some "real" assistance.This device is marketed to "baby boomers", of which I am one.  But this is a VERY "challenging" device in many ways.  MANY "baby boomers" and most "seniors" would never be able to set the device up. . . much less be able to operate it once it's all plugged-in.  This is the reason the "Jitterbug" cell phone was created. . . . Keep It Simple!!!  This device is anything but simple, especially for those for whom it is supposed to be geared toward. Most "seniors" do not want. .  need. . . or desire "fancy gadgets" with lots of buttons.If this item were $59.95, then I would give it higher marks. . . but. . . it's not!  It's many times that, and not worth it!I was able to set it up without too much difficulty, but I know many of my friends would have simply left it in the box.  Even if someone had their child or grandchild set it up for them, they still will be "lost" as to how to operate it.Three of the functions  modes, I just don't "get".  If you need a headset for a telephone, then you can get one very inexpensively.  No need for this.  If you have trouble hearing people, and carrying on a conversation with someone, then you probably need to see a professional about having your hearing tested and acquiring a "real" device for assistance.  I don't know anyone who wants to walk around with what looks to be an "odd" mp3 player with earplugs to talk to people.  The third function, of playing "sounds" is just kind of annoying.  At first I thought it might be nice. .  but. .  I was listening to what I would call "waves". . . It's obviously on a "loop" playing the sounds over and over. . . but. . . there is a "beginning" and an "end". . .  So when the loop finishes, it's not a smooth transition to start playing again.  You notice where it "ends" and then "starts" again.  Personally, this is very annoying.  It should be a seamless loop.Now for the one function that does indeed work, and I actually like. .  .. Watching TV.  Once you set it up, you can actually listen to TV and it works just fine. I like this because I live in a condo, and though the walls a quite thick, I still don't want to turn the TV up too loud, and there have been times when it would have been more enjoyable to have a headset like this.  Granted, there are a few "issues" with this also.  First, it will work with just one TV, because you have to run a cord from the TV to the base of the device.  Second, the information shows that the battery will last about 6.5-hours in TV mode.  Granted, that's a bit of time, but if it's a weekend, and you want to watch a lot, it still might not be enough.  It takes 5-hours to charge the device as well.  Also, if you have the earplugs in to watch TV, then if you have other people around you, you're probably not going to be able to "socialize".  You're either going to be watching TV with the earplugs in. . . or . . . not have the earplugs in and "socializing".  Also, the earplugs are not all that comfortable.  I'm assuming I can use other earplugs or earphones I find more comfortable.  I haven't tried that yet, but I'm "assuming" it will work.But even though I like the TV part. . . . There are MUCH less expensive and better options, if that's really what you're looking for.  I did a search on Amazon.com and there are some GREAT options. . . . a LOT less expensive. . .  . and cordless!!!!
Good shears, they are more greenish neon yellow than the picture describes
i have been using this for several years and was happy with this product until last week.  For some reason, when I put in my contact lens,  it the heck out of my eye (hydrogen peroxide did not convert)  but also about a one inch long line on my skin just outside my eye. It burned my skin!  I've decided to research and find a different, safer product.  (I did not purchase this product through Amazon, but am looking at reviews of others concerning this).
Get ready to progressgag. This stuff is rancid but effective af. Kid you not though, it's inedible. I put a shot of water in it and just throw it back and chase it with a spoonful of peanut butter. The price of beauty....
These fit in my cloth masks very well. Filtered out allergens and did not cause my glasses to fog. I need more so just waiting for a restock.
I lve this style of back scrubber, not just for my back but for the back of my legs and even the bottoms of my feet.  I highly recommend them, especially if you are not as physically limber as you used to me (like me).
I am forever putting my glasses down and covering them up when I am working, so I am constantly searching for my glasses when I could be working! These are a great buy for a set of three different colors, and are well made. No more losing my glasses!
I was told by my boss at a dry cleaners that this is the domestic version of the commercial stain remover he uses in his process. You cannot believe the results he gets! After running out of the bag he gave me, I tried this formulation. It takes considerably more, but is worth it. It removes stains of all types and whitens beautifully. Best results are achieved by using hot water and giving a soak. But it will also work in lower temps.Hint: Run an inch or two of water in your bathtub. Add some BIZ and detergent. Soak. Squeeze, don't wring, don't drain, and then wash in a normal wash. I do heavy stains overnight, then lesser ones in the same water. This removed blue shampoo from a white cotton shower curtain that was marked cold, hang to dry! That saved me the cost of replacing the curtain.
A nice basic moisturizer that absorbs like a dream and keeps skin plump. I mix it with Cicaplast to moisturize mature skin and heal mild acne overnight. Could be used as an eye and neck cream. The product comes in a large tube and is unscented. Clean and effective.
Blends great, very subtle flavor. I've used it for smoothies, but when I realized it doesn't taste awful, I started using it to cook toaster-sized protein pancakes to store in my freezer.
This facial scrub is chunks of cacao nibs and the hydrating mask. The pieces of nibs are so large they mostly just hurt my face, its like rubbing pebbles on your face. The hydrating mask feels very nice, but I can't get over the pebbly nibs.
I can't directly  say how good this  works since  am nursing, I didn’t  realize it's not for recommend  for anyone  nursing or pregnant. But I have been giving it to my  son who is a picky eater and my sister  takes it and she claims it's been helpful  to her stomach. I have also noticed  less constipation in my son.For the benefits this gives the price is good.
I already have the lower leg protector and can vouch it is an excellent product and really keeps your cast or dressing dry.  I sent this one for the arm back because it is the same exact thing as the lower leg product.  If all you need is protection for the handwristelbow - don't hesitate to get it.
They are filling
It wasn't a pleasant experience for him or me. He had been doing Keto with me and didn't eat anything other than meat. Of course he got gout. Because I eat a lot of protein rich foods, I like to have this to break down the uric acid. I haven't had gout and don't intend to get it. So I keep well hydrated and use supplements like this. The minerals are great for you and you will feel better.
These fit very well. They do reduce noise, but also muffles sounds you want to hear. Definitely just a reduction, not full hearing protection.
Does this product actually help? Yes, I believe it does. How much of it is the placebo effect? I don't know the answer to that question, all I can tell you is that I did feel some of the benefit that this product claimed.It's not a huge investment, and I'm of the opinion that when it comes to things like this, they can't hurt and could very well help. Keep in mind that every person's body is different.Wishing you the best of luck on your health journey.
I bought this twice. The first time it was so clumpy. The second time still had clumps but way less, I think the first bag was older, the new bag fresher. I used this 2-3x daily as a poultice for about 6 weeks and my 9mm displaced fracture was fused 7 weeks post break. I used it in combo with the homeopathic symphytum, 1 pellet in my water daily. Great product but so so clumpy.
This is a cute sugar bowl. Doesn’t take up much space but looks pretty good. The spoon is small but just the right size.
Nice dose amount of over 400mg of Saw Palmetto with 2.5 Elderberry.  This is a slight blend that the bottle label recommends one a day.  That's easy for me.  The other thing that is nice and easy is the clear bottle.  Now, I can see how much I have left.  Wish every bottle was clear!!!No fillers too and easy to swallow with liquid.Trust you found this review honest and helpful:-)
I think these sticks must be made out of some kind of root. At least, that's what they feel like. I don't like the smell or taste of them, but they do work well to clean the teeth...at least the front teeth. I had a hard time getting the "brush" on the back side of my teeth. If you like these miswak sticks, they do work very well to clean the teeth, and I did feel they helped my gums in the process.I went online and searched for more information and found out that dogs can chew these sticks, too, and it will help clean their teeth. So I gave the sticks to my dogs, and they happily chewed them until they were gone!
Excellent oil! I put it in my coffee every morning!
We love Dreft, and this product helps with the tough stains! We have used it on everyone's clothes and I am so pleased with the results. It works well when used with the detergent.
Even though it smells like old cheese it provides the essential butyric acid that becomes deficient in older people.
Excellent product and a really great value.
No side effects. Not too large and a fairly neutral taste. High quality ingredients for added nutritional insurance to a person's diet.
This seems to work fine for making e-juice. Came sealed in a sturdy bottle. Slightly sweet. I'll be buying more.
This is a unique blend of plant-based protein with anti-inflammatory ingredients like tart cherry and turmeric. It's very low in net carbs and is ideal for anyone on a keto or diabetic diet. The vanilla cold brew flavor is delicious!! I like this as a post-workout recovery drink. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
This DVD, which bills itself as a "30 day body transformation," basically offers strength training exercises plus cardio and nutritional tips.  It features two brothers, Craig and Matt Lewandowski, who present the information as well as the workout.  According to their Flabs 2 Abs web site, "learning doesn't have to be boring," so the Lewandowski brothers provide their advice with humor--for example, they are wearing chef's hats during the "Nutrition" segment.The Main Menu for this DVD reads as follows:  Introduction--Nutrition--Cardio--Weight TrainingThe Introduction is a quick (&lt;1 minute) overview in which Craig and Matt explain that viewers will see results in just 30 days.  Cardio is also a short segment (1.5 minutes), as it consists solely of the brothers explaining that high intensity cardio is not necessary for their program.  Rather, they maintain that the "secret" to fat loss is low intensity cardio performed at a comfortable pace; they recommend 20 minutes in the morning and again in the evening to start.Nutrition has its own submenu consisting of Introduction--Nutrition--Examples.  During the 5.5 minute Nutrition segment Craig and Matt outline their nutritional plan, which includes the following components:*5 meals per day*protein at all 5 meals*whole grain carbohydrates at first 4 meals*vegetables at every meal are okay, but watch serving sizes and no starches*fats limited to 1 serving of "good" fat per meal*both fruit and dairy limited to 1 serving per day; may need to be less*NO sugar, trans fat, empty carbs, or alcoholThe Weight Training also has its own submenu.  During the Introduction, Craig and Matt explain that there are 6 different muscle groups (although there area actually SEVEN, including abs), with the goal of working a different muscle group on each of six days and then resting on day seven.  I have listed each of the muscle groups as they appear on the submenu below; I have added in approximate times as well as a list of the exercises included in that segment.NOTE:  For each muscle group, the two brothers are performing the exercises to music, but there is NO verbal instruction.  In addition, quite a bit of equipment is required for these exercises, including a weight bench, several sets of dumbbells, and a pull-up bar.  With the exception of the Abs exercises, 8-10 reps are usually performed of each exercise, with 30 second rest periods in-between sets.ABS (7 minutes)10-20 reps of each exercise.  Bicylces - Ins & Outs - Frankensteins - Scissors - V-ups - Pulse-ups - Touch Dem Toes - Miss THANG - Macho ManCHEST (7 minutes)Push-ups - Incline press - Incline flies - 2nd set of allSHOULDERS (10 minutes)Warm-up shoulder press - Shoulder press - Side laterals - Front dumbbell raise - Front shoulder press - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BICEPS (12 minutes)Warm-up curls - Curls - Hammer curls - Wide curls - Twenty ones - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)TRICEPS (5.5 minutes)Warm-up tricep overhead extension - Tricep overhead extension - Skull crushers - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)BACK (16.5 minutes)Pull-ups - Standing rows - Wide pull-ups - Lawn mowers - Chin-ups - Dumbbell dead lifts - Multi-grip pull-ups - 2nd set of allLEGS (12.5)Warm-up squats - lunges - squats - calf raises - invisible wall squat - 2nd set of all (except warm-up)The final section off of the Main Menu, Extras, includes Tips--Keeping It Off--Examples--Outtakes.Although the Lewandowski brothers make an effort to be funny and engaging in this DVD, to me, they came across as goofy and downright silly at times.  Some men might enjoy their antics, but I simply cannot see these two appealing to a female audience.  In fact, this entire DVD clearly seems more geared to men, from the weight loss success stories shown during the Introduction to the majority of the examples give.  Plus, the exercises themselves place the most emphasis on the areas on which men tend to prefer to focus, including the back and biceps.  Male exercisers looking for a no-nonsense overall diet and exercise approach may appreciate the relative straight-forwardness of this DVD, but I think that the appeal to others is likely to be quite limited, and for that reason, my final rating is 2 12 stars.
So at times it doesn't take a reading but I have found it accurate now after a few days in a row of confirmed ketosis. Sometimes you just have to wait and try the reading again, but I think for the price, it is a good deal!
This is a very nice product, put together with care and consideration. I even got a crystal I never heard of, a lionstone which is like a more solidly covered tigerseye with a wonderful shifting gold layer, ah I love it. the whole set is great and the pamphlet accompanying also very nice. the only complaint really is that the little set of stones aren't identified and explained. it's still a pleasing purchase tho, the bags are adorable too
The top strap is far too small to even get over my head so the brace is useless. I have purchased others that are very good but this isn’t. I’m keeping it for the cages, extenders and filters but the brace is useless.
Bottle lid was broken 😒. Other than that, good product.
Use these to brush my infant son's teeth.  They are soft, they clean well and he loves to chew on them.
I use two bags to get theGood flavor. Will continue to drink this tea. Works in the infuser as well.
This thing is life. hits all my spots.... Unlike most men and their girlfriends... Man I'm snarky AF
I would carry the flat piece in my purse to apply under my puffy eyes from allergies and when visiting family who live in a metropolis full of smog (car gets covered in filth from the residual smog). Really helped my fiance when he went through coffee withdrawals, too.
Yummy mix it with KOdiak mix
I doubt I would use this body brush in the shower, because I think if it gets wet it's going to be more likely to lose bristles, but as a dry skin brush it is awesome! It's comfortable to hold, the handle wrapping ensures a good grip, and it's long enough to be able to reach your whole back or all the way down to your feet without being so huge it's unwieldy for doing your arms and front torso.If you've never tried dry brushing, you should. It's stimulating to your skin, helps remove dead flaky skin better than wet-showering does, and has a number of benefits for health. Google it! One thing dry brushing is good for is to help open up the skin to allow ingrown hairs (like I have on my legs from using an epilator) to surface.This brush, which I received at a discount in exchange for my honest review, will hang on the side of my vanity to remind me to pick it up and do a little dry brushing while I'm otherwise occupied...a great multitasking habit to get into.
magnets feel out after a few weeks but did help the soles
Cheap, poor quality. It didn't fit my 1930's claw foot tub faucet and  broke when we tried to replace the the faucet connector with one that did fit.
This is probably my 4th walker.  Because it is lighter than the other walkers I can turn it with one hand. Because of the smaller wheels, it is easy to maneuver it in the house. I would recommend it.  It also folds up easily.
On time and as described
Good quality. Product as described and looks as per photo provided.
I have been using this for almost 10 years now.  I love it.  Just wish the price would be more reasonable.  It's terribly expensive for such a small amount.
Tart cherries are credited with easing inflammation, accelerating muscle recovery, and  easing insomnia. I much prefer nutriceuticals to pharmaceuticals. These capsules are easy to swallow and the user is to take up to three a day with meals. I have been taking them and can't say I've noticed any impact, good or bad. However my mother, who suffers from arthritis, and my brother, who has a chronic knee problem, both reported noticeable improvement. They have been taking one capsule a day. My brother now forgoes his Advil for this supplement. Tart cherry juice is an expensive, acquired taste. These capsules are a cost effective way to reap the benefits of tart cherry without fuss or muss.
This collagen protein powder is so nice! My wife mixed in with her coffee and barely noticed a taste from it! It dissolves perfectly too! No lumps! If you sniff the container upon opening you notice a slight smell to it, but it’s light and not overpowering. This stuff is great!
These fit as expected and fit well.  They are snug as to be expected with compression socks.  The color and style are cute. They wash well
In overall quality these are one step below Foster Grant folding glasses.
First time user. It took me a while a find out how to assemble them. After some adjustments I find a way to use it. And it does helps relieve my neck pain.
Love these easy multitasking bleach tablets. Beats carrying home a big old jug of bleach.Walmark has been out of them since pademic hit and was so glad to find hear.
I absolutely love all of the different scents in this big set!! All really good quality scents and work great in my diffusers! My house smells just amazing with these!
Truly the best..tried megsorb and all..this wins it all..
It's soothing and somewhat long lasting. The scent is really what I expected.
Great way to get vitamin C that isn't from corn-based crap.
They work, they will cut a penny and get you naked fast enough. The black paint will come off if scraped, but they were pretty affordable, look cool and they do what they are suppose to. I feel comfortable having these on the rig with me.
I'm not keen on this.  I love Perlier products and have used two others in the past.  But this Honey Liguria doesn't have much of a scent.  I like these bath creams scented.  I've been tempted to return it, but then , it does leave the skin soft and smooth.
These are my favorite tissues. The cube box is always better than the rectangle! These are soft and have a simple box that's not too distracting.
It's exactly as pictured and described. I can't find any fault in the container.
the size said it would fit a size 10 (which i am) but these were to small, they were tight i didn't use them. they were cheaply made Dr. Scholls could have made something more comfortable.
Ordered thus as it is supposedly helpful with joint pain. Then found out is not good for me as I am on a blood thinner. Check with your Dr. before taking.
SO a couple of things I noticed- I did this on a day where the back half of the house was in full sun and the front was in shade. The windows in the back were super hot and the crystals from this started showing instantly and seemed to come out better. So people with poor results on this might try heating up the window with a blow dryer first or something if it's cold out. The front windows still did decent, just took them some time to dry and the crystals to show up.I can say from experience- don't overdo it all at once on a window! If you do then you'll get runs in your crystals and it detracts from them a bit. So lightly spray the window and let it dry for a bit and once it's dry to touch, decide if you need to follow up with another coat.Pro tip, if you want it to look professional then use a piece of cardboard along the edges as you spray or tape all of your window trim with masking tape before spraying this. Especially around darker window frames. If you have white window frames then it probably wouldn't be an issue. I have dark brown aluminum frame windows and the over spray of this looks kinda junky. It does wipe off though so I just have to find time and go out and wipe the edges down for a cleaner look.Overall I'm truly amazed by the frozen window look these created! I did it for privacy and you can't see past it- it looks great! It's very classy looking.
Bought this for a sprained ankle because I am spoiled and refused to use crutches. Anyway, chose this scooter because it was on the low side for a "next day delivery" scooter on cost and there is a basket, and the basket is metal. There ya go. This scooter ticked all my boxes so I purchased. Very pleased. Delivery was truly next day and it worked very well. I'm sure I will be lending it out to family  as needed for many many years to come.
Very pleased with my purchase.
The first time I bought this product it tasted wonderful. So I reordered it. I tried the new tube, instead of tasting like cinnamon,  the new batch tasted like old horrible tasting medicine. I sure won't get it until they go back to the old formula.
They work great
Happy with product.
These work fine but I didn't use it.
Too small and they fall over.
I love to give myself pedicures but this spa bath didn’t even turn on after I prepared the water and stuff and plugged it up
You can not beat the price for the amount of hydrated water you get!  You can buy at the grocery store and by the time you add up the amount you pay, you will save so much by buying this and making your own hydrated water!  Not to mention its delivered right to you with Amazon and no need to go to the store. So glad I purchased! Will be buying again for sure.
I’m not that familiar with myrrh as a fragrance or therapeutic oil, though I’ve had several brands and types of therapeutic grades of oil - but this brand is very pleasing and looks to be pure.It lasts a good amount of time in my diffuser and the fragrance is very nice. I combined this with frankincense .
these are absolutely worthless.  I bought them assuming they would work like others that foam up into the sink and clean while foaming.  these have absolutely no foaming or cleaning ability that I can tell and they don't get rid of any smells.
These work very well. A lot of power in a a small package. I use floor models in other rooms, these in the bathrooms. They are an excellent product.
Placed this in a low airflow side of my apartment not far from the front door. I can tell it helps to keep the pollen and dust down. I don't have to dust my black glass furniture near as often as before.
I liked the unit but after very little use one of the wheels got all wobbly because the bearings fell apart. I returned the unit for a refund.
These are the best file out there IMO. The are small and will slip into any purse, pocket, travel bag, luggage, etc. I have one with me at all times and the others are in travel bags and luggage so I never forget to grab one. They file nails smoothly and even give a shine. Please click like if this is helpful to you. Happy Shopping!
Lots of boxes of tissue for the price. More than I expected!
I cannot recommend these. The design works well if you have problems with your hands, but the materials don't last. I've purchased these twice. The first lasted pretty long, 1 12 years, then the end of the plastic shaft snapped and it came apart.  I ordered another which lasted only 4 months before breaking at the same location.
some of the capsules were clumped together... too many of them actually
To be honest, my husband did not use this for a balding head. He wanted to try it for his face and for noseear hairs. This is his review. This was a nice man's shaver. It has several attachments which are easy to change out and install. The shave I got was super close and it was easy to maneuver it over the contours of my face. I have to admit it is one of the best shaves I have had in the past few years and for the money it is a good deal. The nose trimmer worked well with no pain or irritation. Highly recommend.
Very Nice !
I live in s La where we just had catastrophic flooding and developed eczema due to the use of concentrated chemicals to kill mold. I used several natural things-Oregon grape(worked ok) , coconut oil, Msm cream w tea tree( Sunfood product-worked incredible for the itch!) But..skin would not heal and became worse to major blistersbleeding -tears to my eyes at time. I started using this 2 days ago-applying 5 times a day and it has cleared up almost completely. Wished I would've known this 5 weeks ago. But truly was the only thing that healed my hands (dry skin, peeling, blisters, itch, inflammation) hands are 80% well after a few days. I do recommend Msm cream (tea tree) for itch ! Worked fabulously! But Swedish bitters is the only thing that wiped the dry skin, inflammation, bleeding, cracking & itching too!
I really liked the description of these and also the reviews that said they blocked all noise. Well, not for me. I read the directions and followed them to a T. The earplugs would not stay in my ears no matter how long I held them so they could "reinflate". It was a waste of money for me.
Suggested by ND for temporary one-time episode of skin inflammation.  Worked OK.
Do not waste your money
Love this tea it really takes your appetite away
Wow, what a game changer for me, especially at work. I'm much more focused and my mood is balanced, super helpful during hormone spikes!
They don’t block any noise at all.  I tried inserting them many different ways.  Followed the directions precisely.  They’re worthless.
I liked the results it gives.
I am always looking for new natural supplements to put in my green smoothies.  We tend to eat more healthy around my house, so this looked really intriguing to me.  Let's see how it performed..WHAT IS THIS POWDER LIKE?This powder is green and comes in a foil re-sealed package.  It also comes with a little scoop to measure with.ODOR?This has very little odor.TASTE?This does taste like gooseberries without the severe tart twist that our bushes of gooseberries have.HOW DOES IT PERFORM IN SMOOTHIES?I find that using a scoop in a Vitamix sized smoothie is not enough to alter the taste so much that people won't drink it.  This powder ads a bit of a twist to the smoothie that I find refreshing.  It is not that bad and if I dip my finger in the powder and eat it, it is almost a buttery slightly tart feeling.ANY REACTIONS?We have had no bad reactions to this.  As for vitamin C, in the winter, I love having this available to put in smoothies as Vitamin C tends to be REALLY sour in nature.  This is far nicer to have.  Keep in mind it is only a tiny bit of Vitamin C and not therapeutic amounts.  This is not for battling sickness.THE BOTTOM LINEFor a nice natural additive to smoothies or other foods that increase nutritional content but don't overwhelm taste, this is a nice powder.  I have enjoyed using it for quite a few weeks now.MY RATINGI am giving this four stars.  It is pleasant tasting and not overwhelming and I like including it in smoothies.
I put these in a pair of cheap slip on shoes.  They are easy to cut to size and fit perfectly.  They are super comfortable and converted a pretty horrible pair of shoes into a a super comfortable pair.  So far they are holding up very well and have not skid around at all.  It does take a couple hours of walking for these to "mold" to your foot shape, but once they are broken in they remain super comfortable.  Great inserts.
Bought to use around the house to keep mice away
Cute Yoda looks just like pics however doesn’t stay on to well and toothpaste gets clogged and crusty in it.
Absolutely love this set! Love the colorful filers. The size is helpful for gripping. The glass file is so unique and works incredibly well. Excellent value too!
Potent as it says it is... I love this product the energy is great and I needed this!
These soft earplugs worked great on my last airplane flight. It blocked out the sound from the engine and a crying baby! I like these better than the kind you squish and push in your ear. The comfort is better and they remove so easily with the tab for removal. The carrying  case is nice to keep them secure and from being lost.
I was given this product to test out and give my opinion as to what I think about it. First; it arrived swiftly. I will have to update this, since I just recently received it, but since I do deal with problems of circulation due to so, sooo many cancer surgeries, it feels good to gently move both of these against the skin. The one, rolls along the skin, the other rounded one is for specific areas, but I would suggest that maybe having a handle with a softer grip might be a good idea, but the concept is a good one. We'll see if I can give a more detailed feedback as far as how it is working on my skin soon. Restoring circulation is a big plus for me though. (love the color too). *G*
Perfect for keeping produce fresh. I wouldn't be without them!
I buy these for myself, not kids, I love them.
This is my new favorite daily vitamin. Totally Vegan, easy to swallow and fills all the daily requirements of my 60+aged body. I have a tendency to skip breakfast most days a week and this vitamin agrees with an empty stomach (no aftertaste, burping, or unpleasant stomach rumblings). This is a lot cheaper than my usual Centrum formula so Amazon has once again turned me away from name brands and over to their store brand names. I highly recommend for any woman over age 40 who cares about their health!
My sister has incredible peripheral neuropathy in her feet. They burn & then go numb. This was sent to her, I really don’t know if she’s using it.  In 71 years she’s never taken my advice on anything but she’s in so much pain she actually asked me for ideas. Fingers crossed.
A waste of money personally. I regret I bought this. Thought it would be fun but the scratch off was already lifted
3.5 stars. These were bough as an emergency fix and worked in a pinch, but the hand rests are NOT palm friendly and were very uncomfortable for my son. People who use forearm crutches all the time need curved hand rests for comfort. These were inexpensive and quick delivery.
This pet pill syringe makes giving medication much easier. I have one dog that runs at the sounds of the pill bottle because she loves the pocket treats and another who you have to hold down to take anything.  We have tried everything to get her to take pills and she always spits them out. With this pill syringe we are able to force them down her throat with the first attempt. The syringe comes with two different sizes but currently we only need one. The syringe also allows you to put water with the pill which I think makes it harder to spit out. This is a great addition to the monthly routine for our animals.I have received this pet pill syringe at a discounted price or free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review of the product. I provide my product review as though I paid full price for it. The views expressed here are my own, based on my personal use and experience with the product, and are unbiased and honest reviews. Any feedback, positive or negative, regarding this product is based on my personal experience with the product. I have not been asked to provide positive feedback, nor have I received any compensation or incentive from the company for this review. I use reviews when purchasing a product and take the task of reviewing products seriously. Like most people, I rely heavily on product reviews when deciding to purchase an item from a particular manufacturer or company. If you feel this review has been helpful, please click the YES button.
This inexpensive scale seemed to work OK for most of the first year after I bought it.  It tended to vary a bit from weigh to weigh, even within minutes, but seemed to be in the right ballpark.  It is attractive and very readable.  But then, at about the one year mark of ownership, the weight shown went out of whack, not by a huge amount, but by enough that I knew there was a problem.  I tried new batteries but that made no difference.  So I am throwing it away and have ordered a more highly rated and more expensive scale.  I'd like to get one that will last for years.UPDATE:  To my utter surprise, the company reached out to me shortly after I published the review above.  They processed an immediate and full refund to my credit card and have offered me a replacement scale.  I should have called them as soon as the problem developed, and I'm sure they would have replaced the scale then and there.
Beautiful, true cobalt blue bottles!! I tried to change the roller to a metal one, but it wouldn't roll. Changed out the complete plastic hub and used the metal ball and it worked great! Love these!!
Smells great. Does not perform as well as other detanglers.
top cover doesn't cover whole compartment and supplies fall out, had alot better med bags.. Had to switch back to my old bag because It kept letting equipment fall out..
We all know we should be eating more greens. This is an easy way to do so. The powder can be added to any liquid. You could also bake with it or add it to sauces. It's quite versatile. I highly recommend it.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
a hit at the party!
I just received this item and I hadn't even tried it on, but I could tell from the feel of it I made an excellent choice. If you need a head strap for plastic frames that slide down your nose (as mine always do), get this product! It is even better than I had hoped: the strap is very lightweight, you won't even know you have it on. I wear behind-the-ear hearing aids -- the pieces that attach to my frames are very thin and pliable and fit nicely in my crowded ear space! The part that goes behind your head has a velcro fastener with the very cool company name on it. The strap sits low on my neck and is hardly noticeable, even with a shaved head. This strap is well worth your money and will do the job perfectly! The only available color is black -- I would have preferred some other -- but because of how well it works, I can easily overlook the matter. Order today!
My boyfriend and I are highly impressed with this set. There are two pretty lilac heating and cooling wraps. We heated them in the microwave for two minutes each one. They come out really warm and are soothing as a neck wrap, to lay over the shoulder, around the arm, or leg.  These can also be used cold by putting them in a waterproof plastic bag in the refrigerator for at least four hours to chill. We personally only use these for heat therapy.There is Velcro along one end to keep the wrap in place. One has to be careful not to let the Velcro touch any delicate clothing because it is strong and can damage delicate fabrics like sweaters. The wraps are unscented and made of clay beads and millet. As a result of the ingredients, they are heavy. These wraps cannot be washed; they can only be surfaced cleaned.The current price of $22.99 for these two wraps is very reasonable. We are both highly impressed.
Didn't work.  Maybe my butt is hopeless
Don't waste your money, no difference between this one and the cheaper version. This one is extremely loud and vibrates so hard on high that the attachments actually vibrates off. The intensity is nothing to write home about. Save your money and purchase the Wahl therapeutic model
I have been wanting to use both coconut oil and activated charcoal for my teeth, whitening and overall health. But I have a strong gag reflex making me nervous about the taste and consistency. I ordered this product and love it. I've had no issues with gaging like I worried using some of the ingredients in the product alone. It also works great to brighten up my teeth and leave them feeling fresh.
Gave me a bad headache after about 3 nights of usage
My boys love these brushes. They like being able to choose a different color each night.
I've used Dr. B. Dental Solutions Ultrasonic Cleaner every night since I got it. I love it.
Bought many for friends.Unobtrusive but great reminder.Putting it in a drawer when you don’t need it, it lasts! Won’t just keep going off - since there isn’t an off button this is a huge plus!
This was a gift for our Godson who we were told loved it.  The whole family enjoyed playing the game.
This works good. Usually have to buy just the eyebrow shaver for more and I have to worry about finding a battery. This has more attachments and a USB charger. Glad I got it!
This is a good basic mask.  People who want more decoration can use post earrings, as I do.
The product is exactly as expected but the order did not come with the pump as described.
Like many of you, I have persistent neck pain.  This looked great.  Don't be fooled.  I disliked this so much that I threw it away.  I had my wife try it out to make sure it was not just me.  She did not like it at all either.I tried this many times, never ever did I think it did anything.  I hate to say this, but this is a waste of time and money.
We had an infestation of pantry moths in our pantry and had to throw out a lot of dried food like crackers, cereals, some dried figs and items that are high in carbohydrates.  The rotten little monsters could smell what I had in zip-loc bags and burrowed right through them to the food.  Besides waging serious war with the moths, I've placed a lot of food items in these smell-proof bags in the hopes if there are any moths left that we didn't eradicate that they will not be able to smell the food through the bags and thus burrow into them.  So far it seems to be working but we also having found any moths stuck to the fly strips we hung up in there either so that's a good sign we might have gotten them all.  These bags seem well made and should last a long time.
Cheap made. A waste of money.
These are light weigh but very supportive. Make your legs feel 'tireless'.
few times a day I add about 14 teaspoon to a small amount of water and it is pretty much tasteless.  Easy to take. I am using it for severe Joint Hypermobility Syndrome which results in loss of collagen.  The rheumatologist who diagnosed me suggested powder might be easier than pills and I went straight for powder.
Amazing product! I’m so happy I finally bought a tongue scraper! It really makes a difference!!! I felt like I was suffering from build up on my tongue it felt awful but this help a ton!!!
These are reasonably comfortable but the padding is too thin. They feel cheap from the start and the padding compresses immediately, so you don’t get much benefit. The padding is stitched to the mesh i  two places, but even though I folded it in thirds to make it thicker, it still didn’t help protect my elbow. Would have helped to have a hard shell on the outside. So these were a fail for me and I’m still looking for something better.
After trying another brand that was just off enough to not fit my OCedar spin mop, I was really hoping I wouldn't have a problem with these.Fortunately they fit and are a pretty good substitute as a generic form for your spin mop.You have to press down really hard in order to get them to stay, but they are a much more inexpensive option.
Having spent $263 at the podiatrist to clip an ingrown toe nail which was too thick for me to trim, was delighted to be asked to review these toe nail clipper and cuticle trimmers.I used the clipper last night on thick, ingrown toenail and it clipped it easily. Mayo Clinic says to cut ingrown nails straight across.  If you google Mayo Clinic, they tell you how to treat ingrown toenails at home which is very helpful. I am hoping that having these clippers will help to solve the ingrown toenail problem.They have a plastic guard and come in a leather case which zippers to close it and keep the instruments safe so it is good for storing and travel.Am very happy with this set.(review sample provided)
They work just as described.  A good number of these will come in handy.  They arrived promptly too.
These are nicer than previous used because of the gripper knob. They really exfoliate my skin and make it soft and clean. It was a good buy and came quickly.
I’ve always read lots of great reviews about the stuff and thought I would try. The stuff was horrible. Are used it to wash my Gallardo and it left shiny little greasy chemical marks all over the car. It wasn’t possible to remove. I ended up using my go to Stoners quick bead detail and that did the trick. That stuff is awesome and can use on every part of your car. Does not leave streaks and better tan actual window cleaner on the windows..
Gift for Xmas, also put in an extra bulb.  This will be put next to a cat box. Hope it works like reviews said
I tried several brushes over the last several months and love the KOZIS Wooden Bath Brush (Amazon item # B08HR2GBHC) the best. However, this one is very good too.The brush head side is ample for good coverage. The bristles are of medium softness. The massaging side is not useful to me because I have no desire to use that. In fact, I do not even understand why anyone would use that. The brush is hefty and is one solid piece, which is fabulous as the head cannot fall off the handle like some other brushes I tried previously. It also has a rope loop to hang up in the shower. In addition, a self-stick hook is supplied if needed but I did not use it.Besides the massaging brush head that I find useless, the only negative to me is that the brush handle is about two inches shorter than I would like. Many brushes have a longer handle and a longer handle is best when trying to reach my back. Nevertheless, this is still very functional and it is very well made.Overall, I like this brush even though it comes in second to the KOZIS I love. The current price of $11.99 is about right for a two-sided wooden brush.
These gummies are a wonderful blend to help boost your immunity.A similar blend in capsules would be very large and difficult for some people to swallow.I got the 2 pack so I don't run out as quickly with the whole family taking it.Elderberry is one of my favorite supplements.These are tasty, not too sweet and easy to chew.
I love it! I've only had it for a few days and already I have noticed a difference in my sleep pattern. I've always had trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. I slept like a rock with this thing on. I don't remember waking up more than once, which is a miracle for me. I'll have a hard time if I ever have to sleep without it now!
I am addicted to these sponges as I hate houswork and they speed through a lot of cleaning chores that used to involve a lot of products and scrubbing. I now have clean counters, a clean stove, and generally much cleaner kitchen with very little effort.
Use for Fog and haze weather,Gray sky,Fog weather, Dust weather, Snow weather, Building site Etc.Not for Medical use. It has 3 layers and covers my whole face. I feel like it will protect me and those i come in contact with; and the price was right.  The ear loops are comfortable and the nose piece keeps my glasses from fogging.
I hadn't used a glade candle in awhile but I thought these might be ok.  I do not like whatever they use in the wicks, it gives a nasty smell.  I would not recommend this brand of candles if you are used to Yankee or other clean burning soy candles like I am, you will probably notice the same stink I do if so.
If you're using them fast it is great but mine got dry within a couple days
Work as advertised! I do a lot of parties, and always have years. This helps extremely well. If you want to be able to still hear people in the music, this product is for you.
Great VG. Good flavorless base for vapers and DIY juices.
The tissues themselves are fine. They clean and wipe snot as well as dirt and food of the face or counter, are soft and do not irritate. The packaging while compact is a bit off putting since the tissues are so jam-packed together, it's hard to pull them out in the beginning without pulling a whole wad of them as well tearing several of them. But the tissues themselves serve well as any regular tissues.
Comfortable, easy to wear. I wear it almost all the time.
When I can’t burn sage, I will use this.  Great smell too!
We buy a lot of supplements to aid in our immunity as a family because we have small children that attend school. The tincture prevents or halts the illness. I don’t know if it’s coincidence or because of this fantastic product. Daily, I have taken the recommended 15 to 60 drops (half the dropper). Days that I take the product I do not contract any illness and I feel great. Then, sometimes I forget and see that I’m getting sick like a scratchy throat or some congestion I start taking it and it halts the illness, And I was a 99% of the time the illness does not become worse after taking this product. All in all I would have to say this is a five star product and a fantastic supplement to have in your home if especially if you have family members that are immunocompromised.
The space is great, but it’s small enough to fit in the small pocket of my purse! The design is gorgeous and exactly as shown. Exceeds my expectations!
Works on my hair beautifully. Only complaint I have is the placement of the buttons. I keep changing the temp every time I use it. The &#34;bristle&#34; area does get very, very HOT, so do not let young ones use this or touch. My hair is naturally straight and this gives it a very sleek and lovely look. Took it on vacation and was able to pack it easily.
Works better than the waxed king.  Gets the particles out better.
The lining makes a big difference!
Reasonably priced, nice quality, quick delivery.
I have several microfiber towels as they are easy to fit into bags when packing for a trip. There have been several camping trips where these have been a lifesaver in terms of not taking up a lot of precious space in backpacks. This towel, however, is much thinner and not as absorbent as the other, admittedly more expensive, ones that I’ve purchased.  It feels cheaper and not as soft and velvety as others.  The Velcro works fine and the length is good.  I would not recommend this for a larger person or a person with a wide chest as I don’t think it would be comfortable—too tight.
Received 2 batteries.  Both work.
Attempted to install holder onto Holder.  Clips on both sides broke off.  Made of hard plastic and have no give.  Commode piping needs to be smaller than toilet holder.
I got this OvaCue Wireless Fertility Monitor for my daughter, who only has one ovary, due to having to have one removed. She is young and is looking so forward to starting a family, but her cycles are not regular. This monitor is working better for her than any other tests or means they have tried. She said it was easy to set up, easy to use, and seems to be accurate. She can really see what is happening on charts made from the daily test results and there is lots of helpful information throughout. It is still early, but I'm hopeful that I will be told that she is expecting soon.This really is a great monitor for women like her, and others who have struggled with health issues and with other tests and trials of this and that, that have been nothing but letdowns. This is really something great and different. Highly recommended!
Better than I expected
The wax worked well.  My daughter's red Mustang is very shiny!
Tried once
This comes in a nice box that's a little big for the bottle of lotion. There's also a bunch of nicely colored purple stuffing. The lotion has little to no scent which it is supposed to. It has a nice consistency, not too thick, not too thin and it soaks in pretty quickly without being greasy. The pump is really sturdy and shaped like a cute leaf.
I prefer these containers over the resealable bags that sometimes will not reseal. Also easier to spoon out of this and comes with a measuring spoon. Good quality powder with that Irish Mossy taste yumm LOL. Wish it came in a larger size or maybe it does and I have not seen it yet?
Great fit and Great price and fast delivery
Bought these for my husband.  They have a good grip and were easy to hold onto.  I also likes that they have a larger clip area as your toenails are larger than your finger tips, general speaking.  They are heavy and sharp.  I feel as though they will last for some to come. I never hesitate to update my reviews if new info should seem useful.  They arrived quickly (I have prime) and in good condition along with a few other things I had ordered.
I use essential oils in my diffusers and this sandalwood essential oil is perfect for that. This is also great for those who make body butters or other lotions.The fragrance is  clean and masculine and smells like a good soap. I use anywhere from 3 - 5 drops in my diffuser depending on the size of my water reservoir. The resulting aroma is lovely.The current price of $15.99 for this large 3.38 fluid ounce bottle is reasonable as it comes to less than $5 per ounce.
My two girls went nuts over these bath bombs.First of all they are packaged nicely and none of them came chipped or broken.They are lightly scented and lightly dyed. This makes me feel better as us ladies have to take precaution when bathing especially with harsh soaps and dyes. They are definitely not "LUSH" quality but still work well and look nice.
With all the growth in technology, I'm not sure how optimum's stuff still tastes bad. Very chalky and bitter.
This stuff is like a miracle. I use it for all kinds of things, burns, cuts, blemishes.. Heals fast
I use it as a toner at night but also as a makeup remover (i dont use to much makeup). I will be buying it frequently.
The lotion does everything it says, protects from bugs and is an excellent sunscreen. Avon did well in producing this product as well as the pump spray and aerosol can.....I will certainly buy this product again if needed in the future.
I wanted to like because of the price i paid, but it is too harsh to cut the beard. Compares to reddington brand, for example, I won't be able to use it. Returning.
Doesn't matter how I feel, because its good for you...Alittle bitter but hey...Not everything good for you will be how you want it.
Nice tattoo. It lasted a few days even with showers. Would definitely consider repurchasing.
As my husband and I get older, we are realizing why our parents would be so frustrated for the fact that hair is now growing in all the wrong places. My face has some unwanted hair and my husbands nose and ears are getting a few stragglers every now and then. This tool is rechargeable (so no need to worry about batteries!) and has many different attachments. It came packaged well. It cuts without being in danger of cutting skin, which is super important when trimming your nose or ears and can't really see what you're doing. Exactly what I expected the product to do
Removes odors effectively and has a nice smell.
This is a good product but the packaging makes scooping out the bottom third annoying - I kept my own scoop in the bag as the one that came with the product is too small. Also, calling this a wheatgrass shot is deceptive as a WG shot is pure juice squeezed from the wheatgrass - not dehydrated grass mixed in water
Very cute Halloween decorations that include a variety of items to decorate with. Will be fun to decorate with closer to Halloween. I know my kids will enjoy them when I put them up.
I appreciate this item!! I need these Gloves to do my limited shopping and other activities  such  paying my bills by going to the Post Office!!  Amazon thank you for listing this item in your inventory!!
This is my second unit. My daughter took my first one. Fells great on sore muscles.
I would venture to say that darned few haven't purchased Puffs tissues at least once while shopping at the grocery store or drug store. Puffs with Lotion are about as soft and comforting as tissues get. This post aims more towards the convenience of having them delivered to your door on your schedule rather than having to remember them when shopping. Always nice to have a tissue handy when fighting a cold or the flu.
this thing is huge.. so I'm disappointed and now I'll be sending it back.  The problem I had was it is NOT as well built as people said on here. The actual sides are each ok and seem to be solid..however the hinge is cheap and doesn't line up the 'cups' so it's just very annoying and seems like it'll fall apart easily.Sending Back!!!
One of the letters had a hole in it when we received it. We had to tape it for it to stay inflated.
Great purchase. Couldn't beat the price with the amount that came with it.
Been using it for  years as part of my supplements regimen.  Never felt better!
These gummy vitamin C supplements are great. I love that they include bioflavonoids. I do dislike the amount of vitamin c per gummy, but that is pretty standard. You'll have to take 4 of these to equal one pack of emergen-C. They taste great and are a good option for kids.
It was a nice buy. I wear glasses so I have a hard time with it, because the light really hurts my eyes. I think I will gift it to my niece.
Have tried so many things for my heels with improvement.  This stuff?  Just about the best thing ever and works like a charm.  Buy it, you won't regret it.  Highly recommend.
Really great for getting hard water stains out of the toilet bowl. It's the only thing that removes hard water buildup from our toilets.
I was hopeful that this product could help even a little bit but all I got was a very tender and painful &#34;chest&#34;. After losing over 100 lbs my bust was well let's just say sad. I'm in my early 20s and feel that plastic surgery should be a last resort so I thought I'd try these &#34;vitamins&#34; coupled with specific exercises. After three weeks of taking them religiously my bust began to be extremely sore, even the slightest bump was quite painful and I felt it was in my best interest to stop. My chest didn't change at all, nothing, zip, nada.
I purchased this in pink, and the dusty rose color is misleading.  It is a hot pink.However, that’s my only real complaint.  I have adhesive sensitivities and haveyet to encounter a k tape I can wear for more than 24 hours.  So there is that limitation, but not an unexpected one.  I use this on things like wrist strains and also to secure magnets to painful areas for magnet therapy.  The peel off grid on the back of the tape makes it easier to estimate the amount needed for a task, especially if you have taped the same area before.For the newly initiated, a general rule of thumb in taping a small area to secure it is to have one length of tape stretched 75% and the matching strap cut longer and unstretched (like for a wrist).  Medium size areas like knees may require one unstretched and two stretched 50%—that sort of thing.  Never stretch both pairs 100%.  That may feel super supportive until it makes your skin peel (a lesson learned from my previous roll of k tape).  Try to go to a PT or chiro for instructions :).
Good product for a great price. Fits my electric toothbrush perfectly.
I bought this as a foot rest under my desk at work, I was a little disappointed.  It is foam cushion so when I put my feet on it, the foam slowly pushed down and it was no longer rising or bending my ankles like it should have.  I wouldn't have minded it were slow to compress however it was a matter of seconds not minutes so it did no good at all for me as a foot rest.  I wish it would have been less cushion-y and soft but that didn't stop me from getting use out of it.  I put it on my chair and use it as lumbar support.  It works but sadly not for what i really wanted this for.  Its soft, well made, anti slip with grips on the bottom so can't complain too much but its no foot rest.  Sorry :(
If you're like me, you read reviews before you purchase anything. No one wants to waste their hard-earned money! That's why honest reviews matter, good or bad, so here's my thoughts...Pros: lightweight; quiet compared to my old clippers; cuts smoothly & evenlyCons: absolutely none!
This is a lifetime supply of nasal relief packets. Just add them to your Neti pot with some distilled water and you are good to go! They really help if you have a sinus infection or really bad allergies.
these are great we are still cleaning after the fires here in california and these are non toxic and work great to remove the soot and ash damage thanks so much!
I really like these.  They are clear and large.  They are a multipurpose bag for me storing comforters, etc.
Great product!! Will order this shake again!
The upside is that unlike most magnesium pills, these aren’t enormous and hard to swallow. They are in standard size gel caps. The downside is, you need to take two to get less than the giant horse pills usually include. I don’t have a particularly difficult time swallowing large pills, so it’s all pretty much the same to me. These are good, and so are the larger ones! It’s all about what you prefer, and how much you need.
I bought this for a Christmas gift to give to my mom. She loves things like this. I didn't actually read the description on it before purchasing, so I was shocked at the size of it when I took it out of the box. I was expecting a smaller item, but I'm glad it is bigger than I expected because I think she will like it a lot more.
Average quality roller. The stone is not particularly polished and looks as inexpensive as it is. If you're in the market for a roller that just functions, it's fine. But I can tell it's one of those mass produced products that they sell in flea market stalls around town. Given that you can get nicer ones for the same price, I wouldn't order this again. Sorry but not impressed.
My husband loves the fact this handy little kit doesn't have to be plugged in - but instead uses a battery and does a fantastic job!
These hold all my vitamins and are superb for traveling or at home.  I like that I don't have to worry about the top popping open while traveling.  No need for a zip lock bag or rubber band around the tops.
My definition of 'attractive' may be disputed, but when I say that this is accurate I mean it. The first thing I did after I unboxed the review sample that I received from the manufacturer was to test just how accurate it it. A few notes: I am not going to regurgitate the product description or specs on this page. I will give my impression and highlights that led me to give this five stars. Also, mine shipped with an included tape measure, which was not mentioned in the description at the time of this review. It's actually a high quality one that has an auto-retract mechanism that adds even more value to this set.I test a lot of scales so I have standard weights that are used for calibration, and in this case comparison. My approach is to use different weights, then repeat the weighing. There was no deviation among the results from all tests.In addition I also performed the same tests using a different scale and received the same results. My conclusion is this is accurate per the product description right out of the box.You can switch among pounds, kilograms and stones by pressing a button on the underside of the scale. Plus this is accurate to one decimal place (in .2 increments), so you can see detailed results if you are battling the pounds (or kilos or stones), as well as weigh objects.A few things that I especially like about this scale are the large display, which is a big deal at my age, and the blue lit background. I also like the fact that it will come alive as soon as I step on it and give me the bad or good news after a few second lag, and will go back to sleep shortly after I step off of it.Among the scales that I have tested this one stands out in ease of use, display quality and accuracy. It's heavy and well made, and the fifteen dollar price tag at the time of this review makes it an incredible bargain. If you could see one in person you'd be as impressed as I am.
The bottom part of the mask just stays open and is really not keeping your germs in or any other germs out
I could not get this guard to work.  I boiled it a second time when I got it too tight the first time and it still didn't work.  It was not cheap either.
cant feel pain on bum
This product absolutely DESTROYED my sensitive areas, I can’t believe this product is marketed for babies, I’d never EVER put a baby through what this did to me. Chemical burns, completely destroyed me, almost went to the ER. DO NOT BUY.
I like the sturdiness of these insoles, yes they are very hard and hard to cut, but if you want a firm supportive insole they have to be firm. They give me the best support in ,my foot wear. Yes it took a long time to trim them down to size, but the feel and comfort they provide is worth it. This is not a flabby insole, which would be a waste of money and until I found these, I’ve been wasting lots of money. These insoles are quality made and I will certainly purchase another for my boots, these insoles come all the way to the toe, giving full support
The quality of the bags is very poor. the seams rip open the second you put anything in them.If they were sturdier they would get 5 stars for their overall holiday charm.
We ordered a 3 pack of these glasses.  The first pair lasted a week, the 2nd pair lasted two weeks, and the 3rd pair lasted 2 minutes.  The arms easily unscrew and either we can’t find the parts or we would need to buy a repair kit.
Great for in house and travel bags.
Nope! Huge nope on this stuff. It smells horrible and the taste is just as bad as the smell. I made the mistake of trying another flavor and it had the same horrible rancid vitamin smell as this one and I can tell you right now, I didn't feel like getting sick from this stuff either. Just stay away from this stuff unless you like the rancid vitamin taste.
Cleans body and hair easily and thoroughly. Smells almost as nice as almonds. Some may need hair conditioner after shower.
feels exactly the same as my non-innovative curler with the non-innovative replacement rubber part. it bent my lashes just like the other does.
pretty much useless. i got it for cats. they're freaks to begin with and have to be on prozac, so i bought this anticipating trouble. this was not helpful. as an alternative, i also purchased those treat things that you shove the pill in, and although they needed some coaxing & praise, the cats now gobble their pills eagerly every day! success.
This little water bottle is the right size for me. I bought it for use at the office. Its small size makes storing it easy since I have limited space at my cubicle. Its small size makes it more discreet than a full-size water bottle. The bottle is also small enough that I can slip my shirt over it for even more discreetness. And it's small enough to easily be filled up using the hot water dispenser at my offices' coffee maker. I only need a little bit of warmth in small areas, for example, the small of my back. It seems to hold heat longer than a fabric tube with dried rice inside it and once you have it positioned nicely it isn't a struggle to keep it in place.I also use the hot water dispenser at my work's coffee maker to fill it up. So it only takes 30 seconds to fill up my mini water bottle, instead of three minutes heating up a tube full of rice in the microwave.
Awful taste, chalky, doesn't dissolve.
Wife wears all the time!
I have been taking suppliments for 40 years, and have FINALLY found an affordable multi that is great.  I am a loyal user and will be until I go toes up!!  I am healthy, even though my eating habits have not always been the best, and I attribute this to my Vitalert.
Cute for a little girls party
My husband loves this product and uses it daily. It mixes well, provides the supplementation he wants, and is affordable.
It’s ok. It’s a little rough for my scalp
This little guy saved me from having to buy a new microwave!!! The handle broke off of it and my gums and found this cool gadget and it’s worked great!! I was a bit apprehensive but to my surprise, did the trick. Thank goodness!! Highly recommended.
This item was purchased to help dispense the liquid hand cleaner from the bottle.  It makes just the right amount for washing... without wasteful over supply.  Makes financial help with dispensing of the Hibiclens... just the right amount.  Good to have if you use Hibiclens in your home.
I am really excited to find a non-fish source of omega 3s! And in a gelatin-free gummy too! As a vegetarian, this is a huge discovery. I am bewildered at the reviewers who mention anything about a fishy taste or smell. This is an entirely plant-based product. It tastes like a fruity gummy vitamin. The only thing I would change is the quantity in the bottle. This may not make a difference to many consumers, but I bought this in conjunction with another WOW supplement. This bottle contains 30 servings, while the other product contains 50 servings. It would be far more convenient if the products contained the same number of servings so they are on the same refill schedule. Otherwise, I'm very enthusiastic about this new supplement discovery. I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Comfortable socks
When they stayed in place they worked good. I used them with a more open toe (perhaps they work better in a closed shoe?When I could get them to stay in place the comfort was good and I didn’t mind the toe thing. At least it didn’t bother. They just don’t work for any flat that is open.
Overall, this is an okay toothpaste. Not the best. Not the worst, and overpriced for what it claims (and fails) to do. I've been using it for several weeks and haven't noticed any significant improvement in my oral health, tartar levels, or whiteness. It's minty and on the thinner side. It's not meant to foam, but I feel I need more than average amounts to properly brush my teeth. My teeth feel clean, but not moreso than they do with other toothpastes. I'll stick with the Periogen mouth rinse.
B vitamins are needed when you are on a vegetarian diet or when you are just stressed out by life's challenges. These easy-to-use tubes are portable and travel well. They save you from having to swallow more pills. These are pleasantly strawberry flavored and provide B3, B6, B7, B9 and B12. The other ingredients include distilled water, vegetable glycerin, citric acid, potassium sorbate and natural flavorings. They taste great. To your health...please consult with a doctor before taking supplements. Personally these make me feel calmer and less anxious.~The Rebecca Review
Light weight easy to use but doesn’t do anything for me. Followed instructions and no curling actually occurs.  I would return it but I lost the batter compartment cover. It wouldn’t stay on. I wouldn’t recommend. Perhaps my lashes are too thick???
Does a FANTASTIC JOB!! Used Cascade for 3 years. Worth every penny!!
Okay, I'm just going to say it. I don't brush my teeth enough. I've got a nice SonicCare electric toothbrush in the bathroom, but because I'm retired and don't have to get dressed up to go out anywhere, I don't have a grooming routine. I don't have an alarm clock either! I needed something like this to keep close to me to help me remember to use it, so when I was offered the product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, I was pretty happy about being able to try it.I'm sure I'm not the only senior who wears comfortable clothes and falls asleep in them. If my clothes are not dirty, I've been known to wear them for days at a time. I'm probably also not the only senior who doesn't register what day or time it is half the time. I keep my hair cut very short so if I forget to comb it nobody will notice. I work on my computer almost every waking moment, and it seems the only time I get out from under that cloud is when I'm in the kitchen cooking. It's only when I'm waiting for the microwave to finish or the coffee pot to stop perking that I suddenly become aware of my body...at which point I usually realize I need to brush my teeth.I've tried keeping a spare manual toothbrush and toothpaste in the kitchen. Both have a tendency to fall into the sink with the dirty dishes. I like this brush because I can clip it to my T- shirt or pocket (where it looks like some kind of space pen) and whip it out for a quick brushing while I'm waiting for the microwave to finish. I love how you can &quot;dial&quot; out just a little toothpaste, not so much as to require a lot of water, do a quick brushing, then rinse at the sink, stick the brush back into its cap, and get back to what you were doing.My Tom's of Maine toothpaste tube wasn't a perfect fit for the screw-on end through which you fill it, but it was good enough. I just turned the dial down as the tube filled with toothpaste. Dialing it back up with the thumbscrew pushes the toothpaste up through the center of the brush. It doesn't take much. I don't know what people are talking about with &quot;cleaning&quot; it. I wouldn't bother with that. I think as long as you rinse the brush end well and dial a tiny bit of toothpaste back into the bristles (like flushing a syringe), there's no reason to have to clean the toothpaste reservoir. Just put more toothpaste into it when it's getting low, I would think.Disclaimer: I came of age at a time when kids actually played in the dirt and exposure to germs was considered a good way of building up immunity. If you're one of those people who showers three times a day and has to clean everything to within an inch of its life all the time, you probably won't like this toothbrush.
Love it! Holds a ton of pennies! May not be the most ideal if you plan on taking it with you as you travel (it is quite large). But it displays beautifully at home!
Look great. Crisp vision. Definitely improves driving night vision. Sturdy build.Better look than expected.
I have been using this product for a couple of years.  Works well without side affects.
Doesn't seem to be as good quality as the higher priced brands I've tried, but I guess you get what you pay for...........or don't.
I use superfood supplements all the time. Frankly, I think that is the only reason that I have yet to have the flu or any major illness in years. I take these, which are good for the gut.
Purchased as game give aways for a baby shower
I've recently discovered the wonders of gel manicures! No drying time and they last for weeks? Sign me up! I love the colors included in this set! They are very vibrant and bright! The colors go on fairly thin so it takes a couple of coats to get good coverage. The glitter polish is a bit on the chunky side, which is pretty, but rather hard to get it to look even. The polish arrived nicely packaged in a box with foam to hold it in place and a color dot on top of each bottle to quickly identify the colors since gel polish arrives in black bottles. I'm happy with it so far and would order this again.
It's expensive but it works! Definitely going to keep buying
Didn't work for me at all. Returned.
I was a little nervous ordering these because some reviewers noted they are small.  For the price, I decided to give them a try and if they were too small my teen daughter could wear them.  Glad I ordered because they fit great!  The seam down the center also helps prevent breathing in your mask while talking and breathing.  I wish I ordered these sooner!
FOR WHEN YOU REALLY NEED TO BLOW YOUR SCHNOZZ.....
I wasn't expecting a whole lot from these clippers given the price point (ten bucks as of this review). I was really surprised at how well these work. The blades cut as well as models costing far more. A nice, clean cut without any pulling or abrasion. The length dial works very well. It has a nice, smooth action with a solid, positive click stop for each length. It comes with two guides so you have two sets of adjustability lengths.Where the cost-cutting is seen is with the case and attachment build quality. It's all plastic and doesn't have much of a solid heft to it. I very much doubt this would survive a fall of a few feet onto a hard floor. I'm not willing to test that out, so I may be wrong about that, but the very plasticy nature of the clippers don't make me at all confident in their ability to shrug off damage. The guide combs are also rather thin, but since they connect to the body with an internal peg (versus having to pull them off the blade itself) the thinner build quality is fine with regard to durability.It charges with a USB C cable (included) which is a nice change from having to keep and use a transformer specifically for the clipper.  The motor has a muted buzz that is reasonably quiet and not annoying. There's only one control, which is a sliding onoff. It clicks firmly into place and stays put in use.While these are lightweight in terms of build quality, it punches well above its weight class when it comes to performance. Five stars.
Perfect for my kitchen. Keeps those odors away.
This is my 4th reorder.
OMG !!!!  amazing this is the best purchase ever  works 100%
I feel I got what I paid for. At $7.62 I was not expecting anything too terribly great but I put it on and after less than 6 hours of wearing noticed the elastic has already stretched and is gone. I was hoping to get at least a weeks use out of each bandage but doubt I will get that.
I love the chance to try different items. Thanks
It is pricey compared to other older eating sprays, but that's because it is what you'd expect for that higher price. I really appreciate that quality.
It is not a good mask.  It is not waterproof.  It is very thin material.  Not recommended to buyers!!!
As someone with sensory issues and needing motivation to clean anyway, these gloves worked well. Pacific PPE's 2-pack of household gloves are unlined and a bit thin, and this pair was sized large. They ran very large, particularly for my medium hands.They were perfect for bathroom cleaning. They are quite long and came above my hoodie sleeves enough to protect them but also so that I didn't have to worry about pushing my sleeves up. My gripe about most gloves is they aren't long enough, so fluids get into them anyway. Didn't happen at all with these gloves. They were protective from cleaning chemicals and water.They are quite thin, so I wonder how long before one tears. Likewise, not knowing much about this material, I wonder if they will  become brittle over time, particularly from chemical contact.In all they are great gloves and worth every dime.
Bitter, bitter, bitter... I still drank it in different ways, hot, cold, in different rooms, lol.  I did not receive a relaxed feeling. I do not foresee me purchasing this product again.
Work great on muscle cramps and sore muscles
It is a very good concept that could work for adults that work at a desk with their water bottle next to them. But even though, they need to be vigilant as the device only blinks once - and if they miss it and do not drink, the device eventually shut down !I think it should be refined at least with repeated blinking when the first blink is missed - or perhaps it should be a warning bip sound instead of the first blink, followed by repeated blinking after a while if the is missed.This does not  work for children.
Thank you for the speedy delivery and most importantly a product that I can use. I will for sure be ordering more of these in the future and through you guys.
This PERFECT! My eyeglasses my earrings, pills and loose chains.
It tasted good, but was quite expensive
Best thing I've bought in a very long time
Heat, humidity, a blazing sun and salty air create an environment where a great pair of sunglasses are mandatory when enjoying the great outdoors.  Unfortunately most sunglass holders are made of cloth and therefore absorb moisture and turn into wet noodles.  They also start to smell and the color fades.  I bought my first set of Cablz when I saw them on a fishing guide and realized how perfect they were for this environment.  Now all of my family uses them. Couldn't be happier!
Works as intended, but may have a tendency to shift after closing, causing the case to close at an angle.
This is not a durable item. The stone is very light and left me surprised how quickly it dissolves.Do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews here. I ignored them and now I’m stuck with a product that’s marginal at best.The maker really needs to reformulate or look for another material that offers consumers a more durable experience.
They are nice looking and do not look like &#34;old lady socks&#34;.  I am in my 40s and had sclerotherapy done and wanted support after i got done wearing the ones the Dr had me use but I didnt want ugly socks or socks that made my feet get too hot with my tennis shoes.  They stay up and make my legs feel better when i wear them.
I chose the "Sweet" over the "Savory" based upon the vegetables I like more, but I didn't care for the taste of this.  It changed the flavor of any food I added it to, so it's still sitting on my counter over a month later.
The value for the money is very good though the freshness not as intense as I would like.- maybe because Marjoram is not as strong as Oregano. I’ve had some good experience with this company and will purchase from them again.
and it really needed a squeeze bottle so that you can cleanse your bits and pieces off. This works wonderfully. When I am all done, I can dry everything or let everything air dry for the next use. If you have hemorrhoids, this will help you alot.
This stuff cleans and lubricates. Keeps your shaver like new.
I mainly wanted this for PCOS hormonal acne. I started taking progesterone and Metformin in early March, and they both had my face looking like I was a teenager again! It was extremely embarrassing for me since I'm 40 years old! After about a month of taking these, my skin started to improve a LOT. I am still breaking out here and there, but it's only like once or twice a week (if that), compared to every single day.The flavor is this supplement is tolerable. It has a slight tartness at first and then a bite at the end from the pepper. It can burn your throat a little, but I've gotten used to it, so it doesn't bother me.
I've used one box for a gift so far. I think I need to superglue to fabric onto the box. As I arrive to the pary with the box I notice part of the box coming apart.
The thing does not work and looked like it had been opened before we revived it.  What a joke this product seems to be.
Have a 35 lb dog that loves chewing.  He struggled with the large chewing part and so settled on the foot pads and chewed them off, leaving the rest.  Seemed a bit difficult for him to get a good chomp on.  Otherwise, he was very interested in trying to tear the thing apart.
Nitropics  is a quality brand compounding interesting ingredient supplements. Nitropics supplements attract top-notch user reviews ... maybe the best in the supplement market. If Nitropics makes it, it's worth a try.High expectations. So far, so good. It will be better than I expected.
Works well for a bargain price. Thing is it's less gooey than the name brand but as the title says, it does the job I needed it to do. I use quite a bit of the stuff for medical reasons and am happy I can go to Amazon for the connection.
I liked the extra suction cup hook and rubber scrubber that came with the box. You get a charcoal, green tea, and normal sponge. I've used the charcoal one so far and you don't have to worry about the color robbing off or leaving lumps of charcoal on your face. The charcoal has no smell or feeling, I would go as far as to say, the added charcoal is cosmetic. The sponges are very soft and slightly slippery (like  how bleach feels) and it cleans the face. I can't say this is a must-have product, but it is a good product for people who don't have anything to wash their face with but water. The sponge will help exfoliate the skin without any exfoliates so it's natural and safe for all kinds of skin. You can use it with or without soap. I don;t see any noticeable difference with using the sponge vs using the washcloth, but it is a much gentler substitute for washcloths if you are in the market for something gentler for your skin.
I started using Clear Tract powder about 6 months ago. I have a 20 year history of bladder infections and the antibiotics weren't cutting it anymore. I haven't had one since using Clear Tract. Works best on gram-negative bacteria such as e-coli. If you have gram-positive bacteria (which I also had), oil of oregano works like a charm on those types of bladder infections. I developed a staph (gram-positive) bladder infection months ago and it was resistant to antibiotics. The only thing that cured it was oil of oregano. I'll never take antibiotics again unless it's a life-or-death situation.Between Clear Tract, oil of oregano, krill oil supplements and probiotics, in addition to really improving my diet, I haven't had an infection since. Actually, I haven't been sick at all since, either. My daughter currently has the flu with vomiting and diarrhea, but I feel great! Try Clear Tract-it really works!
This Dr. Mercola Organic White Grapefruit Essential Oil has a nice fresh aroma. It will be great for making blends to go in my diffusers. I have a pink grapefruit essential oil already and was hoping this one would be a little different, but they smell pretty much the same. Though it smells good on its own, there are many blends using grapefruit that smell so good, and I look forward to trying lots of them.It does seem to have a lighter scent than I'm used to, so I would not trust using it in any skin or lip recipes. For diffusing and candle making, I would definitely recommend it.
Traumeel is the BEST homeopathic cream made anywhere.  It speeds up healing of all my bruises, surgical dressings, etc.  I use it to excellent effect - helping with healing after surgeries and injuries.
Overall it works as described however we quickly found that it is noisy. When plugged in the remote section of the cord makes a high pitch noise along with a deep clanging noise.
Love this stuff! It takes a really good stir once you first open it up but is so tasty and love the added protein!
Love this lemon juice. Will use it forever!
If I could give it a negative star I would.  I ignored the negative reviews because I wanted to believe I would like it. Some people do.  It is sweetened with Maltitol which spikes my blood sugar. Maltitol syrup has a glycemic index of 52, which approaches that of table sugar at 60.  I prefer Erythritol or stevia.  The listing on the website did not show the ingredients; it just stated &#34;no added sugar.&#34;  I should have been cautious when ingredients were not listed.  Even worse, they have a &#34;no return&#34; policy.
TASTE IS GREAT I MIX IT WITH ULTIMA REPLENISHER ELECTROYTE DRINK FOR WHEN I PLAY GOLF AND SWEAT ALOT.  KEEPS UP MY ENGERY.
Wow no. First of all. First time I tried to use it I slid off my chair and hit the ground. Later when I kept trying to find a way to use it it left deep deep gouge marks in my skin. Def a waste. And painful. Bizarrely painful
Great for wedding favors! We used these to put together s'more wedding favors and they turned out very well!
More delicious than a lip gloss, warming and tingly, you may find interesting uses for this edible massage oil. You can use it as a massage oil although it is slightly more sticky and sweet. It warms slightly on the skin, but mostly when tasted. Surprise the one you love with a chocolate kiss by using this as a lip gloss. The oil looks like a cherry gloss vanilla syrup and comes in a corked glass bottle you'd imagine finding on the beach. When empty you can refill with regular massage oils. I can almost guarantee if you try this flavor, you will want to try the rest. I thought the flavor was rather sweet, minty and delicious.~The Rebecca Review
I am giving this three stars only because I love the colors and the variety of them. I really needed the piece on the back of the heel because the shoes fit me a tad big. But unfortanely I followed the steps on how to apply the cushion and it didn’t last at all. It came right off and keep rolling under my heel. Very umcomfortable. They were working just fine when I tried it on and left it but when it was time to wear it for longer period it did not work as I expected. I tried the beige cushion that goes behind the heel with a nude heel you couldn’t see the cushion which was good.
Smooth.  Right size.
Perfect size. Great to travel with. Works well
This roll on smells like menthol and goes on icy cold. I get a cooling, soothing sensation for about 15-20 mins then nada. It’s nice to use after a workout or long day so it’s been great for me, but you will need to constantly reapply for lingering aches.
I love this toothbrush. It comes with replacement heads so this will last a while before needing to buy more replacement heads. Amazing price. Last a long time. So many different modes its easy to get the perfect brush with no issues
I love many of Life Extension's products, and I take two fairly regularly (I need to be cost conscious).  It's possible that I don't need Nitrovasc, but I noticed nothing over the month or so that I was taking this.
As advertised, good product, good vendor.
Great mask. No filter though.But still great mask.
Was looking for something different for cleaning toliet. Easy to use. Good value for the money.
Do not buy this! Do not buy this! Do not buy this! The product does not work very well it is overhyped the battery lasts but a few minutes when they say that it lasts almost an hour. It is a piece of junk add hardly worth what they're asking. I would highly consider using something else cuz this is certainly not something you want to spend your money on nor is it even that pleasurable.!
I've bought a ton of different cotton since I started vaping, from overpriced mavaton and egyptian cotton, cool whic American grown cotton, fire bolt, cotton bacon and more, this cotton here beats them all, it's super absorbent and high quality, I've never been more happy with a cotton before. Not to mention you get 13 feet of it in this package, I've already rewicked 5 different builds and gave my buddy a big chunk of it to try and it doesn't look like I've even touched this package yet. You can't go wrong buying this!
9 of mine were Christmas rolls....and 4 of those rolls were duplicates. :
Honestly I don’t know what my autistic son would do without these
this is so cute travel sized yet it gets the job done! it comes with its own insulated pouch and a gift box. great gift idea
Don’t Think I actually need this . Wanted it but I notice I hardly use it. Quality is great though!!!
helps these dry  funky eyes.  pricey but worth it for me.
Too thick and large!
The arm stand is definitely not sturdy and should not be relied on.
This machine gave fast reading, not sure if the accuracy for the most part though. Very compact and easy to carry
Johnson & Johnson always deliver quality while knock off breads don’t. The swab never falls off the stick like they do with other brands. Every time I don’t buy J&J I’m disappointed, every time I do, I’m satisfied.
Sadly my trusted electronic tooth brush finally gave up so it was time to replace it. So I decided this one would work and it works just as well as my old one did. It has the same settings, with 30 second intervals for the different areas reminding me with a buzz that it is time to move to the next area.It charges with USB-C which is great, so no more extra cables when I travel, now I can consolidate and use the same cables for phone and tooth brush which is amazing. I feel that it cleanse my teeth quite well and have no complaints. The charge lasts significantly longer than it did on my old brush, amazing how much further tech got since I bought the old one.
There was no curve to this eyelash curler and didn’t grip eyelashes. Would not recommend!
Didn’t even cut the hair... very poor quality
This ointment really helped to relieve my headachemuscle pain quickly. I mixed it with bay rum alcoholado. This is my 3rd order because it works for me.
Terrific quality. Just as described and promptly delivered.
I decided to give this product a try alongside my order of AeroShot Energy and based on the reviews from this product, I was actually pretty excited to get the minty-fresh-breath spray combined with the energy boost. I even bought two!EPIC FAIL. Yes, this product will give you a minty blast of breath spray that will temporarily last, however the energy level that I received after even over-usingover-spraying resulted in no more energy than I would have expected. I felt NOTHING but fresh tasting breath and cleared-up airways.I would definitely say, save your money and pass on this Primer Peppermint "ENERGY" Breath Spray. Stick with Altoids.*Note: See my review on AeroShot Energy for a product that actually works!*
This product is sweetened but not flavored, so it just tastes like faintly salty (from the electrolytes) sugar water, but NOT watermelon, grape, orange, mixed fruit, etc. I doubt dogs would mind the sweetness added to their food, and cats do not taste sweet well, if at all. I have been using this to great effect with my picky eater elderly cat who has Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) with chronic diarrhea. I just add some of this to whatever he's having. (I firmly believe feeding him raw meatboneorgan has kept him alive, since his brother died of the same condition before I discovered raw feeding. I also add ground psyllium husk to help solidify his poop.) Anyway, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND for rehydrating sick or chronically dehydrated pets.
Great stones for the price. These aren't as big or smooth as others I have, but for the price, I can't complain. I was surprised that these didn't come with a list of what stones are included, since it sounds like they aren't the same with each order. I know what most of them are, but I have no idea what the others are.
These tablets seem to work very well. I have an older washer and sometimes it gets a musty smell after so many uses. It was easy to use these you just dropped the fizzy tablets in and let the washer agitate. Then you stop the washer and let the tablets do their thing for a couple hours. Then you turn it on rinse and you're done. My washer smells a lot better and looked a lot cleaner after using them.
They didn’t stay suck on shoes.  Lasted about 5 min
I have been working on lowering my BP for over a yr.  Did not want to take scripts for it.  been following natural remedies and a friend suggested this as the Amish use it.  FINALLY, today my BP broke  into the 120's.  129 over 79 to be exact!  usually ran in the 190's over 90's..so I am thrilled.  will be re ordering this.
This is an easy switch to make both for the planet and for your wallet. I have had a set of dryer balls (a different brand) for 3+ years and they are still going strong. These don’t feel like they are wrapped quite as tightly as my old set, but I fully expect them to last over a year. They don’t leave any fuzz behind on my clothes and they don’t have any weird chemicals. This is a very affordable option to substitute for dryer sheets.
Really like these glucose tablets, they taste good and they increase my sugar pretty fast.
The bags hold scraps of food well, but they are a bit thin. They are also smaller than I expected. I can't fit them around the top edge of the trash bin that pulls out from one of my kitchen cupboards. However, I really like the biodegradable factor and I am figuring out ways to use them anyway.
good value for price
Perfect for traveling, or for home.
I installed it in my kitchen and when I leave a pile of dishes overnight, the difference in odor is night and day.
I love this scent! Perfumey and potent, I barely use any of these in the wash and they do the trick. The scent is strong so you don't need much. It don't really know what to compare the smell to, other than it smells like a feminine perfume... floral but with a bright citrus note too. On clothing, it's very mild, but if you are washing a picky male's laundry you might want to try something more herbal. My husband doesn't care one way or the other so this is fine for us.I know fabric softenersscent boostersadded stuff are not that great for fabrics but I like my laundry to smell clean. I respond to scent and I have found that I enjoy doing laundry much more if I have nicely scented things to use.I was using Purex Crystals but the packaging is deceptive, it's only about 34 of the way full. I also have to use more in order to get the benefit of the scent. The Downy packaging is a bit better and I do the tiniest sprinkle. One bottle lasts a long time.They open easily (I guess so people can try the scent before purchasing) and people can steal right from the bottle. I have found half-empty bottles on the shelf before. A friend of mine works in a department store and she says people will dump the entire contents into a ziploc bag and walk out with it! So be sure to check your bottles when you make a purchase! It's easy to just grab a bottle thinking it's full and get home to find that some is missing, especially if you're a distracted mom and are in a hurry to get home before your child has an in-store meltdown!I now make my own laundry detergent and I use these in one of my batches (I make a softeneradded stuff free batch too, for towels) and I am very happy with it. Only one step and no measuring when its time to wash. The recipe I use is from a blog called Aprons 'n Pearls and the post is called Homemade Laundry Soap (if you want to Google it, I found it on Pinterest). It uses washing soda, borax, Fels Naptha, and other ingredients plus these. You only need a couple-few tablespoons per laundry load so one batch lasts a looong time. It takes about 20-30 mins to make it.I purchased this through Prime Pantry and it was $6.99 with a $2.00 coupon, which is still a little bit more than what I'd pay in my grocery store. But I needed a new bottle before I would have a chance to run to the store. I paid extra for the delivery but in store this is much less expensive, especially if you can find a coupon.
Color is nice and pattern is esthetic, but the paper stock is thinner than other brands and feels a little cheap. You get what you pay for (at least in this case).
These stainless steel roller balls leak bad, it literally drips from the ball. Horrible.
These are very good smelling and lasted longer than expected. The colors are very bright and each tablet is individual wrapped in plastic. They do list the ingredients and are not all natural but they never claim to be. Check the ingredient list before purchasing if you have any skin sensitivities. They come in a nice box that is a great gift.
I am very happy with the product and the seller services.  I have used this Vita-C serum mixed with my Clinique moisturizer for several years.  It is GREAT to see it available on Amazon with quick shipping. Thank you.
I was afraid this would be difficult to work with, but it's flavorless and dissolves well.  It doesn't come with it's own scoop, which is a big downfall in my book.  I have to commandeer scoops from my protein powder containers.  I'm not sure that I've actually seen a difference in my skin since beginning to use it though.  The container is fairly small for the higher price tag on it.
I'd never even heard of white noise machines before I became a parent, and now I'm practically a white noise hoarder. I have one in each of my kids rooms, a portable one for travel and one that gets left at Grandma's house in case I forget mine. Plus a couple extras, you know, in case one breaks. It's bad. I have a problem. But they're just so stinkin' soothing and they cover every squeak of the floor in my 100 year old house so I can sneak into my sleeping kids rooms without waking them up. Of all the white noise machines I've had, this one has the least annoying "bonus" sounds of all of them. I usually just use the various white noise settings, but on this one the nature sounds and music are actually really nice! I'm impressed! I wish there was a way to have it rotate through all the songs instead of play "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" 500 times in a row, but other than that there's really nothing about this that I don't like. The light is soft and you can select the color of light you prefer or have it fade through the whole rainbow. A rechargeable battery would really knock this out of the park so I could have the option to use it without being plugged in, but it's not something I really need I guess. I would definitely recommend this to any new parent!
My wife liked them ok.
After the birth of my two year old I am finding that my upper back is hurting more and more. My physical therapist suggested I get a posture corrector to straighten and relieve pain. This one is a great choice. Unlike other ones I have that didn't help, this one has a wide strip of stretchy fabric between the shoulder blades that fits more comfortable but still helps to align my back in place and ease pain. This one can be fastened in the front for easier ability to put on and take off. It's really comfortable and soft. Great value
I am beyond upset with this order. There are four sets of metatarsal pads in this box but three of the pairs are for the right foot only (see photo) and one pair has a left and right pad (see photo) in it.These are difficult to insert into a shoe because the back is very sticky. This means the first placement has to be final. I was able to insert one pair into my shoes and they offer some comfort. I would have rated this four or five stars if they shipped actual pairs and not pairs for people who have two right feet.This is another product going in the garbage because they are not usable as is.
This purchase was just fine.
I like it! Usually I throw half a banana, ice, and some ovaltine with it, just depending on how hungry I am. I do two scoops, which I think comes to less than 2 dollars a meal. Use it for breakfast and sometimes dinner too.PRO TIP: Save the scoop from the previous purchase, because sometimes the measuring scoop gets buried at the bottom from shipping.
Good for removal of the oldest blackheads on soft skin, does not work well on thicker skin.
Mistakenly I gave this item a 3 starIt doesn't deserve 1 star..!!!No matter what guard I put on the blade it doesn't give an even cut ...You can actually see the uneveness of the blade ..It Only served it's purpose during an emergency with the Pandemic Virus we are all under Because my girl was getting matted however a groomer told me when he saw it :" It's the worse Razor to use on pets !!! Redirecting me to different ones !!!
Best socks ever. Warm, loose, no slip. I don't wear anything else. Love these!
This is now part of my gift stock. What a nice way to dress up a book or small gift. Lovely & easy.
Wow...this is great stuff!  If you've ever used a product like Armor All wipes, you'll recognize the type of material being used.  It's nice seeing the bare micro fiber in a convenient package for so cheap.
I am always looking to make regular meals healthier. I like to replace rice with cauliflower rice, replace white sugar with Stevia and use beans where ever I can. I used this sugar to replace half the sugar in a healthier homemade brownie pie recipe I have tweaked with the main ingredient being low sodium canned great northern beans. For all of you skeptics out there, don’t knock it until you try it. This recipe is one I found online however I have tweaked the ingredients and trust me: it will blow you socks off.Ingredients:2 cans low sodium northern beans13 cup cocoa powder23 cup quick oats (keep whole or blend into a flour)14 cup applesauce12 tap salt1 tbsp vanilla extract1 cups sugar (half whitehalf agave insulin powder)1 cup chocolate chips (half milkhalf dark)Oil is to drizzle in (any oil works: grapeseed, olive, avocado, vegetable)Add all ingredients into a food processor and then on low. While on, slowly drizzle the oil into the food processor until the mixture is smooth then add in chocolate chips and then on high for a few minutes until everything is incorporated into a batter. Pour into a pre-greased 8 inch circle pan, cook for 25 minutes  and then left cool in the refrigerator for 4+ hours. Slice and serve! It is best served warmed up with vanilla ice cream!
I wasn't sure what to think about this, but I saw an infomercial and had to give it a try. I've been wearing glasses for over 20 years and never thought about needing to stop my glasses from slipping off my nose because I usually buy well fitting glasses. However, after trying this I realize that I move my glasses back up my nose ALL THE TIME! With this Nerdwax, I was finding myself trying to move my glasses back up my nose, and realizing they were still in the same place. There is a slight smell of peppermint when you first put it on, but it is pleasant and it does not bother my skin or my nose with the scent. I forgot to put it on one day when I went into work, and I was actually disappointed in myself, which is I guess a good way to figure out that this product actually works, and I truly enjoy it. Great job!!
You get a jar of solid soap for use on painting brushes. They suggest using this for oil, watercolor, and acrylic paintbrushes that need cleaning. You unscrew the top and rub the wet, dirty brush against the soap to work the soap into the brush. Obviously, you then rinse the brushes. It seems to work fine and seems comparable to the brush soap that I currently use. I allow the soap to dry out before screwing the cap back on.
Nice finishing touch for small boxes
Not too hot, supportive medium stretch and compression.
I get this every year to keep everyone’s immune system up
Whoever invented this has given a gift to all caregivers. I have a 41 year old son who is like a 3 month old and with these I can diaper him even though I have many health problems of my own. If you are a caregiver to an adult this is a must have
Great feel of card for professional environment.  I will continue to purchase.  The sympathy cards are also a great deal.
I've been using probiotics for some time, they definitely offer benefits to digestion. These gummies are a tasty and effective way to improve your gut health. 5 billion cfus. Recommended.
Discounted or free itemis it good or bad?I'll make the providerauthoreither happy or sad...........and sometimes even mad.One of my earliest memories is going with my Father to visit Grandpa.  The reason that I remember those trips so vividly is that Dad would always take an electric drill with us on those visits.  It turned out that the purpose of those visits was to grind down Grandpa's thick toenails.  I was still too young to understand that the human body often provides us with some surprises, but now I've developed a few of those thick toenails myself.  In addition it appears that Grandpa is responsible for my thick nasal hair and fast-growing long hairs that grow both inside my ears and on my ear lobes.  Three cheers for Grandpa!!!Fortunately most of my toenails are normal and don't require extra attention, but up until now it was a real project to keep the affected ones trimmed and under control.  Previously I was somewhat successful using a special set of heavy duty clippers that have long handles for leverage, but the results were often raggedy and unattractive.  So being offered this set of clippers for testing and review was a welcome and timely circumstance.  These BeautyMe Nail & Toenail clippers appear to be extremely well-made and durable.  The handles are long and ergonomic and the blades are curved and extremely sharp.  The vendor describes these as &#34;Premium Quality-Surgical Grade, and I have no reason to doubt them.The combination of the long handles (for leverage), strong spring (for strength), and extremely sharp curved blades makes for an effective and precise set of clippers.  They work like a charm on my thick toenails.  The one caution I will give you is to be extremely careful to avoid having the blades cut your skin when using them.  Toes tend to be very sensitive and bleed quite a bit.NOTE:  If you hit the &#34;MORE&#34; button under &#34;About the Product&#34; on the Amazon product page you will see two erroneous references to their Blackhead Remover Kit.  Perhaps the company should review and change that verbage.
Quality pads and thoroughly soaked in witch hazel.  Convenient and good price.  I use these on my face, neck and ears.  Also use to clean scratches and cuts.
Bought as a gift for my friend and she likes them.  She hasn't experiences any problems , so I am happy!
Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for.
My pelvic therapist uses this and suggested it for others to use. Medically, it doesn't burn or cause me problems at all. Easily washed clean.
This is a great set of gloves. They can be used for many different tasks. You get a few pairs so this is a good deal. They're latex-free for those with allergies. The material isn't too thin or flimsy. The length is a bit longer than standard. They're high quality gloves.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Arrived when expected. Love it so farUpdateWell I no longer love this. Med heat is either too hot or too cool never the same temp. Pad bunches up don’t buy
Great value, consistent product. Happy with subscribe and save - so far as I can tell, these are the same as in big box stores and similar value for the money.
I  had lost two of my leads when we moved. I purchased these and they fit and work great
cute design. i am wrapping my granddaughter's presents in it!!!
Came as expected
Just what I need to keep my medicine organized and not forget to take any.  It has morning noon night and bedtime for each day of the week
My daughter loves it. She does not waste any makeup like with a sponge that it would soak into.
Bought for my mini pig, Dewey. Helps his skin and coat stay soft and shiny.
I have nothing bad to say about the product. In fact, in my opinion,  this is one of their nicest scents (especially if you're already fond of lavender).  I'm disappointed in myself, however, for not reading carefully and realizing this ridiculously gouged price is for just one bottle.  Won't happen again, that's for sure. ¯_(ツ)_¯
Exactly as advertised and fits perfectly. Also fits my Merkur 34c. Razor a bit short but fine. Expensive considering the low cost of the razor.
Hubby adds this to his daily smoothie of avocado, banana & kale.  This power has very little flavor so it's a great supplement without ruining the taste of the smoothie.
Love this...get one!
For such a lightweight, low cost chair I was surprised how well made it is and how nice the fabric is. As to comfort, well if you're a big guy like me, sitting in the chair for any length of time the armrests will start to dig into your legs and get a bit uncomfortable. It also sits a little lower to the ground than I would prefer. My wife and kids, however, love the chair and think it is very comfortable.
A must have for any first aid kit!
Nicely packaged and handy to carry
This allows you to gently touch your skin while not rubbing hard on it. This bottle should last a lifetime.
This is the first time I tried a Turmeric Curcumin product for chronic joint and muscle pain. I was surprised how quickly I found relief. Within the first few days I noticed a reduction in inflammation my knees and the pain was gone. I am a believer in this product!
This absolutely what I have been looking for to use for my low back.
This multipack is only a little bit more than the price my eye doctor charges for ONE dose.
this just plain didn't work. didn't spin, didn't clean.
well worth it.
wife loves it
One side has floral covering not shown in photo. China Post shipping was S-L—O——W.
I've been wearing contact lenses since 1973.  This product works better than anything I've ever tried, particularly when your lenses are grimy from pollution and irritants.  The generics are fine, but the Alcon brand is really the best.
Too hot - despite what ad says - burned eye lids - did not curl or straighten lashes
Because I cannot take such large capsules, I have to open them up and mix with juice. This tastes pretty good compared to most. So far so good!
I bought the white color since it's the cheapest.The masks are soft and comfortable.  They fit my wife's face much better than all the other masks she tried (the other masks were always a little larger for her).The only reservation I have is these masks only have 2 plies.  But then, given how cheap the white ones are, I can always double up.
Fine and easy to use.
I absolutely love this product. The smell is so nice and I like the fact that it’s all natural oils and no harmful chemicals. Will be purchasing again soon.
It works. It was fun and informative to see which waters were alkaline
Love it!  Can't get enough licorice!
I love this product.
I use this in banana and almond milk smoothies.  It adds a nice color.  The taste isn’t overpowering but if you don’t like beets, you probably won’t like this.  The packaging is good, but on occasion I do find that the power gets stuck in the zip closures (if that happens I just transfer it all to a glass jar).
Product does what it is suppose to do, however, for some reason I kept thinking it was made from silicon. Not a huge deal, just though that.
We used these for our wedding, cute little bags, there were a few broken but for the price not bad.
I have a significant problem with arthritis (thanks Mom!), and I needed a good sized heating pad for my knees. After mumtiple surgeries on my knees, shoulder, elbow, and thumb joints, I go through a lot of cold and heat product, and I’ve used this one every day for two months without a problem. Some of the electric heat pads I’ve purchased died within 90 days.I don’t rate products easily, and I save 5 Stars for truly outstanding purchaeee. This was a solid 4.
I love this sunblock, we used it for 4 hours atin the lake.  No sunburn on my 5 year old or I.  I usually use organic expensive sunscreens for him but I forgot them and this is all I had.  It worked great!
Lid piece was cracked the first time we used it. Returning. Maybe we got a dud- but lid appears to be cheaply made.
I wish I liked the taste better. They are tolerable  and I am not sure how well they work as I have only been taking them a short time
Did work for me. I cannot wear backpacks because they hurt my shoulders and this was like wearing a backpack. Very uncomfortable for me.
I couldn't get this device to stay put in the toe box of my shoe once it was inserted and expanded,  and so it was  not useful at all  Am returning it.  (Also,  after having read other reviews, which suggested this device may be too big for some shoes, I even ordered a size smaller than indicated by my shoe size. Even so, it was impossible to jam it all the way into the toe box, and then when it was expanded, it slipped out even farther.)It's a design flaw.  If it had an adjustable wood block on the other end of the threaded bolt, that could be used as an abutment against the back of the shoe and it would keep the device in place. With that design change,  I think this device would work well. But as it's currently designed, I found it useless.
Works great, seems sturdy, love the bristle cover.
It does what it says!  Good cleaning action and rinses well.
I love this thing I sleep on it every night!!
The pads on this are stiff where they don't form around my neck as it should.Have to pull the handles to get enough pressure on what it can press upon.Massaging on what I can feel are okay.
I didn’t like these. The top band hit in the wrong place on my lower leg which made these incredibly uncomfortable. I purchased a medium and wear a size 7.58. I think the chart was accurate with the size recommendation. Also, these aren’t a good long term sock. They’re not going to hold up well if you wear them daily and wash them often. These are prone to snagging and tearing. I bought to wear in bed while I sleep so I wasn’t hard on my pair at all.
All right, these are rather pricey for only 14 days worth of probiotics, hence the not perfect review. But then again, you should only need them when you have some sort of stomach upsettake antibioticsspecial circumstances. Overcoming a nasty case of bronchitis, I decided to give these a try when I came off the meds. They seemed to work, they're easy to swallow and they don't need to be put in the fridge (but keep from extreme heat).
Tried another brand once but find this is the very best on the market
This eye mask is great! The package comes ready to be given as a nice gift with the box and paper. The mask itself blocks out any and all light. The plush cushion provides enough room for you to be able to open your eyes even without being squished. The strap is what makes it for me, it’s adjustable and flush so it’s not being tangled up in your hair or pulling it out.
Great taste
Usable inexpensive readers that don't cost $24 like the ones at Wholefoods. Great value for 5 bucks.Update: My rating dropped by 2 stars due to the TRIPLING OF THE COST to $15 bucks in a year!
Pros:-it is Eco-friendly-100% cotton so it is easy to wash and soft on my skin.-Works well as a makeup remover.- It is easy to wash and reuse.Cons:Cannot think of any !!!
My favorite artificial sweetener since I found it in Hong Kong 35 years ago. Convenient and easy and 1200 tablets seem to last forever. Although it contains saccharin, no nasty bitter aftertaste.
This is a great shaver for woman.  Easy to use and waterproof for use in the shower.  Holds a charge well and recharges in just a couple hours.  Very easy to clean and no nicks or cuts.  Gives a very close shave, and no razor burn or bumps. Great for legs and armpits and any other areas you may need to shave.
This stuff is really great. I love how it makes my skin feel, it’s really silky soft and smells awesome. I would definitely gift these to friends and family.
Easy to use. Looks great. Very accurate.
Worked great keeping mosquitoes away
helping someone who is unable to get the drops in her eye without the dropper touching her eye.  This works fantastic with the single dose dropper and she was able to administer the drops herself.  It worked so well I ordered a second one for myself.
My girlfriend loves this
This make up brush is so dissappointing. Good quality makeup brushes are not hard to find, but the kind that retract seem to be few and far between. I was so glad to find this little brush, because I travel a lot and have trouble keeping my make up brushes clean.As soon as I opened the package, the lids fell off! They are so loose that it is no use even trying to use these brushes for their intended purpose. I tried crimping the lids a little so they would grip, but it was no use. They simply do NOT fit well, won't stay on and that is all there is to it. This is not a fluke, because I also ordered the retractable blush brush (made by the same company), and it has the same problem.The actual brushes are not my favorite, and this little eye shadow brush has made it's way to the bottom of my make up drawer, to languish for a respectable amount of time till I decide to face that I will never use this.  Even if I liked the brush, no matter how good the brushes are, if the lids don't stay on the whole purpose of a retractable brush is defeated.Another weird thing is that the seller was supposed to be a company called BOOKS FROM BOULDER. The package came from TARGET! I could have just driven to my neighborhood Target store and bought these without paying the shipping. Very strange.
This would be adorable for a baby's room.  My living room, not so much.  Going to save it foe the next baby shower.
It looks nice. Thinner than I expected. I like the option of using kg instead of lb.
This is smaller than I expected but works nicely. It did have some weird discoloration on them but didn’t seem to cause any alarms.
I really like these bars!  They are balanced well and low in calories. I can keep one in my purchase and if I can't eat a meal this works as a replacement.
I bought these for my nieces & nephews to have fun with since I enjoyed them in the 70's.  The kids love them!
Me and my bf were curious what our blood types were so I order two. They’re a really good price imo. I’m a baby with needles but the one used in the kit isn’t bad. Just a quick prick and you have your results right away. After we got our results we’ve been making sure to donate blood as much as possible. Good kit for
These are really well put together. They have three individual pockets inside and hold a standard capsule.
I've been using collagen powder for a few months now, and have noticed some real changes. The biggest being with my digestive system. I've suffered from stomach issues on a daily basis for years, due to colitis and adhesions. Collagen powder supplements are really doing wonders for my tummy, so that I don't have so much pain. They just seem to make things so healthy in there.This Colageno Hidrolizado En Polvo Peptides Collagen powder mixes very easily into my coffee and my overnight oats. I cannot taste it at all in either one. And, it doesn't have or leave a nasty powder or grainy texture in the last half of my coffee. I can't even tell it's in there.This collagen powder comes in an XL large plastic container that is barely half filled with this wonderful supplement. It is such a waste to have to throw out SO much more plastic than necessary. Otherwise, this is great stuff at a great price! I would definitely recommend it.
not so satisfied with the flavor, although the ingredients are really good
I used this for a Tiffany bridal shower. The paper was perfect color and quality of paper. Highly recommend
Loved the balloons, but the tassel banner was horrible. While trying to put it together, it kept tearing and breaking. Really upsetting. Just purchase a banner already put together. I didn't realize that it wasn't already in one piece. Horrible quality.
To be used sparingly
I always have difficulty keeping heels from slipping when I walk.  These are the best product I have found, my high heels stay on great.
I had tried  bath bombs, which are the same as these but in a smaller size. Unfortunately, this large size performs slightly differently as I'll describe below.There are 3 super large individually wrapped bath bombs in this set. All are large clouds with a smiley face on the package covering.Each one is strongly fragrant when dry and lightly fragrant when in the bath. They also all have the same scent. The ingredients are sodium bicarbonate, citric acid, magnesium sulfate, water, cyclodextrin, PEG400, hydrogenated jojoba oil, hydrogenated grapeseed oil, butyrospermum parkii (shea butter) oil, natural essential oil, fragrance, and FDA approved colorants.These are very, very large and fun. They perform well, produce a lovely rainbow of suds, and dissolve in about 10-15 minutes. The fragrance is subtle in the bath. However, there is one difference in the results (read on).Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I use them in a foot bath. When I was done, the color did not adhere to my foot bath but it turned both my feet pink and  my drying towel. Note that the smaller bombs did not do this even though they are the same. Perhaps it is the extra profusion of color in such a large size. This is the only reason I rated this 4 instead of 5 stars.The current cost of $ 19.99 for 3 bombs comes to a very expensive $6.66 per bomb. However, these are certainly way different from typical bath bombs. I like these very much but would have loved them if it did not color my feet and towels. Note that the color does wash off the towels in the laundry and in the shower for my feet.
When I read the review that said she was having trouble sleeping due to her psoriasis, I thought, this is something I have to try. I can't sleep either, but it's because of allergies, and my skin feels like it's on fire.I tried it as soon as the package arrived. Oh, baby, where have you been all my life? It's so cooling, which would have been enough, but it also leaves my face feeling baby smooth (at my age, that's a BIG plus). I just used a little bit, and it's made a huge difference.I believe I'll be using this cream for a very long time. Thanks!
Makes nails smooth without the use of a dile.
I have placed two orders of these roller bottles and love them.  They are wonderful and have been a lifesaver for me when I wake with cramps or aches in the middle of the night.  I also take two with me when I leave the house.
Its sadly not that good! ISO100 Fruity Pebble for some reason tastes miles ahead of this product, why? It sweet but not in a great way and is just disappointing but its easy to drink the rest of it since I spent the money on it.
Product is cheap and don't trust fake reviews.  Worked twice before electronics gave out..  complete waste of money and manufacturer doesnt stand behind products
Easy to read and reference for lab values and all sorts of tidbits.  Convenient
I have been using this to make my own vape juice and my other half likes it better than the store bought version.
Love this Heating pad, very nice size
Great brush especially for travel.  Fits with the dry oil tin.
Awesome & cheaper than almost all other & just as good!
Could not work without them. Can read for pleasure w ease.
We purchased these for use in hotels as we travel alot!  These have been fantastic at taking that unknown as well as the known orders from hotel rooms.  Not to mention just deleting cooking smells when we have a room that has a kitchen, but no windows that open or fans.  Even fish!
We use this in a 10 x 12 bedroom that once had fire damage from a chimney fire. Even after killz paint,new hardwood, new fixtures, central air running, we could still smell it a little in one corner of the room. We recently had a baby and the newborn being in the room with us made me finally try this,  and it worked! At first I was a little uneasy about having something plugged in and running 247, but it only works well if running at all times.  It does put off a little bit of light and it sounds like a small fan.  So it's not super quiet, but the white noise is good for the baby anyway so I enjoy it. Overall I'm very very happy with this!
Not good will not hole
My skin is soft and my ancestors are pleased. Great bath sponge, not rough against my skin but still very exfoliating. Highly recommend.
This is the only tool I've ever found that removes the water ring in our toilets.  Works beautifully.  We also have water rings around our kitchen sink drain and it takes it off immediately.
This is a very nice version of the auto roller. Delivered on time, works like a charm. I might go as far as to say this is the nicest one Ive ever had or used.
Great I will purchase again.
really love it ! Using it makes my face better and better. I use it everyday.
Best price I could find and arrived earlier than expected.
I was trying to get the hard water stains off my shower door. I'd say the product helped, but did not get rid of the spots. Will try again. Maybe it needs more  frequent applications.
as adverised
My husband and I just got this model after trying a different brand that only allowed us 2 hours of heat. I was worried that I wouldn’t be happy with the size because the other one was larger, but this one is plenty big. We both like using it to keep our feet warm, and it certainly does that. Plus, I’m not waking up every few hours to turn it back on! I love how quickly it heats up and it’s also very soft. We think we’re going to forget the heated mattress pad this winter, and just go with this.
My Aria scale has worked great for over a year. Easy to use daily. I just wish it wasn't such a pain to reset it and reconnect to the new network when I changed the network name. Ultimately works great though.
It's funny because my whole life I have never had cracked or dry feet and I always went barefoot, but for like the last 5 years or so I have tried to always wear something on my feet when I go outside and now my feet are always dry and cracking. Sometimes it is pretty bad and very painful. This foot file just took seconds to use, it does not hurt at all and my feet were alot smoother and softer  when I got done. I really like that this can be used wet or dry. It is very light weight and super easy to use. The buffer is made from a natural ceramic and the handle is a beech wood handle that is very smooth. It does have a hole on the handle and it has a piece of twine so you can hang it when not in use. It is very comfortable to hold while using it on your feet.
It's shorter than I am comfortable with. Also it does not screw into the bottle so a little unnerving to squeeze it for fear of having the thing pop off into the mess.
They are cheap and durable. They will serve you well for long time. They are not very sharp compares to more professional sets. However, they will do the job as good as many sets in the market.
I noticed that they must have changed the ingredients in The Works. It does not clean off rust build up as easily as it did years ago. You have to scrub quite aggressively to get the buildup off now.
This tastes pretty good, although it does have a bit of that protein flavor. It mixed in well, although the directions say to mix in two whole scoops.All in all, it's pretty decent for the price.
