Great product for the price. Works great.
Tonight, I will be using it again before I go to bed. The very first time I used it, I could hear my neck crack-a-lackin. I have such bad neck issues that I get bad headaches and dizziness. I am hoping this solves both issues. Otherwise, I will need to go to the doctor on the dizziness issue.
These are a GREAT option if you're a Paleo fan and trying to eat only whole and natural foods. Are they like a candy bar like most &#34;healthy&#34; protein bars-no, definitely not and this wouldn't be for you. I find the flavor good, they satisfy my hunger for a few hours, and they are great to have on hand for when you need a high protein snack and need something quick. As they suggest, you really should put them in the microwave for 10 secs before eating. That makes all the difference. They are a bit greasy when you first open the package which is a little odd to me but I just overlook it and dig in. The texture is pretty hard unless you heat them up a bit. The chocolate was my favorite but all 3 flavors are good. The mint is pretty minty so if you're not a fan you likely won't enjoy it.
Been using these for all three of my kids for months now. Definitely recommend, great product and super fast shipping.
Great scale, but must be on a hard floor.
Love this product. Mixes easily and taste great  Metabogreens is powerpacked with fruits,veggies, spices,herbs and gives me the energy I Thought I'd lost!!Thanks BioTRUST.
Great product and quality. Purchased as gift- they loved them. Love the colored tips.
These JSPA Non Binding Socks are very soft and have no rough seams. I have a Neurovascular problem that causes pain and swelling in my feet and legs. Wearing regular socks often makes my feet hot causing the issue to worsen. They are nice and thick and feel very cushy, but don't make my feet sweat. I've found that bamboo is much kinder and more breathable than cotton. These socks don't cause indentations on my legs and feet after wearing them and being on my feet for several hours. They are well made, good quality socks, and are as they claim. I would definitely recommend them.
Normally, I dislike anything that has a strong odor, whether it be detergent, fabric softener, or dryer sheets.  But these have a different sort of fragrance to them which isn't all that offensive, and they've left my clothing with a fragrance that isn't strong.  I would buy these again.
Oil of oregano is a very potent anti-viral and anti-bacterial.  I've got oregano oil in a liquid (bottle) and in softgels.  I can't tolerate the liquid unless it's diluted because it's so hot.  These little tubes of oregano oil are convenient and taste good, but you only get 50mg of oregano oil per tube.  One softgel of oregano oil usually delivers about 150mg.  If you don't want that much then these tubes are good alternative.  I found that though they taste good, getting all the oil out of the tube was impossible.  There's always an amount left in the bottom.
Wish they had something like this years ago when our dog had spine problems.  Spent a lot of money taking her in for red light therapy sessions back then.I saw this therapy belt and had to get it.  I know what red light therapy does and how much it helps the body repair itself or increase circulation.This therapy belt is so easy to use.  Comes with velcro strips so I can have it on my belly, around my shoulder, or on my back.  Longer velcro strip for larger areas.  Smaller strip for going around elbows, knees or ankles.I like that it has an automatic 20 minute shut down timer.  This way I know I'm getting the maximum benefit from this therapy belt but not over doing it.  It is comfortable to have on so it's easy to forget I do have it on and running.I'm doing this twice a day as recommended.  I want to see if this will help with my lower back pain.  I know it'll take some time for me to notice any changes in my pain level.This is so great to have!  And to be able to use it on my dogs too.  What a bonus that is.I've seen, first hand, how much red light therapy can help both humans and dogs.  And I'm excited to keep trying this and to always have it on hand to use after surgeries too for faster healing.
I can't say enough good things about this product, I've never been able to stick to a workout routine this long, Not only do you feel hydrated before your workout, but it helps with stamina and performance.  It is cheaper on the Beachbody website, but if you have Amazon Prime it's exactly the same price with Beachbody's shipping cost, plus you get it in two days with prime, so I chose to order it here.
My only complaint is these don’t scrub off hard dried foods of wipe tables and counters but other than that these are great
The item was used one time and then it stopped working.  It would not turn on, so in the trash it went!
The adhesion of the pads is very strong and will have to be removed using water if its too strong.  The smell is not offensive.  Will make nice gifts as well.
I don’t recommend this product at all.
This is an excellent product. One hundred percent non-irritating to the skin. Cleans and rinses off thoroughly. Very gentle and mild. However, it is too expensive.
Easy to use and can also serve as a back scratcher!
that the wipes are thick and not thin.
cute for girls who loves playing saxophones
Good Product!
I use fix tape often and this brand is not the best.  It does not have a great adhesive.  I perfer Anchor brand.
Gave it a 3 because I haven't tried it yet.  Gave it a three because the blue ring around the middle was plastic whenI thought it would be soft and flexible product.  Believe I will enjoy it though but I only use it on trips; which I havebeen taking lately.
the frames are heavier than expected, the nose pieces dig into the sides of my, can only where for a short amount of time
Yes it's a little pricey, but it smells great.  I think it cleans well and I love that there is also stain spray and sticks as well as softener!
I have a dog and live in an area with high pollen - I've had these for 3 years and replaced the bulbs periodically. In my house my allergies are not an issue. I have 3 of these in the areas of the house that are most occupied - living room and bedrooms - The noise doesn't stop me from sleeping - it's white noise - I knew there was an issue when one of them started making louder noises. I replaced the bulb and the noise was gone. These IMO are effective - I also have one at work. I brought these from my town home that had smaller rooms - I'm now in a house with bigger rooms - still seems to work well. My mother bought these to reduce the smell of perm in her shop. It minimizes it.
These wipes are barely suitable for use. They are tiny and dry. They barely remove dirt. I guess you get what you pay for.
It seemed to work pretty well for the first year. The batteries had to be replaced after 1 year, give or take a few days, so I was happy about that. But one very disconcerting thing I noticed was that it would give me a different weight when it was moved to different areas of the floor, which I then knew I wouldn't buy it again. But then I started to notice inconsistencies between what my scale said and what my doctor's office scale and even what my sister's bathroom scale weighed me. I also used it to monitor the weight of a 13 yr old cat, which is even more important to me than keeping track of my own weight. Now after less than only 2 years and it's stopped working altogether, which is completely unacceptable.
I'll first begin by saying that probably a good thing I didn't like this product, therefore it didn't end up using it. I say this because, I would have ended up scarring the heck out of my face had I used it even once.Here's what I did like about this product:***The case, the case was truly beautiful. It was as if it were from I don't know the 40s or the 50s when they used to make things really well. And a truly was beautiful.***The price point, for around $8 I thought that there was a lot within the set as far as various implements. So therefore I thought insofar as money wise you got good bang for your buck as a consumer.Here is what I did not like about this set:***Extraordinarily, extremely, and exceptionally dangerous. When I'm telling you these things are surgically Sharp.. I'm telling you these tools are surgically Sharp.  You could so easily hurt yourself and certainly scar your skin using any of these tools and I would not recommend it for the removal of blackheads or relief of pimples.  No one, perhaps not even a trained professional could wield these tools in the safe manner.***Lastly, one of the implements that I managed to pull out of course I stabbed myself in the process but that's beside the point the head of this tool fell off immediately when I pulled it out. I looked everywhere on the floor for it couldn't find out where fell to this day haven't found it cuz I thought to myself maybe I'd glue it back. But even still, a brand new item should not be falling off like that regardless if if you're easily able to glue it back on or not. So that's why I say that it has the illusion of being high quality but the reality it really wasn't the highest quality product.I suppose because of the beauty of it, it could be a gift.  But I'm telling you that it is so dangerous that I wouldn't recommend it to anybody and I certainly wouldn't buy it again.
product does a pretty good job and they are much cheaper than custom. Haven't found the perfect product but this one is better than most.
This is a great little straightener if you understand that it is not intended to be your everyday straightener. I bought it for camping. I charged it in Texas, and I used it 7 days later in a Colorado national park. It still had a full charge, but after using it for 15 minutes it was at 50% charge. It says it heats up to 205C, but it definitely does not get that hot. I have fine, straight hair already and this does the job for me, but it will take at least twice the time as my regular Babyliss. I think someone with coarse, curly, or super long hair would be frustrated. The plates are only two inches long. I also plan to put it in my car for those times I want to freshen my hair after work or after working out. It comes with a USB charging cord so I can charge it in my car. Overall it is a very good purchase if you use it for traveling or small touch ups.
really helpful
This is a great natural product to help boost immunity. I was constantly getting sick and needing bout after bout of antibiotics when a friend recommended Immuplex to me. I admit that it took several months before I noticed a real difference, but once it kicked in, it works like nothing else. I rarely get sick, and if I do, I'm able to get over it much faster than before. Give it a try, be patient, and it will work!
Have you ever tried to get a tiny screw put back into your glasses only to find you can't?  Don't have the right tools?  That was me when I tried to put a screw back into my mother's glasses.  This kit has the right tools that I needed.This kit appears to me to be a great variety of anything I may ever need to fix eyeglasses.  I have tried to show pics of the various pages that show the contents.This kit just might be a lifesaver in the future.  I am happy to have it.
Looks nice and works great on my metal door.
I like these types of facial cleansing devices.  I have 3 of them now and really like using them to exfoliate dead skin cells off my face.  This one is gentle works well.  I don't know how long it will hold a charge but my other two that are very similar hold a charge for a long time.  I don't use any electronic facial devices except for this one and I think it does a good job at gently loosening up dead skin cells.
The size is not 3.2 gallon. More like 2.4 gallon. Will not fit any of my 4 small bathroombedroom trash cans. The first bag tore in half when I tried to pull it off the roll. The second split down the side when I tried to put it in a small 3 gallon trash can. I will not buy them nor would I recommend them at any price.
Good solution and inexpensive
Very handy for getting to those areas old age makes it hard to reach.
No complaints about this turmeric powder. The aroma when opening the bag was very rich. The taste was also excellent, and not at all muted as some turmeric's I've used. I use this mainly with rice (or rice substitutes such as wheat berries, couscous, and the like) and both the taste and the strong yellow color make for a tasty dish.I like that, while it is priced similar to a bulk item, it comes in three fairly small (4 oz) bags. That allows for cost savings by buying in bulk, but the smaller packages help maintain the freshness until it's ready to be used.Fresh, tasty and a good value. Hit's all the right marks.
This eye mask is very comfortable, and unlike my previous mask, it genuinely blocks all of the light out. My other one is made of contoured foam like this one, but the inner padded design around the nose area is what makes the difference: that is what prevents light from peaking in from the middle of the mask. Great design, reasonable price.
This a great little pack of sanding blocks.  I also use this to sand cardstock for card making.  But do love them to buff and smooth nails before adding polish.
This product is really great and the price is excellent for the amount of mg per cap
I took off one star due to the cotton wrapping around each earplug. It was very hard to get off, it took a while for just one.  I just found out why:  It was very HOT yesterday, I opened one this morning only 70 in here now and the cotton came right off. I added a star back on to 5.  The cotton is not a problem.  I think the reason noted in packaging for the cotton was not to use plastic? More earth friendly? However, there was no need to wrap these in anything.  I use Macks, they come open in a row, they are a different material, but same could have been done with these.  I finally unwrapped one and it fit and molded into my ear nicely.
Super thick layers that really don't lie flat against your face. Found this mask to be fairly uncomfortable and always choose another over it.
Love these little drops.  the taste is delightful and they work when I have occasional "gas".
Oh gosh, oh gee, oh my.....my sister was just saying they got her husband a foot massager at one of the membership club stores and that they felt it was a waste of money. This one isn't! Even though I got it at a discount in exchange for a fair, unbiased, honest review, I am amazed by this!  I have never had a foot massage like this.  It has a bunch of functions. Air pressure makes the massage harder or milder (start out low) and there is also a function that gives you the option of high and low levels of heat.  There is also a kneading massage and a shiatsu massage as well as an air pressure massage. And yes, there is a major difference with the shiatsu massage hitting all sorts of areas between and around the areas that the kneading massage hits. There is a timer and an auto function that cycles through other functions, but that does not seem to include the shiatsu massage. This is really, really pink.  It is also very high tech with glowing lights at the front. The first thing I actually noted was how heavy it is. The handle in the top of the box is really helpful! The drawing says the covers in the foot areas are detachable, but I didn't see how to detach them, so suggestions would be welcome...I don't want to wreck my new toy!  Or maybe it will be in another review?  I've had it turned off for 10 minutes now and can still feel a difference in my feet and lower legs.
My grandmother used to buy these and they really work and don’t smell like the thing you’re trying to cover up and food like most other sprays do.  I don’t want to smell something yummy and bathroom smells mixed together it’s disturbing. That’s why I like this stuff it does a good job of masking the smell and not being gross. I have yet to get tired of it either.  Not sickly sweet or too floral. It is a strong smell but not overpowering.  Very well balanced.
This stuff actually works. I use it to spray my gym sneakers and it neutralizes the scent. It has very little scent itself, too.
I love music. And as one of my favorite music professors always says, live music is always better than dead music.Just in the past year and a half, I've really started getting into the live concert scene. Let me rephrase that, I've started getting into the live rock concert scene. I've always been a frequent attendee of wind ensemble and orchestra concerts.I've also always have had a mild case of tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. This ringing is evidence of hearing damage, and it irreversible.Needless to say, going to rock concerts without hearing protection left me with a few nights of extra-ringing ears, and almost certainly hearing damage as well.More recently, I've actually been experiencing perforations of my ear drum and even just this year a full burst. Because of all of this, I decided to get my hands on a pair of ear plugs.The problem for me is that I can't just wear any old foam earplugs. I'm a bit of an audiophile, and those regular earplugs just make everything sound muffled, which for me defeats a lot of the purpose of going to a live show in the first place.That's where the downbeats come in. They are a special type of ear plug that lets most of the sound profile in, but cuts the volume to a safe level (they advertise 18dB noise reduction).Spoiler alert: they really do work as advertised. I wore them at a five hour metalcore concert this past weekend and I'm happy to report that I didn't have ringing ears after the show. I also was able to hear all of the frequencies, just quieter. I could still feel the music, and it wasn't *quiet* by any means, but it was not a damaging loudness.One thing to note is that unfortunately, these earplugs cut out conversation almost completely at a concert event. Conversations are hard at a concert event generally, because of all the noise, but these made it noticably harder to hear. I found myself removing one plug if I wanted to talk to my friends.Related to conversation, these earplugs tend to make you talk even quiter than normal. Because of how they sit in your ear canal, you end up hearing your voice pretty loud in your head, so you talk quiter to other people with them in. It's really a minor inconvenience, though, considering that these save your hearing. Again, you can just remove one when you feel the need to talk, and that solves the problem.The downbeats fit pretty comfortably, which is to say that I could wear them for the whole five hours of the show. To me, they feel like in-ear headphones. You definitely notice a pressure in the ear canal, but it's not terribly unpleasant. That means a lot from me, because I *despise* in ear headphones, because I find them incredibly uncomfortable.Luckily, even though these earplugs sit very similar in the ear to in-ear headphones, they stay in much better. One of my biggest fears in getting fancy earplugs was that they would fall out while I danced, jumped, headbanged, and otherwise moshed at the show. I am happy to report that these earplugs stayed in very well, and I never once had a problem with them slipping out or feeling loose. These are earplugs that I would recommend for metal, hardcore, rock, punk, etc shows.The downbeats also don't stick out from the ear very far, which is nice because you don't have to worry about catching a bump from the crowd and shoving the earplug too deep into the ear, damaging the ear drum (rock shows get intense). This also means that the downbeats are pretty inconspicuous, so you don't have to worry about everyone in the crowd knowing you're wearing earplugs.I didn't have any problems removing the downbeats from my ears after the show, although I have read reviews that said people did have some trouble with this. The included carrying case is also a really convenient storage system for when you take the plugs out, which is always a bonus. It's made of metal, and could definitely take a beating, although I didn't subject it to one.Overall, these are highly recommended by me. I liked everything about the product, and I look forward to taking them to more shows in the future. But even if you choose not to get this product, or if it doesn't work for you, wear earplugs to concerts, people.
THIS IS THE BEST STAIN REMOVER EVER!!!!!!
Does the job, removes the lint
When your Physical Therapist only gives you one “sleeve” per week, this product is well worth the money so you can change your sleeve whenever you want to. You can also snip a MUCH smaller hole for your thumb so it stays on and lasts longer.  After surgery on each thumb, I needed to be in a brace for several months; I love that I can make them the length I want.  You CAN wash them, but they come out all raveled…just cut yourself a new sleeve.
Perfect fit with my Okley Radar. The rubber is a bit less soft than Okley’s original but it works perfectly!!! Very happy!!! 10 years after buying my Okleys, is like having bought a new one!!
I have used styling products my whole life but only started using a flat iron a few years ago.  I like that one and yet thought there might be something better, especially since I've been using the flat iron for both straightening and light waves of late.I love the sleek, all black look of this iron.  It's a little smallerslimmer than my old one, and it has a nice long swivel cord.  It heats up super-quickly as promised, and the auto shutoff is a nice feature.  Unfortunately, the coloring of the temperature display makes it very difficult to read the numbers, especially as I am getting ready in the morning without my reading glasses.  (Note: you will have to press both the power button and the temp button at the same time to switch the temperature reading from C to F.)For straightening my hair, I found that the iron generally performed well.  I didn't really see any different between the floating plates of this iron and my old iron, but still, the iron worked well for my fine hair.  I had more trouble using this iron to create waves.  The sleek black case is aesthetically pleasing but has no real tractiongrip, making it hard to twirl the iron for curling.  Although there are small grips at the end of the iron, these aren't tapered and don't work well at all.  Adding to the challenge is that the plates go all the way to the end, so when gripping the tips and trying to turn the iron, I burned myself several times.If you plan to use this iron for straightening only, it may work for you, but if you are looking for a more versatile styling product, I would not recommend this iron.
Great bottles perfect for making recipes to use for the whole family. The dark color helps to ensure those oils sensitive to direct light are protected. Roller heads snap in and work great!
Came DOA. Currently talking to them on a replacement.
good item
Used to line up my undercut.  Works like a dream.  It cuts close and does not bite the skin.  I also use on my brothers hair and he wants to steal it.  nope get your own
I have loved this for years, but the stores quit carrying it.They also changed the wrapper from black to white, so I did not recognize it when it was around.It's fat free and quite delicious, not like any other I have tried.I came here looking for this, because it really is my favorite, and was thrilled to be able to stock up. The six bottles arrived quickly and were carefully packed and double-boxed.
This product smells wonderful. Oddly, as you can see, the label claims it to be unscented, and the listing claims it to be scented. I believe it might be mislabeled, but it doesn't matter because this product is very good. You spritz it on to the stain and work it into the fabric. After letting it sit for a couple of minutes, run water through the fabric or blot with a wet cloth.I found that with most stains I had to do that twice, but on the good side it's clear that this is safe for a lot of hand washables, as long as you are gentle and don't rub the stain too hard.I've had those big commercial brands of stain removers make things worse by fading the area that you spray them in. That was not the case with this product. It might not be as effective, but it's not going to damage your clothes. If you have something delicate andor your clothes are a huge investment, invest in this product as well.Another plus is that the 2 oz spray is good for travel.So, this might be a product that you need, or another one might be best for you. Hopefully this review has helped you to decide.
My father has macular degeneration. This vitamin doesn't seem to help that much, but then this supplement is meant as a preventive measure and is less effective once you have a deteriorating condition. Given that most of us are on our computer screens or cell phones for more than 10 hours a day, I notice that I have more floaters when I don't take this vitamin. It's easy to swallow and best taken with food. Over the long term I don't know how effective it is, but taking lutein for your eyes certainly can't hurt. And I'm glad it works on my floaters!
3.5 Gallon White Bucket & Lid - Durable 90 Mil All Purpose Pail - Food Grade - Contains No BPA Plastic (Pack of 1). Needed one for around the house. It is nice and sturdy. Not to big nor to small for general use.
I do not see the point of these brush straighteners. They do not do the job like a proper flat one.
Used it daily for a month and saw no results. I would add that this is oil so it makes your face look weird, oily. I wouldn't bother with it.
This will fit large heads. I have a 23.75" head, and this has plenty of stretch and adjustability. It can easily go larger than my head measurements.The soft foam cups are comfortable. The exact fit will vary. I find they block out all the light, and unless I am resting my head in such a way to push on them, there is very little light that will sneak through. I'm a side sleeper.The soft foam cups allow the eyes to breathe, lashes don't get smashed. Eye creams likely stay in place.Although stretchy and adjustable, it is hard for me to find that sweet spot where it isn't too snug that it creates creases come morning, nor too loose that it doesn't fall off, migrate away from my eyes. I found the snug fit worked better as it kept the mask from rotating in the night (and off my eyes), BUT I wake with indents. I can't have that.Other aspect that has troubled me is that sometimes it gets caught in my hair. The spot that has the adjustment hardware is prone to snagging my hair.SO, I go back to my old trust stand by which is a tube of material. It looks like a headband, and it continues to be my most favorite sleep mask of all time. If it rotates, it doesn't matter because it is a tube so I am always covered,  I have been using nightly since I got it 6 months ago.www.amazon.comdpB07RJQGV61This one by Cyraneme is a close second, though. Comfort, quality, adjustability, and the fact that it can actually fit large heads are all positives in my opinion. The rotation and the indents (and hair snag) is variable. Depends on if I can find that sweet spot for fit. I definitely have tried other sleep masks that I never used ever again. This I will use. It is still at my bed side.
I'm a small guy at 165lbs, so it took some breaking in for this cushion to finally give my hamstrings some relief...but now, I can't drive without it. If you're a truck driver and you're looking for a cushion, this is the one you want to get as all others WON'T cover the dimensions of the factory truck seat.
I wear these overnight with some foot cream and they do an amazing job of softening rough heels.
I recently had gum surgery, so having the opportunity to test this toothpaste came at the right time. This toothpaste has a very nice refreshing taste, and cleans the teeth. It is kind of a yellowish color gel.  It tastes fresh, but is mild so it doesn’t burn or sting the gums as some toothpastes do.  It is the perfect tooth product to use after dental surgery, but it is really a pleasant toothpaste to use especially if you have sensitive gums.  Highly recommend.
No gimmicks. These straps keep my sunglasses on my face while I run, and are easy to install (just slide them onto the end of the earpieces on your glasses).I had issues with my sunglasses sliding down my nose as I ran, and having to constantly push them back up. Using these straps, my sunglasses stay and place, and I completely forget I’m even wearing glasses.Great buy!
I really only needed the Buffer Block, but this kit was so cheap, I ordered this instead. You get alot for the price. Very pleased. Was packaged nicely too!
This product is just as described. It is well packaged and the instructions are very easy and helpful. You can sit on the toilet and pee on it or just place the pee in a cup. I compared it to my easy at home tests and the results are the same. I will be getting more in the future.Update: I did a comparison with other brands and all were accurate.
Soak loofah in warm water; with scissors, snip loofah like carpet and bury beneath aquarium gravel or planter. Burrowing roots will anchor to loofah. It's an affordable alternative to lava rock or driftwood.
Did not give me near the relief for my severe RA in my hands that I expected.  My situation may just be too severe..nice fragrance & went on nicely
I love the shimmering iridescent look of these small ziploc pouches. They are great for storing earrings, Barbie shoes, little knickknacks, etc., and keeping them organized. Because they are "smell proof" you can even use them to store spices or tea leaves. They are definitely good for flea market sellers who need small pouches for their wares. They are pretty in their own right. Overall I'm pleased with the quality of these versatile pouches.
Please don’t waste your money on this it doesn’t work
I honestly cannot say I have really used it to vouch that it’s sturdy on any actual use but I can say that when I received it I “inspected” it thoroughly and I found it to be very sturdy. The snap on the outside of the case snaps very securely & doesn’t pop open wthe slightest touch. The size is perfect especially for a 4 compartment sleeve, I’ve always found that either the individual compartments are really small or REALLY big! If I’m gonna be out for the day I will take the sleeve for that day in my bag & bc of the bright colors I don’t have to rummage through my bag to find it (impressive bc my bag is always full of a bunch of junk) I also have times where I will be gone for several days so I will take the whole case & it fits in my bag wno problem (even wall of my junk in it)So I’m really happy wit for 2 reasons #1- the BRIGHT colors have made my life so much easier to find wout having to take everything out of my bag!#2- I really like the fact that there is an outer case that snaps securely so I don’t worry about dropping it & all the individual sleeves popping open & then have to spend 15 minutes on trying to find every single pill which usually involves moving all of my furniture bc my floor is hardwood so I don’t even have carpet to help it stay relatively in the same area where I dropped them.
I had read that lavender was a natural deterrent to moths. We had been experiencing a moth problem in our older condo we had just moved into. It seems to be working and we love the fragrance of lavender. This product is far more preferable to mothballs!
I don't know why they would make a brush so soft. It's very cute but useless.
I wish I had started wearing ear protection to raves sooner! These are great, discreet, and comfortable. They block out the crappy noise and I can hear.my boyfriend talk without him having to scream in my ear. The first time I was the only one wearing them, I could hear him but he couldn't hear me. I let him try them and he was impressed. We bought him his own pair.
I have insanely high arches and size 14 feet. The size was great. The arch was as high as I was reasonably expecting, which should be fine for most people that just want some support. Really look for a shoe with support as a long-term solution, but these are good for short term.
Does not fit well under airline seat
The finger tops are a bit sharp.
The Arlo cameras I purchased about 3 years ago are notorious for consuming battery life. I've purchased many different brands of batteries since becoming an owner of Arlo cameras and the Energizer CR123A have had the absolute worst performance. In a pack of 50, not one set lasted more than 6 days (range 3-6 days). Compare this to disposable Tenergy batteries which consistently lasted an average of 2.5 months and Titanium batteries which lasted an average of 7 weeks. I've also purchased a number of brands of rechargeable batteries which last anywhere from 4 days to 2 weeks before requiring a recharge. This may have been just this particular package, but I'm unlikely to try Energizer again.
I used this for like an hour today alone on different spots. it isnt too rough, or too slow (well the slowest speed it a tad slow so i went with medium speed) my neck and upper back feel so nice right now! it is pretty light weight so you can carry it around in your car, and it comes with a car adapter too which is neat. The heat, really is not warm at all, i can tell it is there, but only if i walk away and come back with it on, it didnt do much though. But, i really like this and will definitely be using it a TON.**update** please be careful how you use it, do not really lean on it too hard, i actually got bruised twice using it. i still use it because it does feel good, just have to be careful how i use it lol
As expected
I thought the flavor was going to be blah..actually it doesn't have a taste to me.
This might fit on your neck if you are a pencil neck like Adam Schiff. Otherwise it is way too small for the average joe. Didn’t even fit my wife.
My husband is having problems with swallowing larger pills - he does not have difficulty with gummies so these are working well.
This is pretty easy to use not that I've seen a big difference.
Actually works & long enough to cover my curvy figure too! Stays put, lightweight so I don’t get too hot either. Love it & will give as gifts too!
Very nice set.  Good smooth filing.
I took these on a vacation to Costa Rica rain forest and also to Alaska.  They are very convenient to use and worked!
Loved the bags and quick delivery, have already used them and given them to my friends
Does the Job.
Gf loves it.
These are pretty good pillboxes. The lids are really secure and they have a decent amount of space. They work great but there's one problem, once you put the pills in them the only way to get them back out is to completely dump the box upside down. I have skinny fingers and I still can't get them out and of course dumping it means that I drop pills more times than not. It's a design flaw for sure but the product still does a great job otherwise.
This is a nice blend of essential oils for aromatherapy in a roll-on tube. The directions say to apply a small amount to the temples and behind the ears, the inside or outside of the wrists, or just inhale deeply. I used this several times already and love the fragrance but dislike that the aroma wears off in less than 30 minutes.It is made in the USA; I am not sure where the ingredients are from. The ingredients are pure sweet orange, bergamot, lavender, and Cedarwood essential oil in a base of fractional coconut oil.The tube does not say this is vegan even though the Amazon site says that.If this lasted longer, I would have rated this 4 or 5 stars.
I  LIKE THIS BUT HANDLE NEEDS TO BE 4 INCHES  LONGER ...
I've been taking a CoQ10 supplement for the last several years mainly because it's very good for heart health.  These gelcaps are big, but not too hard to swallow and only one per day is the dosage.  I'm not a CoQ10 expert, but as far as I can tell these are good quality and I have no reservations in taking them.
Arrived quickly and they work.
I occasionally get migraines and they last all day and don't go away for anything. It's miserable and nothing I've tried makes it any better. I got this ice roller and it helps with the pain and throbbing so I can at least eat something and get on with my day. The rolling part comes off so you can put that in the freezer and leave the handle out. There's a notch on both sides of the circle that make it easy to pull off the handle and you don't scratch up the roller. It's easy enough to put it back on and get rolling.
It works!  Easy to apply, doesn't damage fabric.  Disposable is very convenient.
No complaints at all about this silicone scar sheets. The material is nicely durable, and peels off the backing without issue. It adheres very well. I use this on the back of my hand and it stays put for the whole day without a problem. Despite the good adhesion it is not painful to remove and it leaves no residue behind.The size is well suited to small areas so that you don't need to waste any in trimming. The cost per inch (or foot) is quite good since this comes in a 120 inch (10 foot) roll. It stores well -- the roll I received in January 2022 has an expiration date of September 2024.I'm not sure of the country of manufacture. It is distributed by a French company, but it doesn't specifically state where it is made.No complaints. It's a good quality silicone sheet that works well and is a good value price-wise. Five stars.
This set is WONDERFUL!The back scrubber, the facial scrubber, the body brush, the sponge. My goodness! Each shower is a spa experience that is definitely relaxing.Definitely happy with this, would get it again.
AWESOME protein powder. LOVE IT! This is one of the best whey products I have used ! The quality is excellent, it tastes fresh and clean. Mix very well in smoothies. I have tried many whey products and this is by far the best I have used. Great marketing job on packaging, customers like me don't care about pretty box but rather a good quality product. Thank you, so happy to have found TRUproteins, will be making it one of our house staple.
OMG these are the worse files ever. I have tried files from ebayamazonsallybeauty Walmart.. tried all the cheap ones. AND YEt these are the worse ones i have ever used. I hate it. Too bad you cant return it after using it..... its such horrible quality.
These are smaller than the usual cotton balls I've encounter at CVS or Bed Bath or Beyond. You need two for removing nail polish (that's what I use them primarily for). They're OK but because of their small size I'll be using them up faster since I'd need to double up. It says 200 but for practical uses it's more like you're getting 100. Otherwise they're OK for what they are.
Cured the stinky feet! Love this. Will buy again.
Great product use for my bunnys litter box
This is great that it has so many different shaped wells for meds.  I think my pills were just too small, and over 50% of them ended up being crushed.  It will probably work perfectly on larger pills.
It's an expensive toothpaste. I was interested because I watched a videoblog of a red-headed american girl in japan saying what they've got that we don't . And one of the things was toothpaste like this. Because it fills in holes. Or something.Anyway, I use it, and I have no holes in my teeth since i started using it, 3 weeks ago.
The shampoo is very good. The lid is a bit shaky as I'm sure other reviews probably state but the shampoo is very good. It gets right into your scalp and works so well on all that annoying dandruff. My scalp is very dry and upset with pretty much any type of weather all year round. Currently it's mad at the sun and the end of summer weather. I used this and after three uses if felt and looked quite a bit better. I still have dandruff but it's an ongoing battle and this shampoo is really helping in the fight!I would recommend giving this a shot if you are having some issues. It does help. The lid is not the best made and it can leak a little but it's still worth it. Just be careful with the lid.
Cleans pontoon boat easily.
Hoping it solves the hard water problem
This product isn't for you if you don't like sweet potatoes. The bar is basically a sweet potato fruit bar. It's all of the nutrition you want from the real thing in a portable form. You can take these on hikes, throw them in a bag, or keep them on hand for emergency food. I'd definitely recommend this as an alternative to high sugar bars.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review.  I hope the information that I've provided helps make your decision a little easier.
These are light weight and easy to put on and take off. I wear them when I exercise and they do seem to help prevent my knee pain. I would recommend them for anyone experiencing knee discomfort. Hey it beats having to taking pills all the time.
Better than some I have had as far as strength, But the shape and size is not great for mens shoes. Needed to be a bit wider . I think that was my problem not the company's. Better for womens shoes.
bought this for the wife, one of several over the last year.  She loves it! Amazon has the best selection.
My work requires a lot of hand washing (and hand wringing!). But, I need an accurate watch not connected to my arm that I can check often. This is marvelous. The watch hangs from the lanyard when I need to measure time, or tucks into my shirt pocket when I do not. The watch is accurate, and seems rugged enough to last.
Nice small massager.  Sometimes it hits a little too hard for my tastes, but I just adjust my body and it works well.  I like the option to have heat or not.  It also has a stretchy strap that can be added to your chair.  I have mine wrapped around a sturdy pillow and put it behind me on the sofa.
TERRIBLE product. I've tried to use it several times--every time it's completely messed up my nails. The fingers are too long and bulky. Great idea--but don't bother if you have small hands.
I have ordered these supplements several times.  They always come quickly and are a very easily absorbed calcium with other trace minerals.
I have found these to be really great at taking advantage of all the health benefits of coconut oil. I am not a huge coconut oil fan taste wise, but these are just fine and I can take them no problem. I do find at three pills a time that it is a bit much to take especially with the pills being big. I noticed a little bit of an energy boost so far, but that's about it. I just really like that I can safety take it while breastfeeding and it can still help me lose the baby weight.
Works as expected
This is a small pack of lozenges with a lot of zinc, which is a proven ingredient for speeding one's recovery from flus and colds. The price is somewhat high for the amount you get, but it seems to work. Overall it's ok but I still prefer Airborne, which is a better value.
The picture of the product is completely misleading! This looks like a gold and orangish red and it is not! In actuality you are getting orange and a very dark red! I was going to use this for a tiger face palette because the white often can be a problem in the orange yellow and white palette. Don't know what I will use this for! I love the quality of the paints by this company so I will find a use for them!
I got this flavored sparkling water with the dragon fruit flavor. Before I drank it, it was nicely chilled. Sadly this did not help the overall experience. I know it has a lot of good for you ingredients, but sadly I couldn't stand this beverage at all!It says zero calories, zero sweetener, zero carbs, zero sugar, but sadly I have to say horrible flavor!To me this is a complete miss. I struggled drinking one can of this and now I have 11 more in my fridge. I wish this would have been better. Now I wish I would have gotten the variety pack to see if any of the other flavors would have been better but I didn't.
My husband has chronic dry eyes. He loves these wipes; says nothing he has used helps as much.
You use more elbow grease to get things clean then the actual product cleans. May as well use a lemon and salt for all the scrubbing that you have to do
Long and sturdy brush that’s Easy to clean. Works great and quality Looks long lasting.
Works really well! Was surprised at how easy they cut my nails
I purchased over 20 pairs of these  for my various shoes to reduce my plantar fasciitis pain. They never stick permanently but they work well for me. However, these arch supports look and feel nicer. I particularly love the heart-shaped design. I also tried similar arches , but now I am liking this better.There are two pairs in this package. It is perfect for a tall arch like mine and they feel very comfortable in my sneakers. They do have an adhesive backing, but I do not expect them to stick forever. So far they provide me with good support. I might purchase these in the future over my Dr. Scholl's or the other ones I just tried. They are all good to me.
As long as I have to use a cane, it might as well be pretty.  And this cane is pretty, as well as AFFORDABLE!  I love it!
I love Method products! We were always huge Tide fans, but I tried Method once and had to make the switch.  Great at getting out stains even if you forget to pretreat, and seems like it leaves clothes looking &#34;newer&#34;, less pilling of the fabric even when something is washed frequenyly.  Very nice, subtle fragrance.  Bottles take up almost no space on the shelf.  Easy to dispense.
Taste good, quite costly, but Dairy Free which I needed
Great support stockings, will buy again. Great price, fast ship.Thank you.
Great smell, but spray Button does not work.
They do a great job. I just wish they lasted longer.
This nose clip is useless.  It doesn't stay on.
Was hoping this would help with the pain in the ball of my foot, but it ended up hurting me more from the elastic around the pad. The pain from this overrode the pain in my foot and caused more pain for me. Very uncomfortable and will need to find something else. What a waste of money!
Perfect for sunburn, itchy or dry skin.
This is very small!  Now, I put this in my bedroom as I wanted to see if it would bother me at night and whether or not it would work to clean the air.  I do have sinus issues and for some reason, at night, my nose will clog up and then I'll get up, blow my nose, lay back down, breathe easy for a while, then clog up again.  I am assuming I have some dust or other allergen in the air that's bothering me.  After plugging this in and setting it where I wanted on the table next to my bed, the sound is very quiet and for several nights in a row, while using this air purifier, I did find that my nose didn't clog up nor did I have to get up to blow my nose during the night.  Does that mean this machine is working?  I would have to say yes since it is the only thing that changed in my room for those nights.  I will try it in the kitchen the next time I burn something and create some lingering smoke in the room.  I'm very curious to see if it works like their video shows.  Based on its use in my bedroom, I would say this air purifier works very well.
The other reviews about a medicinal, metallic smell were right, I should have listened.  I''m not a fan of this one.  Would NOT put in my drink.  It's okay for defusing.  Just doesn't smell right.
Purchased this chair from the buyer and after a few months, it began fading to now a  year later the chair has completely lost its color.  Upon further research and seeing other sellers offer warranties for the chair, I contacted this seller only to send a very rude email stating for me to " WASH CHAIR WITH SOAP AND WATER".  The chair is not worth what you are paying,  especially when other sellers offer warranties - please do yourself a favor and don't purchase this chair from this seller - find another who will back up there product with warranty.
Works well, as described.
Sometimes you just need a little play, and this works well for the shower or for individual play and lovers.
Great alterative paper towel. Wipes up stuff easily and is as durable as normal paper towels.
Great product used in our rv. The granule very messing when putting in commode.
NO ISSUES WORKS GREAT I GUESS
the wife loves this product
Used at my son's party! It was a good buy!
Ease of use, use it to weigh horse feed etc.
I bought this to add to paint for dying Sola wood flowers. Works great
The suction power of this blackhead remover is amazing. You can feel the balckheads being removed from your skin. The results after using this just a couple of times is so noticeable that you'll get compliments. It's made very durable and seems to be long lasting. It's easy to use and comes with well laid out easy to use instructions on how to use properly, care of the machine and safety information. It comes with five additional heads that are easy to change. This will help you to achieve the skin you desire. This is a great value for the money
This was a gift to my niece for her 21st birthday. She loves it. It works perfectly for her traveling needs.
This little tens unit has been a godsend. My back has been killing me and I ordered myself one of these and by day 2 of using it. I have no more Pain. It is super reasonable in price its made  very well.and easy to use. Make sure you get 3 AAA batteries for it too.
Comes with zipper cover that straps to standard desk chair. Easily adjustable. Great quality. Excellent support.
Every thing great
My dog takes heart meds every 6 hours and this is a great tracking method. Plus very solid even snaps shut for safety. You can grab one or more to take out for a day or two if you’d prefer.
This nail file is small enough to carry in your purse. It is a little thicker than some other crystal nail files, which also makes it more sturdy. I prefer the thinner crystal nail files generally, but this does a good job as files go.
It’s bathroom cleaner. What more can I say
Great tissues, nice and soft and sturdy
I tried Nervine Tonic after watching a video from a notable herbal company which touted the products effectiveness.  I cannot deny that the product worked as a relaxant and sleep aid.  However, I did find that my sleep was almost too deep and I had trouble waking up.  Because of this, I would use with caution and be extremely diligent with dosage.
I have reviewed before.  I was totally disappointed as this did not work on my glasses - one side or another kept sliding off.
I stand all day at work and so got these to go in a pair of dressier shoes that I have to wear occasionally. My feet are slightly fatigued after standing on these all day, but it’s significantly better than the shoes by themselves. Would recommend.
Stopped working after 1 month.
I have been taking 1000mg of another type of magnesium. This is only 400, but must have superior bio-availability because I only need a single 400mg caplet! Awesome!
delivered as expected and container didn't have a large air gap.
Magically delicious
My daughter has chondrimalacia patella.  This tape works great used in conjunction with another tape over it.  Keep her knee caps in place for dancing.
This handy little hair remover works just as well as the more expensive one out there. It leaves the skin smooth and hair free with no stubble. Makeup goes on so much better. It's quick and easy to use. Great purchase!
These are very cute and were sent very quickly. Yes, they do have big tags that can be removed in a few minutes from the whole set - get over it.  Yes, mine were patterned in the horizontal instead of the vertical - not an issue for me in a hair scrunchie.  Oh and they fit my average-sized woman wrist easily.  I get compliments whenever I wear one, and am doing the good fair-trade thing.
There's less static than other stuff I've tried (cloth sheets, dryer balls, etc), but there's still a ton of static in my laundry.Not sure if maybe I need two of them. Kinda pricey so I'll have to wait to get another in the future.
The cloths comes off the holder. Too much trouble to use,
I love these!! They're great, i use it on sore muscles & onmmy face every day and night. Works very well & is very effective! I love that it has 2 to chose from
I’m only giving it four stars instead of five because all the pills from both bottles fit into one so it’s kind of a waste of bottles, but this is a great supplement. No garlic taste afterward and they go down like a breeze.
Bought them for my grandma ( a non mobile senior).  They are too small to put them in the bes before going to sleep. I saw reviews that they work but now I'm looking for a bigger size
These are great! Smell wonderful!  Got them as gifts for friends at Xmas.  They loved them.
I took this product to my physical therapist. She tried to put it on and had great difficulty. It did not fit. It does not go low enough to support the back as well as pull the shoulders back. One person alone would have difficulty. My therapist does not recommend this product nor do I. I returned the product. The feedback I received from the seller said they are made to not go lower as people have big bellies.My therapist said she does not recommend any type of device as they are too difficult for the user to put on especially one with pain.
The product does last longer and is stronger than the original formula.
I think this mix did give me a little extra energy the other day when I had two tennis practices nearly back to back.  I have tried this mix several times and though I haven't noticed a jolt in energy, I didn't get overly fatigued either, especially while playing in the hot sun.  It mixes well with plain water though it seems to settle out a little bit if left to sit in the glass for a while.  The flavor is not all that good - it has a strong, almost bitter flavor that I don't really care for.  I have since started mixing this with another electrolyte mix that has a sweeter and more pleasant flavor.  I like the combination and it really keeps my electrolyte level up when sweating and exercising in the heat.
Very disappointed. These were the first pair of shears for me, as I am a nursing student.  These could barely cut through two layers of gauze.
Noisy and ineffective. All it did was pull at my poor cats butt furs and make him real mad. The clipper guard was too long to even touch his hairs and the product came with no other sizes.
I lift a lot. Both at the gym and at work. This gives me great back support. I like the fact that it's adjustable, so when I need more or less support, I can adjust as needed. I had this on while sitting as well and it helped me sit upright,  proper posture. I'm sure if I continue wearing it for the great  back brave it is, I might see my waist shrink as well. But the sole reason I bought this was for my back!! I was fortunate enough to purchase this item at a discounted price in return for my honest opinion.
Maintains sharpness-reasonable price
I have not yet been able to figure out how to have the light come on at the time that I want it to. I have been through the poor instruction book that came with it, but can't figure out how to program the @&## thing to work. The display light is a bit too bright for when the lights are off, and the nature sounds are annoying. I think you need to keep looking if you are looking for a lamp that slowly lights up in the a.m.
This pain relief cream from the appropriately named "Dr. Paine" didn't work that well for me. There is a slight menthol scent and the lotion is absorbed quickly without leaving much residue, which is a good thing. However, it seems ineffective for strong back pain. For some reason I associate strong smelling creams with higher potency - since this one is mild, it doesn't seem to have much impact. The positive thing is that you can apply the cream and go out without someone noticing a strong scent. However, I prefer Ben Gay for providing stronger pain relief. This one is just Meh.
I'm new to wood repair kits but our contractor suggested using this sort of kit to hide small cracks and scratches.  Depending on the depth of the scratch, I used the wax crayon first and then the marker to cover the color.  I used this on our older scratched furniture and on the wood accents on our window sills.  Not too difficult although it takes some time to get used to the materials.  It did help make scratches less visible, so the kit was worth it for us.
It works great. I thought it would be horrible quality bc it’s so cheap but it’s actually great. Not too rough on the skin, and very smallcompact. Make sure to charge before you use
The glasses arrived in 10 days (from China to the West Coast), well packed, in perfect condition. They included a sturdy, trim little black zippered case and a microfiber cleaning cloth.I bought these after reading an article about ways to increase energy; apparently, looking at electronic screens exposes you to a blue light that tends to keep you in “awake mode”...which means it’ll be difficult to sleep when you want to an hour or so later. Yellow or orange tinted lenses block the blue light, decreasing eye strain and allowing you to fall asleep more naturally—even if you tend to be eyeing those screens right up until bedtime, like I do.They seem to work! And the magnification is fine. I’m buying another pair for work.
This broth is not going to be salty or flavorful enough for most people.Mixing a scoop into any big bowl of soup, however, adds a boost of healthy benefits.An added plus is that many ingredients are organic, such as the spices and flavor.Making my own bone broth is a process that takes forever. And every minute of that process means that my dogs are whining because they know something good is cooking! It's easier on everyone, when you can just take a scoop and mix it into hot water or soup.I'm in my sixties, and always get comments on how youthful my skin looks for my age. Part of it is the serums and moisturizers, but a big part of it is taking collagen. Prior to using this, I used the Amy Myers MD chicken broth. I'm more than satisfied with the quality and effectiveness of both.
There is no surprise toy. The only toy are the 3 egg toys. It's not actually toys inside of the bath bombs though. Our nephew was extremely let down to find this out.
I was very excited for these to arrive, as I've been looking for an affordable back massage tool. When I opened the package I was so disappointed at what I actually received. The tools looked as if they were put together half-hazardly.The legs of the massager were uneven. For some reason they were all slightly different lengths, so I couldn't even use it effectively. The wood coating was also messy and not smooth at all. There were globs and bubbles of dried coating on the wooden surface.I know this was a relatively inexpensive massager, but I can't even enjoy at least one use. So in my opinion, I would certainly recommend spending a little more for a better quality product.
Really great size. Because there are 4 sections,  even if you take LOTS caps, there is so much room
This scale is perfect-I ordered and received it almost faster than if I purchased at a king size pharmacy or some such....inexpensive with fast delivery-less spent than if l had to drive to purchase-AND- the BEST PART is the product is accurate and well made!! BUY ONE-you will be pleased!
Small size makes it easy to store in purse or desk drawer. Works well.
Sneak those crazy beet nutrients into your yogurt or curry, and fool even yourself! And never waste another calorie with useless seconds of chewing! A-Plus! Nice beety flavor, too!
Very inexpensive for what you get. Seems well constructed and high quality for the price, and the ribbon to hang it is quite sturdy.
My white vehicle had road tar in several areas- this product was great. Removed all the tar after consistent pressure with a microfiber towel. Highly recommended.
===== RE: the Orange "Permanent Deaf-Maker" Ear Plugs AKA "Let's go to the ER at 5am" Plugs =====I put the orange plugs in and went to sleep.At 4am I woke up with pain in my left ear. I remove the right plug and try to remove the left plug, but the clear plastic nib comes out and leaves the plug in my ear.For the next hour I try to pull the plug out but I can't. It's painful and I'm worried I need to go to an emergency room. Without the clear plastic nib it's impossible to grab onto. I try tweezers, but I can't get a grip.At 5am, I wake up my neighbor and ask them for help. He tries the tweezers but it doesn't work. We decide to gently insert a wooden toothpick into the hole where the clear plastic nib used to be, and after about 30 minutes of very careful jiggling, we get it out.I cry.My neighbor consoles me. We go to bed. I can't sleep, my adrenaline has been activated. I normally wake up at 9am, so I lost 5 hours of sleep that night.This is DANGEROUS and should never be sold to consumers.===== RE: The Gummy Silicone Earplugs =====These are the most usable, but they worry me. They aren't effective unless the gummy part extends into the ear canal, which you're not supposed to do based on the directions, but if you do this it forms a vacuum seal and does pretty good at keeping sound out.The issue is that if you so much as tap your ear, you'll feel it on your ear drums because of the seal. You have to be VERY VERY VERY careful when you pull these out or you'll rupture your eardrums.If you put them in like you're supposed to, just covering the outside of the ear canal, they let almost all of the sound in still. They can't be used safely, in my opinion, and I recommend NOT using them in an unsafe way just to get them to work. I was desperate and so I did it the unsafe way, but don't do what I did.===== RE: The other earplugs =====The grey bomb-shaped ear plugs were not effective at all for me, they sat in my ear and let all the sound in still. They have clear plastic fins on them to pull them out, and although mine didn't break like the orange earplugs did, I would still be afraid of them being a safety hazard if they did break.The blue christmas-tree shaped earplugs seem the safest, they are all one piece of rubber and so it seems like a very low risk of breaking, and you can safely insert them and they seem to work. The only issue is they're not really meant to block sound so much as reduce volume, so I can still hear snoring, construction work, etc. Plus, they have a long piece that sticks out and prevents you from putting your ears on your pillow comfortably. If you sleep on your back, or you don't use them for sleeping, they would be fine. I'd recommend this pair to you if you just need to reduce noise and not block it out completely and don't sleep on your side.===== Quick Summary =====Except for the blue christmas tree shaped earplugs, I would recommend you just throw these ear plugs in the trash so you don't hurt yourself.
There aren't quite as many decorations included in this pack as expected but it's perfect for decorating a smaller room or entranceway. I didn't have any issues with defective balloons etc. The mylar balloons were a hit with the kids.I'd definitely recommend this for any Halloween party or for Halloween night.
Uncomfortable but better hold than pro version
This product was priced very well but isn't top quality. That being said, what you do get is a nice cheap way to incorporate cupping into your massage practice. You get quite a bit in size options so thats very helpful, and they do maintain good suction. The only thing i don't like is that over time the plastic cups show signs of being brittle and some have cracked. They did last me quite a while for being so cheap so i cant complain. I wasn't looking for a big investment so for the price it was worth it to me and i use it as my practice set. I did enjoy the cupping procedure and the pump handle really lets you control the strength of the suction quite well. So, if you'd like to try out cupping but don't want to invest in an expensive kit, this one is the one for you! The cupping technique has helped me with my shoulder pain as it really breaks up adhesions and gives more blood flow to the area. I place the cup on a sore spot and suction the skin about half way up the cup and let it stay for a few minutes like that. Another technique is to put massage oil on the area of your skin first, then suction it a little less than half way and then slide the cup around. YouTube has some great tutorials.
Here’s the thing:These will NOT last you like a regular sponge. So I had to get over that fact.Here’s what they WILLLIAMSON do ~ they’ll get in the tight spots, clean the crappy chrome around your faucets better than anything in the market with less effor. They get into nooks and crannies. It’s their “thing!” Also good on mirrors . I keep them in the bathrooms and kitchen. Stainless steel rims, etc. look like new now.
Works as advertized!
I have a sensitivity to tags and seams in clothing. Placing this over them has saved me on numerous occasions from wanting to crawl out of my skin.
B;ought for my wife--I have not heard her say any thing negative about it so I guess she is happy.
Good ingredients, but hard to stay put on the gum... ends up just a sawdust mouth experience where you have to spit it all out and rinse ... hmm... wish they made this in a gel form or paste or something other than powdered herbs...
It's as thick as the name brand and about the cost as you would pay at a box store but slightly less expensive then the name brand you can buy here.
I actually bought this just for the blades. I have a callus shaver, but to buy the blades by themselves cost more than this set. I gave the shaver to a friend with a blade installed, she is pleased with it.
I really liked it. I gave it to my family member for them when they buy their new home
I'm on my second box of this.  It makes the fermented vegetables have a much better flavor than run of the mill fermented veggies.  I use the recipe recommended (adding juiced celery) and also add some Himalayan salt.  Super tasty!
Greater magnification, but shorter depth of field. Wouldn't work for my computer use so I returned them.
Comes in handy
Work great for my husband.  Very well made.
Cinnamon mouthwash is a must in our household.  My husband loved cinnamon Listerene but that is no longer sold.  So I found this.  He actually preferred the Lavoris.  He said it has great flavor.. not too much alcohol.. just right.
This swag is pretty but it is not as pictured. The picture is showing purple and some pink . What I received is nice and full, but it is all purple. I might get more silk flowers to add to it because the one color is boring to me. I put it on my front door..
Highly recommend great taste and great buy
Had this unit for over a year now, and it's very quite.Originally bought this to try to eliminate the cigarette odors that would come from downstairs neighbors who enjoy smoking on their porch on hot summer nights, when you've your window open. It worked okay, wouldn't eliminate all, but it definitely cut the odors down.Since then we've moved to a smaller apartment, and this unit is now by the cat's litter box. Again, though it cuts down on the odors, it doesn't eliminate it all together. Actually, feed your kitties those cat grass helps much more.
I personally had one and sent to Mom another one. I didn't see any benefits from it myself. I didn't feel it doing anything about the pain at all. It was soothing to massage into my body and it doesn't have an offensive smell, but as for ending pain... not helpful. Mom said it was okay and it worked ok for her but she hasn't asked me to get her another one so I think it is not a completely fail, but it is not worth it to get again.
These tasty and nutritious bars are worth the price. They are filling. There is no chocolate in them, just carob. They do have mik and peanut butter however.
These are excellent boxes for presenting gifts in.  They are made of good, white cardboard that have a nice sheen and a good texture.  They are very easy to fold into a box and no instructions are necessary.  Just fold on the creases and slide the tabs into the slots on the bottom.  I wouldn't put a particularly heavy object in them since the tabs and slots are all that keep the bottom intact.  These boxes make a perfect cube shape.
Very poor quality.
I apologize for not saying so sooner.. My fibromyalgia has good days and bad. It is also extremely hot down here so I try not to be on Amazon too long because I spent too much money lol But truly it is a beautifully crafted piece. I use t for head piece during full moon rites but I do love it. I plan to take a peek around your shop soon. TY
Exceeded my expectations. I bought this for camping and travel. We were able to put three large duffle bags, air mattresses, blankets and sleeping bags in it.  Everything stayed dry. That left room for camping supplies in my Toyota Highlander and five passengers. I used ratchet tie downs in addition to the ties included ( put a rag under each ratchet to insure no rubbing).  I also put tarps in the bottom of my hitch haul to insure that the hitch haul bolts did not wear holes in the bag.  Worked perfectly.
Very inaccurate readings. Do not buy. Waste of money
These pads are super thick and high quality. They don't leak. Heavy duty! I wish they were larger and less expensive.I use them as dog pads for 2 small dogs. Not sure how they hold up for bed protection for people but they are the best quality I've ever gotten.
My girlfriend used it on a burnt pot and it did a good job. After seeing the results, I wanted to get it for myself in case I need it.
I bought these socks as gifts for nurses' day. They were awesome!
I am a big believer in aromatherapy so I decided to try this one out.  It smells amazing and it has helped me relax into a deep sleep.  It's very convenient to just spray it on my sheets before bedtime.  I will definitely order again soon.
Bright colors
I struggle with drinking an adequate amount of water, and I've never found other flavored waters or flavored drops to be enjoyable, as you can always taste an overly sweet, fake flavor. I received a bottle of Coconut Water Drops as part of a birthday gift, and I became OBSESSED. With just a squeeze or two of these infusion drops, I can drink bottle after bottle of water, and it fits into my new zero-sugar lifestyle. The only downside is the price...a bottle of water infusion drops lasts me less than two weeks, so it's pricey to keep up with my obsession, though the fact that these drops make my water so yummy that I avoid soda probably makes it worth it.
These are a decent option if you are looking for a reusable period product. They are easy to use and clean, but I do find them a bit bulky. I like that the inner lining is black so I don’t have to worry about stains.
It does have an easy to read dial, works better for me than digital as i am handicap and it's difficult for me to step up straight on there, course the only thing I don't really care for is my weight as it says what I really am! lol
Easy to make!
This AVCOO 4 Channel TENS Unit for Pain Relief is not for me. I got this for upper back pain. The caution part says where my pain is could cause rhythm disturbances which could be lethal.The box comes with a muscle stimulator machine. It has 12 electrode pads. It also comes with cables, a drawstring bag, and instructions.I will not be recommending this AVCOO 4 Channel TENS Unit for Pain Relief to family and friends.
Quality product.  Just as advertised.  Works perfectly.  Will buy from here again!
Great tissues for cold and allergy seasons
just like my grandmother use to use
I hung them up at my friends surprise party as decorations and they were super cute! Very decently priced so I was very happy with my purchase!
I had a cross made of silver and it was completely black from tarnishing, I follow the directions and dip it in the solution for just a few seconds when It came out I wiped it and wonderful. Great product highly recommend .
I always  try to buy this brand of tissue.
Works great and very well made
Some people just can't sleep with total silence. I can. My wife cannot. And, we have a hard time finding something that we can both accept. She wants the TV on. It keeps me awake. I like soft music. It keeps her awake. This Tabiger white noise machine has so many options, we found something that works for both of us, the sound of waves gently lapping on the shore. If you don't like that, there's air conditioner, train sounds, rain, frogs, crickets, a crackling fire, birds, soft piano music, instrumental lullaby, and more. Even just simple white noise. The quality of the sound is very good. And, the multi-mode night light is a nice touch. If you need sound to sleep soundly, I recommend this device. Five stars.
Product was supposed to include 4 rubber feet. Mine only came with one
My favorite paper towel.  Very absorbent and I love that it feels like cloth.
The socks are very well made and provide a lot of compression (at first wearing maybe a little too much) but after wearing them a few  times they are very supportive and not quiet as tight.
SHIPPING: R & L Carriers. &#62;&#62;&#62;Top Notch. --I was very concerned about this after reading some of the reviews here. Use the tracking number provided by Amazon on the R & L Carriers website. My chair arrived 5 days early. --Relax, they do call you the day before and a signature is required. I tipped the driver $20 to wheel the palletpackage into my garage for the night (He came at 7:00PM !) --Treat the man nice, and he'll probably do the same for you.  Just don't expect him to bring it into your house. --He's really not suppose to go further than the edge of your driveway (where you put your trash cans.)SETUP: The driver gave me some awesome advice. Leave the chair in the box when you bring it in the house. Yes, believe it or not, by doing it this way, I was able to get this 244 pound beast inside all by myself !!! The secret is to slide the box where it is possible and &#34;walk&#34; the box where it is not. For my 4 step porch, I laid down a plywood sheet for a temporary ramp. The shipping straps made excellent handles and your chair will have protection all the way to your man-cave. Try it.  --You can always resort to cutting the box open if it doesn't work out.ASSEMBLY: Again, some reviews had me nervous. No sweat. Take your time &#34;eyeballing&#34; it. The &#34;non-removable&#34; retainer clips were already installed on the posts.--Not suppose to be, but they were. To solve the Chinese puzzle: Gently insert a small flat blade screwdriver in the very middle, twist slightly, slip the clipretainer off the post GENTLY. (It may take you 3 hands, 5 minutes, or both). These are suppose to be one-shot retainers and they WILL break easily.--There were no spares. Next, get the leg assembly as close as possible. Connect the 3 color-coded pneumatic hoses and 1 electrical connection FIRST. (Moistenlube the air connection fittings, it will help.) Slip the leg assembly support rings on the posts one at a time, then re-install the retainer clips. The AC power and controller cables easily connect on the bottom back of the chair. --You're now ready for lift off.THE RIDE: Holy smokes... No buyer remorse here.  This thing WILL have you smiling.  Heaven on your back and kinky on your ass. --Another reviewer put it perfectly: &#34;It works your butt over like a Greek.&#34; WARNING: Do not use more than 20 minutes (5 minutes in one specific area.) Yes, you will be tempted to ride all day, but like a hot tub, be sensible and don't over do it. --ENJOY.
When you can't get in the shower and want to feel refreshed or just clean these are really good to have around. Thick enough that you won't easily drive your fingers through the material but thin enough to be usable. Ok scent. Useful cloths.
I had recommended sleeves like these for my boyfriend to offer ankle support and compression. I own other types of sleeves like these that help me with my plantar fasciitis. Nevertheless, he tried these and says they are very, very comfortable. He likes them as "socks" but says they do not offer any support or compression. I tried them on and they are too big on me. I got size 13-15 and he takes a 13 shoe, so these were the right size for him.He personally does not understand why they are open toe and neither do I. Nevertheless, he likes them for other reasons other than what they are advertised for. To him these are five stars for comfort but they do not hold up to the support claims. Therefore, look elsewhere for ankle support.
I looked endlessly for brushes that had a cleaning tip, particularly one that worked well. This is the answer!  The cotton-lime top gets everything clean!  Love these brushes!
I loved the Swarovski crystals.  It was fun to have so much bling on my ears.  The adhesive didn't stick well in areas on a ridge.  Also, on each ear one of the crystals moved to the point of revealing the gold pellet underneath.  I didn't mind, they still looked pretty.  Be aware that some people, such as myself, react poorly to gold.  I won't be able to use these for myself again, and the crystal styles currently only come with gold plated pellets.
Worked great
Works real good
This laptop table works great.
Why take a product that is so simple to use and complicate it so much? I followed the directions and could not get it to heat up. It might work great, but, I don't have the patience to figure it out, so am returning it.
This appears to be the right sponge for my wand but is isn’t. I bought these in November and having run out of the sponges I had I reached int the cupboard and grabbed a  new sponge. Wow I’m I disappointed.  It doesn’t fit my wand. The shape of the sponge is correct but the base is wrong. It’s way past 30 days so I can’t return them. Maybe I can find a new wand. But really? What a pain. Be careful. Check the base not only the sponge
Ok to use with adult supervision in case kids wanted to step on. Fragile cause glass!!!
This does nothing to make foundation smoother. If anything it makes it look like I have tried to put makeup on with a plastic bag.
I love this stuff.  I'm not sure of it's health benefits but it has great flavor and is a healthier alternative than a lot of other additives to water.
Let me just start from the beginning. First, the packaging for this is super cute and totally is what drew me to this energy supplement. The packaging draws you in and the name itself totally makes you want to see what this is. Then you read Cherry Bomb and I was totally intrigued and it sounds like it would be an awesome flavor. This stuff ticked all my boxes on looks and drawing me in.However, when I opened it and smelled what was in this, nope, nope, oh heck to the nope nope. I have to be completely honest, I can't even tell you what it smelled like because it's not something I've ever smelled. Yeah, tells you exactly what it is huh. I know, it's driving me crazy too because it's this strong striking scent that you think you know but then when you think about it, you really have no idea. Then I tried it. Worst mistake ever. It's like battery acid meets stomach bile, except I'd rather drink that. The worst part is while I was very hesitant to even try this after smelling it, I was like I've tried things that smelled horrible, tried it, and honestly it was awesome. However, me being dumb and super thirsty I ended up downing half a bottle before wanting to rip my tongue out. It's messed up because it started out totally fine until you stop drinking and then the smell turns into the taste. My tongue is still mad at me, and I don't blame it. I still have remnants of the smell and then it reminds me of the taste and I spit up a bit. Yeah, it's gross. It's more than gross, seriously don't buy this stuff. And being someone that drinks zero sugar drinks and sugar-free stuff, it's not this being sugar-free.On another note, I wish everything came with the little scoops that Glytch uses. It's a scoop and funnel in one and is totally genius. So at least I got a super awesome scoop out of this horrid stuff.
What a lovely presentation to give as a gift.That said I eat almost 100 % vegan, and not looking to lose weight, as thisSays it will keep you full.But I’m looking for eating healthy.MCT oil is healthy for your body, and I use it for my Salads with allot of seasonings.There is not any taste to this.Most people use this in there coffee, which I do not drink, andIn there Tea.  Although I do drink tea but I have not put this in it.But I do put this in a smoothie when I’m in a rush and don’t haveTime to eat.  Although I think smoothie are a waste as there is notAny fiber left in a smoothie there so parred.I do think this is pricey, and is clear that it should be.Comes in a nice Glass clear bottle that looks like  a bottle of vodka!
These are the cheapest piece of crap you could by.  The sleeve itself doesn't stay in place and the padding inside is a piece of itchy scratchy egg crate foam.  There is no cover on the foam.  I cannot believe this item has gotten such rave reviews.  I will be posting a video to show you the quality, or lack of it with this product.  You are better off buying something else like Futuro which is what I am using now for my Ulnar Nerve issues which have been bothering me both day and night.  The Futuro Elbow Support has been working great and I highly recommend it!
I am very happy with this product. I hate taking bulky vitamins and trying to remember how many to take. This is a convienent and easy fit in my fast paced lifestyle. It has no flavor and is a very fine powder. This makes it easy to add to shakes, yogurt, or oatmeal. The only thing I didn't like was the resealable bag it came in, because it doesn't close well. I just ended up putting the product in another container.  This has been the best way for me to add these essential nutrients to my diet. Thank you!
MY hubby and I use the product to relaxAnd help with Sleeping. Product Works WellWe'll order again.
This is the third time I have bought this product. The sticks that were in the bottle were no longer working. The sticks in the pouch did work but that meant 100 sticks did not on opening.
Seems to be working and I am not having the jitters or clenching my teeth. I like the fact you can step off and not crash
I use this to make magnesium oil.  I add 1 part water to 12 part flakes (ex. 1 oz water to 12 oz flakes). If you want it stronger use 1 to 1 (ex 1 oz distilled water to 1 oz flakes). Best to store in a spray bottle. Can also be used as a deodorant.
Very cheesy and crunchy. The biggest problem is that I couldn't stop eating once I started.
It arrived on time. Nice product, clean smell.
Good stuff - as advertised
before you buy fan Australian Bush Flower essence for this kind of a price do shop around.
I got this to replace a plastic Sterilite stool I used to get into my very high bed.  The plastic stool had cracked and was unsafe. This stool is heavy duty, sturdy and stable. It came fully assembled in an extra thick cardboard box. It has crossbars between the legs to give more strength. It has a non-slip surface on the step and does not slide on the floor.  I'm glad I spent the extra money and got this stool that I expect will last a lifetime.
Works best on clean glasses. Slick packaging.
When I pulled this out of the box I initially was caught off guard by how old school and basic this hair dryer looks. But when I used it, it completely changed my opinion. This hairdryer blows… but in a good way. It dried my hair really fast, way faster than my old hairdryer. It’s wind-tunnel-level airflow and the high heat setting is super hot. Maybe even too hot sometimes. It’s also lightweight and easy to handle. I hope this lasts for a long time.
A single tablet is plenty for a cup of coffee.I think these are a bit sweeter than the same size Splenda tablets.This is great for home or an office desk drawer.The cylinder container is the diameter of a U.S. quarter.(I have re-ordered two more 1200 tablet containers.  I  take them with me when I travel.
GREAT! Holds well and makes a shower possible--injury makes it impossible for me to reach very high and I was able to put this at the correct height for my use.
I have allergies to long haired dogs and evergreens. This is a natural allergy medicine that works wonders. I have been dog sitting at my friends house who has a long haired dog and Nettle has made it possible to still breathe. Thank you Nature’s Way!
For when I am craving dark chocolate and raspberry -- this one has good flavor, high protein and less carbs.  Beware about eating more than one a day though -- unless you are wanting a cleansing with cramps.
This seems to be a well-formulated probiotic for women. I have been taking it for about a week and I think that it has been helping me, along with the other digestive enzymes, pre and postbiotics that I take. It's hard to quantify exactly how much, but it does seem to help with my digestion issues that come with post viral inflammation.
The only way to buy them in bulk
I’ll start by saying that the pair of jade facial tools I received do indeed match the online product photos. The gua sha scraper is a significantly darker shade of green than the lighter bright green hue of the accompanying roller. I’m not sure why anyone would intentionally choose a set of paired tools that differ so drastically in color, but at least they’ve been accurately represented in the listing.While the scraper is smoothly polished and comfortable to use and hold, the dual-ended roller is rather noisy. Unlike most other jade rollers currently available, this roller doesn’t have the clear silicone plugs present inside each drilled cylinder, so all rolling motions produce a clunking sound as the stones bump up against the metal bars of the triangle-shaped hardware. The stones are nicely polished and attractive otherwise, and each end of the roller still provides adequate pressure, but the overall functionality leaves a little to be desired since a silent rolling mechanism hasn’t been ensured.At a current list price of $4.95, this is by far the cheapest jade facial set I’ve come across, so it might be great for new users who are looking to test drive a pair of these tools before possibly selecting a slightly more expensive version, but the visual impact of the widely different color shades is definitely distracting.
This is a nice denture bath.  Good quality and comes in three pieces - the lid, the inside basket and the outer bin.  The lid comes off easy so it's easy to access the basket - it just lifts out of the bin.  I ordered the standard size and I was a little concerned it would be too small but nope - both my upper and lower dentures fit nicely.
Didn’t work.  I have a more textured curly hair type, and this did nothing for me. My regular flat iron does a better job at straightening and curling my ends. Maybe it’s more for naturally straight hair??????? Idk
Life Extension products have always been slightly over priced, for the last 32-33 years that I have purchased them. But, product works for my needs, and you get what you pay for.
It's significantly louder than my other tool (Foot Scrubber Electric Foot File Callus Remover Hard Skin Remover Pedicure Tools for Cracked Heels and Dead Skin with 3 Roller Heads White by BOMPOW).On first try I thought it didn't power-up but you have to hold the power button down until it powers up.I like that it comes with 3 heads to suit different issues.Waterproof! Safe to use in the bath or shower! I am shouting with happiness because this is the BEST EVER, SO MUCH BETTER THAN ALL THE MANUAL TOOLS!The only negative is it doesn't come with a adapter for the wall, only a USB charging cord. Also because it has different attachments a small cloth bag would have been wonderful to keep it all together.
When I had surgery a few months ago I was unable to put my pillows over my head as I’d grown accustomed to doing. I have a CPAP machine with nose cushion mask and I used the pillows to hold that in place while blocking the light overnight. But that surgery meant I couldn’t use the pillows - I had to sleep on my back and propped a bit for two months. So I got a night mask and have slept all the better ever since. When my wife saw the difference in me she started to sleep with a mask as well - the darker night has made sleep deeper and more recuperative.We each have a mask we love (the same, gotten on Amazon), but we wanted a back up for her so she could wash that one from time to time. I saw this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade and decided to give it a try. I’ll admit - she thought I was off base with the wrap around design - it would not fit or it would be too hot or... but she gave it a try. She loves it!1. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade wraps around the full head. I have a larger head, wearing a LGXL baseball hat. She does not - hers is much smaller. This Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade fits both of our heads comfortably.2. I have not slept in this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade, but I did try it on with my CPAP nose cushion mask - it does not sit right. I can get it closed and all the way around my head, but I use it (and the purpose is) so as to block out all light. With the CPAP on there is a large gap at the base of the mask where it goes over the nose piece. Unlike other masks I have, I cannot recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade for someone with this type of CPAP.3. The materials are excellent! This is a soft and “luxurious” wrap that feels cool and soft, making for a very comfortable experience. My wife did end up taking it off about halfway through the night, feeling it heated her head too much. To be fair, she has the same issue with pillows, but not with masks that have only the eyes covered with a strap around. I had it on only for a brief time, I felt I could go longer than my wife, but again, needing the CPAP I am unable to use it.4. What we both like is that there is a softening of sound with it on. We use a sound machine to keep nighttime sounds drowned out, but this adds to that - my wife really felt it helped her sleep a little more blocking out additional sound.5. The velcro is easy onoff and it is well attached to the wrap, keeping one from worrying it’ll detach - it’s secure.6. Looks nice. For the ladies, this has a nice, feminine look - my wife says so.As of this writing, my wife loves it - as do I, though it doesn’t allow me to use it - and will use it often. She does take it off it gets hot - but that’s something that she feels is a personal thing. In the end, she’s happy to have it and happy to recommend this Luxury Silk Sleep Mask - Tara Sartoria Artisan Handmade mask.
I am almost 50 and have noticed my focus and concentration on the decline. I noticed a tremendous difference on the 2 dose 2 day!I was able to stay focused on a project for over 10 overs with distraction.I am beginning to feel like my younger self!
Have no issues with them holding
The mask is soft but there was some color transfer onto my pillows.  I can't explain why this happened.  Also, the plastic adjustment clasp on the elastic band can gouge the side of my head.  There must be better sleep mask options out there...
Wow. Im so happy about finding this product , I hope amazon continues to sell it . Recently I had shingles and then got contact dermatitis ( allergy) so I’m trying the “ free of “ this one cleans as the ultra stain release original does just no fragrance. Tide and amazon come through again.🙌🏻
Very nice looking and seems sturdy.
It's a nice bunch of stuff  packed in a box. For the money  it is worth  it very nice selection  of stones.
These are nice for using on your face, but they do not hold enough soap to clean larger parts of the body. The two pads measure 3" x 2.5" and have soft silicone bristles that felt great on my face. You squirt a little liquid soap on these and rub it on a wet face, and the soap suds up nicely and cleans well. The only problem is that soap can get on the other side and make the pad slippery to hold. I just grasp the knob between two fingers (rather than sticking my fingers in the pocket), and then I can keep a pretty good grip.There is also a scrubber that has a sponge inside. You can squirt soap on the sunny face, then squeeze the sponge to create a fine, white foam from the soap. These bristles are a little bit firmer than the pads, but they are still very nice feeling on the face. The reverse side has thicker, stiffer silicone bristles. The sponge is pretty easy to squeeze and pull out of the hole. It dries quickly when removed. The scrubber is a nice size to easily hold and squeeze while using. It is 2 inches tall by 2 inches wide.
We use this to get my mom's wheelchair from our kitchen into the sunroom.  It works great.  Very sturdy
This is the best stuff for removing thermal compoundgrease. Much better than using rubbing alcohol.
I think every household needs cleaning gloves. These have the same quality as Playtex. They are latex-free so you don't have to worry if you have allergies. There are different colors, so you can color code according to task. This is a great buy.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
Just probably me but I didn’t like smell. I gave it to friend .i want a real pine smell
It does seem to whiten your teeth.  It is in powder form, which does take a bit of getting used to.  I dip my dampened tooth brush into the powder and brush my teeth.  It’s black!  So you really get all the edges cleaned getting out all the residual cleaner.  It seems to be a natural alternative to chemical laden products.
I held off on buying 13 cottons because I figured it couldn’t be good for vaping! It’s Amazon cotton and it’s cheap, but don’t let that deter you! I tried many different brands, including cotton bacon prime, cloud 9, wotofo cotton, goose cotton, etc etc. This cotton keeps up with the best and has become a favorite of mine!! It has very little break in time, lasts a long time, and the flavor on it is as good as the best cottons!  Don’t hesitate, you won’t be disappointed.. I sure wasn’t!!
I recently scavenged a pair of these nose pieces from another pair of glasses and this order of, 10 Pair D-Shape Screw-on or Click-on Silicone Nose Pads 15 mm (10 PAIR, D SHAPE 15MM SCREW ON) was placed just after the change out.  These are soft, but still firm and will first be used to replace the scavenged pair and then be a reserve for future nose piece problems.  I anticipate it to happen, as my daughters parrots have chewed two off now.  I'm ready for the next assault.
Sometimes this works against my nighttime leg cramps and sometimes it doesn't, but I still like to have it on hand.
Really terrible product.  Has no power at all.  Waste of money.
Well built but dimensions are just enough off to limit use
I read tons of descriptions and reviews before I decided to give this product a try. It’s been a while since I’ve had a pedicure. My feet are in love! The foot file did a pretty good job of removing rough skin without harm. Works much faster than a pumas stone. I did my husband's feet and he likes a result too.
Pros: This set contains just about every size cleaning brush you could possibly need to clean your combs, razors and trimmers. They're incredibly easy to clean, too. Cons: I cannot think of anything negative to say about this kit. Love it!
I cannot get these to work.  Not a good idea for me.
Broke faster than we could get them to work.
Ok these are great so far. Takes forever to arrive or at least feels like when can't see.  Light and comfortable to wear for long periods
Easy to use. Not bad flavor at all. The easier it is to use. The more I can take it. I have reordered. I can't really tell if it works. I just keep taking a variety of joint relieve products to maintain flexibility without the pain of arthritis. Hopefully this and all products for arthritis relief work.
Nearly every time I’ve ever purchased rubber  gloves they have either been far too big or too small - the ones in this set absolutely could not fit any better!From the fit in the fingers to across the palm and back of the hand to up the arm - these gloves are exactly the right size for me.There are 4 pairs of gloves in this set!  Two sets of gloves that are unlined that feel just like a second skin - providing the ultimate in dexterity while still protecting your hands.  And the other two pairs of gloves are flocked with a cotton liner making them not only easier to get on and take off but softer and providing some protection from hot dish water.On both types of gloves, the tips of the fingers are reinforced giving extra durability yet still allowing for excellent dexterity and range of motion.  The texture on the palm and finger pads aides in being able to grip and hold anything you are working on without any issue.The forearm protection 6.5”  giving the ability to reach down into liquids without the liquid flooding the glove - the total length of the glove is 12.6”.These gloves are constructed from PVC (Polyvinyl Chloride) and are thus Latex free making them excellent for those with a Latex allergy.I have really put these gloves to the test with the unlined gloves I have worked outside, scrubbing metal cabinets with wire brushes and chemicals and have yet to wear through a single pair!  I have used the lined gloves as I’ve cleaned my grill and scoured countless dirty pans.These are the best rubber gloves I have ever seen.  I definitely recommend these to those looking for excellent, long lasting rubber gloves to protect your hands!  This is an outstanding buy!
This wash-in helped restore the water repellency of my favorite nylon shell. I'm not giving it 5 stars because it didn't make the shell totally repellent, but maybe that's asking too much. It did a very good job, doesn't smell or leave a residue, and doesn't appear to affect the breathability of the fabric.
I am so VERY upset! This product not only took out the ugly dark coffee stains, but it ruined the beautiful shiny finish on the inside of my vintage coffee pot. If you have a vintage coffee pot do not buy this! It will ruin it.
Fits great, looks nice and great price!
Sounds good, not Bose quality but good for the price. Battery lasts for a few nights sleep.
I have problems with calloused heels and so I need to do some exfoliation from time to time.  I've used the battery-powered Emjoi for years, but I got tired of replacing the batteries.  This one is more convenient, more powerful, and faster.WARNING:  Be careful!  This can very easily grind too much skin off the feet and create a wound.  It is best to go easy.
So far so good with these capsules. I've had no bad side effects and some good so that works well. They seem to do wonders for the hair and skin. They are said to have antibiotic type effects as well which is always a plus. These are rich in antioxidants and the capsules are vegetarian. Since you are supposed to take one capsule twice a day this is only a one month supply so that's something to consider when deciding if you are going to start a regimen that includes this exact brand of Neem Seed Oil Supplement. It's a good supplement to use and seems to work so it may be worth it.
here are some key points in my overall experience:- smell of the broccoli was stronger than the taste lol, so don't be deterred by the smell lol- easy way to add some veggies to your diet!- perfect for putting in smoothies, or add to juice- i love that this product is organic, non-gmo, and no fillers- I would've liked to know if this product is raw or cooked, and also how much of the powder is one daily serving of veggies- overall good experience, but hoping they add the above info, which I would find very valuable!
used it once. then tossed it. did not curl my lashes
Excellent flavor and I know from previous use of a different flavor that these work quite well for my upsets.
great tasting way to get vitamin c
Have used for years. Always feel scrubbed clean. And easily reaches your back. They never mildew or tear. Replace every 3-6 months.
Cleans the air in my car beautifully. Leaves it freah.
This product works perfectly.  It does exactly what it says it will do.  And it's an amazing price!  I would recommend this to anyone.  I have one for most of my rooms but plan to get two more so that ALL rooms have it!
This is exactly as described.  I was nervous it would not be the size described but it is a large size to fit any bulky or thick items for storage.  Very sturdy construction and the window is a plus.
Great to clean and sanitize wounds.
Would recommend these mask over all others I have purchased over the past few years. I can chew gum and talk while wearing these mask with no problem.
Haven't used it a great deal yet but I like the idea of a bug guard in lotion form.  It is exactly as described & arrived promptly.
These are what I was looking for and do what I needed them to do.  I am happy with them.
Frankly, we like this product. It does not leak all the soap out as the 3M product did, and it cleans the dishes just fine. The problem is that the sponge head comes loose from the plastic base that holds it on the handle. The first one came off in about a week or so, and now the second one has done the same. The seller is willing to send me a new set and have me return the old set, but unfortunately, the UPS store here is not a regular store, and I would need to go 90 miles to a full-service UPS store. I will see what alternatives the seller and amazon offer. Frankly, this is a bummer since the product is head and shoulders better than our previous 3M ones if only it would stay glued together.
I've been on a mission to try out as many nutrition bars as I can find, looking for a combination of good health, good taste, and reasonable cost. After trying virtually all the flavors of a couple dozen different brands, these came in second to .  The Kit bars are a bit more expensive with no Subscribe and Save option but are healthy, tasty and not too sweet.We also like Larabars and Kind bars but find both too sweet.ThinkThin Crunch have more sodium and less sugar and are so-so in taste.Kashi Bars are the cheapest at $.50 apiece and the Almond Flax version are the least sweet.My recent least favorite are Coconut Simply Whey Bars with a fairly yucky taste.
A little in my morning coffee does the trick!
This package contained two household chore gloves (one with the cotton lining, one without a lining). They're of the large size. I usually wear women's large size, and these fit well. They were easy to pull on and off, including the one that did not have cotton lining on the inside. They fit close enough and are flexible enough that I could do chores that require some dexterity. The gloves cover your hand, wrist, and part of the lower arm. I'm very pleased with these as I usually have trouble finding gloves that fit well, are easy to get on, and don't provoke my latex allergy.
Good price. Easy to use. Provides a deep clean for my appliances.
Replaced original, perfect fit, the only down fall is that the adjustment stem adjustment pins are not the same as original?  No reason why, made it work anyway.
Held up well even in the wind!
Great product and have used it for years.
Worked as described
This cleansing brush system is excellent. First it comes with a beautiful carrying case, it has a huge body brush. Second, it has a blending brush for getting facial creams well blended into your skin, which means you you less cream and it is fully absorbed. Third, it comes with a facial brush for deep cleaning your face. Fourth, it comes with a pumice stone as well. All this plus it's battery operated. You really don't need to buy separate gadgets, save money and be completely satisfied with this system. It truly is a wonderful system and I highly recommend it. I bought this with a discount, but would gladly pay full price for one for my daughter in a heartbeat.,
I got this for my father who is advanced in age. His feet ache continuously. Blue Emu is the first foot salve that gave him relief. He loves this stuff.
In my opinion serves the purpose as well as $150 name brand.
been using these for almost 3 weeks daily am time and I find myself having more energy for whatever I'm doing. (work, walkrunningbicycling) etc I like the fact that it's only two tablets per dosage. It's also very helpful in removing a lot of water they get to retain in the body which causes bloating. (excess water).You can take 2 tablets 1-3 times perday. I find (for myself) since I'm high energy and active that 1 time per day works. Find out what's best for you. No crash effect and you feel alert.
The bulb gives light which is not as yellowish as standard soft white bulbs, improving the readability of written text. The bulbs themselves are very compact, slightly shorter than a standand incandescent bulb. Turn on time is less than half a second.The two bulbs come in a container made of thin cardboard that offers little protection. Both the original shipment and the replacement shipment each had a broken bulb. The bulbs do contain small amounts of mercury which is toxic. They probably should be  ordered separately so as to lessen the chance of them being damaged by other items in the shipment and prevent mercury contamination of the other items.
Barely measured out to 16", nowhere near the 17" as advertised. Washing element has already starting separating. Cheap.
It seemed like it made it harder to breathe not easier.  I returned
This eyelash curler was already charged but failed to get hot after 10 min of being on. After trying it on my eyelashes, as I pressed on it, the plastic cracked. I can not recommend. Shipping was okay.
We love the original Oreck carpet cleaner.  We have purchased different off brand cleaners and they do not work as well as the original Oreck.
I just received this item and it won’t even turn on. Such a pain to have to return! Do not waste your money.
Item was securely packaged and sealed.  I use this fragrance in my diffuser to enhance lavender and orange.  The smell is nice and as expected.
Does the job well.
Love these colors!
I bought this squeegee for our shower tiles and glass door. It works very well. The angle of the handle is adjustable and an extension handle can be installed. I bought a handle adapter through Amazon so that a short, screw on handle can be attached. It came with two replacement blades and works very well. Makes quick work of getting the water off shower tiles and glass.
This is the only form of iodine that I can take.  Not only that years ago I was treated for Lyme disease.  My heavy metals were tested and my Lead and Mercury were off the chart.  While at an amazing clinic I was also treated with chelation therapy to reduce my heavy metals.  By the time I left my Lead and Mercury were about 12 of what they had been, but were still way too high.  I came home bought an IV pkg from a local Dr. but they made me wait 4 months before I could start chelation therapy again.  During that time I was taking 5-7 of these a day to help with my energy.  I had read that this can remove heavy metals, but??? how effectively.  When the Dr. finally had time to see me 4 months later and they tested me for Heavy metals they were all but gone!!!  This stuff had pulled the rest of them out of my system.  The $1,000 I paid just had to be used for the occasional Vitamin C IV, because no one ever refunds money.  Now, the thing about heavy metals is that they can get into every cell so you clean out the blood and other stores will be released.  Meaning it might take years and years to completely remove all of the heavy metals depending upon how long you had mercury in your mouth, how much, or how long you were exposed to other things. If you are using it for anything other than as an iodine source you might want to have your Heavy Metals tested to check your progress.  I have not had my heavy metals tested in years, but this product helps to give me energy and helps me to feel good so I continue to take 3-5 per day.  They are staples in my ever shrinking supplement list.
No instructions. Adjustments very limited. Do not appear durable. Uncomfortable. Do not aid in movement.
Omg, this scent is HEAVENLY. Bought it once to test if I liked the scent, buying three more now. If you're buying this brand, they usually have free shipping on purchases of $50. The shipping can be expensive, so stocking up every few months can save you some $ instead of buying one every once in a while.
They were exactly what I needed for close sewing work and made all the difference in being able to see to thread the needle!
Works great.
good for the price
Next best thing to jets.  Easy to use, and relaxing effect.  When rinsing, I just hang it vertically on the shower to dry!
will take the matte finish off paint though (walls) and leave shiny spots. Will slowly remove the shiny surface of tiles but I think it says that on the box. Still a great tool for when nothing else will work.
Pretty good. Still a little chafing when I'm doing longer runs of 10 miles. Marathon coming up so I need something for the sports bra area that holds up.
I used this when I had walking pneumonia. I was still sick for 2 months while using this. Maybe it works better as a preventative instead of after you are sick.
Stronger than my old dollar store readers. I needed new magnifiers for crafts. My old ones got chewed by my puppy. I decided to try stronger ones. These do the trick and are stronger than what I needed. Like the fashionable colors. I might take a pair to work and keep on my desk. This is very handy to have spares. I have super high powered ones that only work for jewelry inspection, but not very useful. The +5.00 is good for hand work and miniatures.
Great cases
My family follows a low carb diet. These low carb snack bars are quite satisfying. I was full for a good couple of hours after eating one. They are surprisingly soft and chewable. I expected them to be hard and dry, but they aren't. I would rate the taste as in between a 3 and a 4. They're definitely palatable. I've had some bars that I've literally had to force myself to eat. I found it easy to eat these. You're not going to mistake them for candy or treats. These would be easy to keep in your bag or take on the go.
The brush is baby soft. It does the job, but not quite what I had hoped.
I used to put a warm washcloth on my face prior to doing extractions. It's messy and inconvenient, and the cloth is only at the right temperature for a short time.I like this unit because it delivers the steam that helps open the pore prior to extraction. And if that wasn't enough, it even includes some extraction tools.So far so good.
I bring these with me whenever I travel. I recently got back from Namibia and Botswana. Can't even tell you how many times I found myself in a bathroom with no soap or in a location with no soap and sink after handling animals or about to eat a meal.They're so easy to use. Just be sure that you only use one sheet per hand washing. Two is too many and you'll be stuck trying to get all the extra soap off of your hands.
After seeing this oil suggested to remove scars, acne, fine lines and wrinkles on pinterest I decided to by some and give it a try for myself and it actually met up to my expectations.  My skin has not looked better in years.
Great moisturizer!  I  look better already :)... usually cheaper on Ebay though.
Latest Update (Jan. 2018): After 2-3 YEARS of trying to keep the little feet on the scale from leaving black streaks on the bathroom floor, I gave up and threw this scale away.  Cleaning the feet did not work; coating the feet with clear nail polish worked only for a time; attaching felt covers on the feet also only worked temporarily.  Amazing.  SO RELIEVED to be rid of the bloody thing.Update: I removed one star after using this scale for about a year now.  The scale rests on little square rubber feet, and these little bits of rubber leave black streaks on my tiled bathroom floor every single time I move the scale on the floor.  It's like the rubber feet are made of soot.  I tried cleaning them, but no amount of cleaning prevents the feet from leaving black streaks.  I finally painted over the feet with clear nail polish top coat.  That worked for a while but the top coat apparently wears off after a while.  I've had to repaint the rubber feet after a few months.  Awful!This is the best bathroom scale I have owned.  Ever!  It is sleek in design, easy to read with the bright blue-lit background.  Most importantly, it is accurate!  My old scale used to give a differenr reading each time I got on it, even if it was seconds apart.  Also, this scale uses regular  batteries instead of the hard-to-find LED batteries the old scale used.  I have only had this scale for about 2 weeks but I am really glad  I made the switch.  If you are looking for an easy-to-read, accurate scale, I recommend this one.
This has truly saved my life! I use this twice a day to clean my eyes and eyelids, and it truly has been a lifesaver. I was struggling terrifically with dry eye syndrome until my doctors advice nurse suggested I try this. I can’t live without it!
The cart is well made with long handle for easy movement. I only give it 4 stars because the wheels are not tough enough for daily  city use. I had to change the wheels with lawn mower replacement wheels and now nothing can stop in my everyday use. why aren't more being sold.
so far, so good. charges my batteries so I always have back up!
Its alright. Didnt notice anything but tingling. I got this stuff "The Bust-Boosting Solution", and so far Ive seen awesome results. Thought I'd share! :)[...]
Each mint is about 7mg of caffeine, but it feels much more powerful than that! I'm not sure which flavor I like more, they are all very good.
I have these on my Amazon subscription.When it comes to supplements, sometimes even top brands are adulterated. Independent studies have shown that often what you think you are getting, ISN'T what you're getting.Amazon says these are tested, and since I've had very good luck with most Amazon branded products, I trust them.
Just what I desired! Great smell!
Too hard, missing the softer outer layer. My Chiropractor told me to buy this one, but this is cheaper than the one he has. It's missing the outer roll. Totally unusable for me.
I like that the straws come individually wrapped (since I probably won't be drinking boba tea on a daily basis and these will end up getting thrown and knocked around in a kitchen drawer). Perfect size for bubble tea pearls.
These gloves work really well, and they are an extremely time-saving, efficient means to dust both mini blinds and knickknacks.This product is a pair of gloves, and I wear both at the same time, one on each hand, to dust. A handy plus is that once one side of the gloves gets too dusty, you can switch the gloves to opposite hands, in order to reverse the gloves so that you are dusting with a clean side, in order to continue dusting and get twice as much use out of the gloves before washing them.You can throw these gloves into the washer on cold, gentle cycle, but you need to air dry them. I have so far washed them by hand in order to make them last longer.Highly recommended.
This higher dose will provide me with twice as much Omega 3 than my previously used brand. I am glad I was able to find this extra strength supplement. I'm looking forward to seeing how this extra strength dosage will affect me. Highly recommended.
I like this item because I can carry one packet or all of them.  The only difficulty can be opening the packet.  If your hands are stiff, I would not buy this item because the handles you use to open the packet are small.
I like many others was a little taken back when I opened the bottle to see that there was a baggie inside holding the vitamins. That was odd.the pills themselves are banded together, just like in the description. So that wasn't a big deal for me. I haven't noticed a difference but I have had no side effects either. There is no bad after taste and they are easy to swallow.
It's okay, but dries out easy.
I have read a lot about magnesium deficiency, and it's a real conundrum. People die of heart attacks from it. But most forms of magnesium can't be taken in high enough doses to quickly build magnesium levels without causing diarrhea. I have experimented with taking different amounts of this product and have had no problem with abdominal cramping or diarrhea. this is one of the few breakthroughs in the world of supplements.
Used once so far and worked well.
XXL is BARELY large enough (I'm 6'7"), but even so, it DOES physically encourage my back and shoulders toward proper alignment.I had concerns about the smell, Vender reached out to me and explained that it WILL dissipate. The dissipation may take longer if it's left in a colder environment (such as my garage in winter).
What fun. My daughter and granddaughters are in roller derby, so they can go a little crazy with their hair for bouts. This is nice quality hair chalk with vivid colors--a virtual palette that's unbeatable.
These are really cute, just sturdy enough to stuff, not so tough the kids can’t get into them.
Wouldn't wear it
To be fair I have a very old Ace bandage that I was replacing so newer ones may have already improved over the years. Regardless, this is a nice package of 4 wraps with 2 clips each and at least 2 extra included which was a nice touch seeing as how those always tend to bendbreak at the teeth or get lost altogether. The material had a good feel and a really nice stretch to it vs my older one. So long as these hold up through a few uses I would definitely purchase them again. If they do not hold up reasonably well I'll update this review.
Compared to other products like this, I've read many reviews and compared many products. I haven't fully tested and used this product yet, but I have high hopes in that it will help. I have a few weeks before I can really test how well this works in addition to other detox methods and changes in my diet and exercise routines. I took a chance on this product and hopefully it will help!Update 1013I wanted this product to work, in fact, I got the second bottle for free and took the pills for 2 weeks straight so I had really high hopes that it would work. I just tested myself before my real test tomorrow and my results are positive after having not smoked for over 2 weeks and then using these pills for the last 2 weeks straight. The bottle claims to work within a week and it hasn't worked for me for 2 weeks of use. Just disappointed that I wasted my time and money taking 6 pills a day for 2 weeks. Guess I'm going with my last resort which was an additional detox drink before my real test. Hopefully that will work. Don't bother with this, if it doesn't work for me in 2 weeks I can't understand how some people got results in 1. Such a let down
No complaints at all about these probiotics. The potency is very good, with each capsule providing 25 billion CFUs (the recommended dosage is 2 caps per day for a total of 50 billion CFUs). The strain diversity is excellent, with a total of 14 strains. The strains are identified, but the specific concentration of each is not. It also includes a small amount (5mg per capsule) of a prebiotic (FOS) to help with probiotic establishment. The bottle I received in May 2021 has an expiration date of July 2022.It hits the mark for both potency and strain diversity, and the price for a 60 capsule bottle is quite reasonable. Performance has been very good for me, and I've not had any stomach issues (such as gas or bloating) when taking them before a meal. Very pleased, and a solid 5 stars.
These are very nice essential oil roll-ons. You get a total of 4 different blends in this little relaxation kits. The tranquility  blend is a mix of vetiver, cedarwood and chamomile. It is a very nice woodsy aroma that smells great. The piece out blend is a mi of lavender, orange and bergamot, probably my favorite. It is a beautiful blend that is just perfect to apply before you head to bed. Tension is a blend that contains peppermint and wintergreen and to be honest I am not a huge fan to that one, mostly because I am rather sensitive to mind. Ache is the last one and contains Arnica and Frankincense to help with inflammation bruising and sprains. That one smells a bit rougher but it is supposed to help with inflammation and does seem to help maybe a little bit.That one is applied directly to the affected area while tension is applied best to the temples since it helps with headaches a little bit. The other two can be applied to the temples or pulse points to distribute their effects. These are easy to apply and use. Their scents are pretty mild and sadly do fade fairly quickly all considering. I like that they come in these easy little applicator roll-ons that are easy to bring along really. All in all nice little set that also makes for a good gift.
This supplement has a lot of very good ingredients. The dosage per day is two pills. They don't have a horrible smell, BUT...These are SO BIG!!  I have trouble swallowing pills at all, and the big ones are a struggle, if they even go down.I looked at the ingredients list. Everything is good, but honestly, I'd buy this supplement IF they just put the bottom half of the list in them. The top half can be had in so many multi vitamins that already exist. No need to duplicate those, when it is the bottom of the list I'd be interested in the most. The subsequent pill could then be smaller as well.Overall, not bad, but not worth it for a one-month supply that mostly duplicates a decent multivitamin.
Calsules were easy to swallow and no bad taste to the capsules
Works but loses shape quickly.
not sure if this is working but it is plugged in next to the bed. I guess it is mental. The big one we got for the room works for sure.
This is easy to adjust and fits pretty well. It definitely helps my posture immensely. They even sent a resistance band and link to exercises which was nice.
I love Derma Nu products in general and I have used many of their items. This toner is no exception to their quality products. First of all, it smells divine. A very soft natural rose smell;not in the old fashioned sense but soft and natural. It is more like a fresh blossom on the vine. It is very gentle to the skin and works well to cleanse as well as tone the skin when just sprayed lightly over your skin.I would highly recommend this toner especially if you have dry or sensitive skin. It's really a perfect toner for these skin types. I have used everything from high end to drug store and I have found Derma Nu products to be among the very best available and they are also very affordable here on Amazon. I hope this helps :)If this review is helpful to you, please click yes so it can be helpful to others as well. Thank you so much for reading!
My honey's 40th birthday is coming up and I can't wait to put this on the roller for his birthday.  The images on it are vibrant and easily visible just like pictured here.  It's going to be great and a funny start to his day.
I like keeping these in the office for those mid afternoon hunger cravings.
I have reordered this and also ordered other products from this company. Great quality
Beautiful color and sweet scented soap.  I love the horse in motion that they captured in making this.
Nice bag for walker. Mother in law loves it. Well made.
We bought these and a couple other types. By far these are the best. In others the inner lining was too lose after the first wash to breath easily. These are very soft material but also thick enough to wear for the pandemic. My son is a smaller 6 year old and it’s a tiny bit lose by his cheeks but otherwise fits well.
I originally gave this a 3 star review because I thought it was too heavy - and I ordered a buckwheat & rice wrap -- although this is heavier than the other one,  the reality is that compariatively they are very close.... I guess when shoulders are sore they are more sensitive - I find myself reaching for this one because of the cape-like design - it distributes the heat where I need it.  I'm giving it 5 stars although if there was a 4.5 option I'd probably pick that - I wish there was a way to have the contents shift around less, maybe some internal sections, if that would work with also needing to shift the beads around when nuking them to distribute the heat - not sure if the physics of that but if a couple strategically placed compartments were possible, that would improve this.  I think the fill to internal space ratio is very good so don't add more beads, I like to nap with this and don't like to nap with the buckwheat one because it is too thick and won't flatten outbelow is original for referenceVery Very Heavy -- this is much heavier than I realized even though I read the other comments.  It's really too heavy for me.  I'm going to keep it as it is as advertised, at least I think so, I didn't think it held heat as long as they said but I only nuked it for the 1 minute.  I will use it sometimes but will need to be careful with it and only use it for short period of time because of the amount of compression the weight puts on my shoulder.  I'm using it because of an issue in an arm that is affecting shoulders and I want my lymph fluid to flow freely.  I am going to need to purchase something else lighter - maybe the buckwheat filled warmer like I was originally looking for.
Liked this powder.  It is as described & arrived on time.
Terrible. I have size 12 feet. These inserts were at least 4 sizes to small. They were also paper thin. Spend the extra money for Odoreaters or comparable.
This product is amazing for cleaning the boat. It gets off any pesky spots and makes getting those tough spots clean a breeze. We will never use anything else.
The Mountain Falls Ultra Sunscreen is a very affordable alternative to the big name brand sunscreens. The first thing I noticed about this sunscreen, is that the scent is pretty mild. It does have the typical smell that goes along with products containing sunscreen, but it's not very strong at all. In fact, it's barely noticeable when you first open the lid of it. It absorbs pretty quickly into the skin and doesn't leave any greasiness behind. It seems to do a good job of protecting, as long as you remember to reapply it regularly.  Every year, I cringe at the prices of sunscreen out there. This is a non-cringe worthy, comparable product.
Perfect for our at home tanning bed in our Cleveland Browns basement!
My wife said it smells like &#34;old man.&#34;  Not a great fragrance and rather strong.  But good at preventing body odor.
They do the trick.
it makes good shakes and love the fact I can put my pills and protein powder in their too .shaker is super useful, good size and you can bring in it everything you need for your before and after workout.. the word can wash of the bottle
I am very impressed with the quality of these bags.  They are at the same level as Hallmark and for a much lower price.  Several of the bags have a 3 dimensional aspect to them.  They have a nice ribbon handle and attached gift tag as well.
Removes all kinds of organic stains, good for cradle to old age. I don't mean the product is organic just that it removes non chemical stains.
These are wonderful trash bags!  They have a rubbery feel to them and are very stretchy.  They easily fit over our standard size kitchen garbage can with no fighting necessary to get it stretched over the top rims.  They don't come with wire ties and aren't designed with flaps to tie so if you over fill it you really have to mash the trash down to get enough bag to tie together or buy some wire ties separately.
I was really glad it was already assembled. I'm glad I got the wood instead of the plastic. It is well made and should last for a long time. I thought it would take a while for my body to adjust to the positioning of the legs, but to my surprise it worked just like the said it would. I'm thinking about purchasing one for my mom. The real trial will come if I have problems going. I'm glad I got it.
Does the job it's supposed to do. Good purchase!  Wish the handle was a little bit longer.
Great product. No complaints.
I use this to teach patients how to do self mobs and send it home with them. Works great. Wide band and string claspe.
This tool works amazingly.  I am a diabetic & this works perfect to remove all the dried skin that can cause infections on my feet.  The speed is very appropriate.  Easily cleaned.  Speed is very consistent with it being electrical which I prefer.
Terrific product at a great price.  Large spray bottle does a great job on all my glasses, including my new titanium carbon glasses.  Received on time and very well packages.
Bought this from Granddaughter's Baby Shower Registry. This is what I used for all my children's laundry MANY years ago. So glad to see it's still around :-)  It's perfect for baby's delicate skin, is hypoallergenic.
Love the variety.  Little large but good.
I have been looking for a nicer and easier alternative for a travel toothbrush and this fits the bill. It comes with an extra toothbrush head which makes it even more convenient for travel when it is both my husband and myself. The silver case is a nice touch too. There are alternate colors available if silver isn't your thing. The bristles on the toothbrush are soft and gentle on the gums. All you have to do is carefully fill the toothpaste area and you are done! There is a small hole in the middle of the bristles that lets the toothpaste out. I appreciate that there is a cleaning stick so I can remove any residual toothpaste if I am not going to use it for awhile.I did receive this product for free, but my reviews are always honest.
Very practical
Savory chicken tasted awful..and to top it off product couldn’t be returned.  BIG ripoff!
There are 12 individually wrapped smal bath bombs in this set. The fragrances are, orange, lavender, frankincense, rosemary, mint, lemongrass, vanilla, seasalt, kiwi, rose, coconut, and papaya.I tried the papaya. When it was first plunged into the water (see video) there was fizz and no suds. Before I could even put the foot bath onto the floor to bathe my feet, the entire bomb fizzed out and dissolved into tang colored water less than 30 seconds later (see photo). Also, the fragrance was hardly detectable even though they smell good in the package.Since I personally do not like the color rings caused by bath bombs in my bath, I used this in a foot bath. The water turned an orange color and that color adhered to my skin and stained my towels but did not stain my foot bath.In summary, these bombs perform terribly, are staining, and are barely fragrant in the bath. The current price of $19.99 is expensive but still competitively priced for this as it comes to $1.67 per bath bomb, which is about what I would expect to pay for bombs of this size. However, at that price, I also expect these to perform and they do not. These are super lackluster and an utter disappointment. I am surprised others rated this 4 or 5 stars. I doubt the other reviewers even tried this in the bath. In the box they look impressive but If they had used at least one, they most likely would not be so impressed.
I got some of this at an online naturalorganic foods shop, and, unlike every other kind of untraditional noodle I have ever cooked, my husband and son both ate this and liked it. I had made pasta with garlic and cheese for me, and they ate my snack.It's good. The noodles are thin, and the texture is nice. They taste good, and they take the flavor of the sauce you use, but they don't become the flavor of the sauce the way, say, shiritaki noodles do.Four servings to a bag, and when they cook up, there's a lot. Tons of fiber in these as well (11gserving, I think).
Overall for $11 is okay.We didn’t use the adhesive that comes with it because it was obvious it was not going to work so we use normal double side tape 3MMFaster and less complicated.
I like the style of KF94 masks, they fit my face the best and are comfortable for me to wear all day, if necessary. These masks are made in China. They are individually wrapped in plastic bags, which I prefer. I keep backup masks in my car and bag, and this way I know the masks are clean until I need to use one.These masks have smaller ear loops than other KF94 masks I have used. For me, the smaller ear loops are good -- I have a petite face, and the small ear loops help me get a tight fit over my cheeks and chin. If you have a larger face, the small ear loops might not be a positive.The masks have the expected nose clip, but above the nose clip, the masks have a V-shaped cutout. In theory, the V-shaped cutout should help the top of the mask fit better against the sides of your nose, since it’s not a straight line like most masks. But for me, the sides of the cutout stand away from my nose, so they’re right at the bottom of my view. And I worry they are a spot for air to slide in and out of the mask, since they aren’t tight against my face.
Helped with recent surgery. Works as expected
I first learned of DMSO from our teenage son's college running coach.  As an athlete who runs over 100 miles a week, our kid was frequently dealing with pains and injuries from his workouts.  When knee or ankle pain didn't ease up after a few days (and serious injury had been ruled out by orthopedists), the trainers would break out the DMSO.Since then, I've used it on my own running-injured knee occasionally when the pain becomes too bad.  After applying, the area remains wet and a bit sticky for about 20-30 minutes (remember to wash your hands thoroughly after rubbing it in).  After this amount of time, you can wipe off any excess that hasn't been absorbed by your body.  During this time, the area usually becomes warm, a bit rosy, and itchy.  I also get a garlic taste in my mouth which is typical for most people.  For those people who use it frequently, their bodies can begin to emit a garlic-like odor in their sweat.DMSO is a by-product of paper making and is primarily used as an industrial solvent for herbicides, fungicides, antibiotics, and plant hormones.  It's had experimental use orally as treatment for certain types of cancer.  At this time, it does NOT have the approval of the FDA for use on humans other than as a specific physician-prescribed treatment for bladder disordercancer.  It is FDA approved for use on horses and dogs, and is widely used in that industry.It's important to note that the face and neck are more sensitive to DMSO and no higher concentrations than 50% should ever be applied there.  Also, when applying DMSO to your skin, it's important that the skin is *totally* clean, dry, and unbroken because DMSO penetrates the body.  As it penetrates, DMSO can carry any chemical that has a molecular weight of up to 1,000 units right through the skin and into the body, into the blood stream, and even through the blood-brain barrier. It also leaves the skin more permeable than normal for a few hours. There is a possibility that chemicals such as the dye from clothing in contact with DMSO-treated skin could be accidentally passed through the skin and carried directly into the body.While I do generally experience pain relief when I use DMSO, I usually save it for when my knee is at its worst.
quit working after a few months. waste of money.
So much more comfortable than the elastic bands that hurt my ears after a lwhile
Nothing special. The pennant flag banner is see-through plastic and doesn’t look as nice as what’s in the picture.
The instructions were a bit sparse about how to set the range of motion limits, but I was able to figure it out in a minute or two.I ordered a medium (I'm size 9 men's) and it was too big.It's actually quite uncomfortable to walk in as the sole is very thick and my specific injury did not allow for the range of motion that would have made this comfortable.
This was from the second or third batch we purchased.  They work so well and are actually so comfortable we've occasionally forgotten to take them off!
I bought this because I have arthritis and my tailbone hurts after a short time in any chair. I was hoping for pressure relief, but this is so hard my backside hurts just the same. Also, it's very large. I was hoping that a pillow large enough to cover any chair would be a plus, but it has hard square sides that dig into my legs. And, it's too high. I find I can't sit all the way back in the chair and don't get any back support because of the size of this pillow.I'm glad I tried out the pillow so now I can stop thinking about buying the bed. Now, I have to figure out how to return this because it wasn't shipped from Amazon and I didn't keep the outer box.
Hilarious!  Great paper too!
Excellent quality Mesima, from an excellent company- bag comes full of product and is exceptional. I plan to encapsule mine or use some as tea, I have not yet run out of my other bag yet so I am taking that. I am taking for my brain tumor and seizures and to help slow the  process of my brain cancer or perhaps cure it, but as I have the type that always comes back is like to say that I’m probably going to be talking this and many other medicinal mushrooms for a while. Thank you for all your hard work for an amazing product.
Last summer we had a chance to travel to asia. I bought this product for my kid to use while we travel over there. It worked very good. It prevented the kid from mosquito bite. The smell was mild.
Great for travel, everyday use of medicationsWell made easy to use.
4.5 Bought these because all of the groomers were booked up for a long time after COVID closings. These arrived promptly within two days. They worked well on my little dog. It also came with extras: scissors, nail file. Great bargain.
Small leaves less mess but don’t do it drive you get headbox instead of razor bumps
Greatest pot holder ever!  Love the colors available.
Really? Are they kidding us? Okay, I had to admit that I got taken by the commercial. I never get taken (well, hardly ever Captain Corcoran liked to say) by these things. But I also have lots of &quot;scuff marks&quot; around the house, on walls, doors, railings, etc., plus oven gunk that needs to be cleaned off. It's that second part that really made me try this, since it talked about how great this works on stove tops and ovens. Yeah, right. The &quot;eraser&quot; is a flimsy sponge-like material, that does nothing. And unlike even the cheapest sponge, it does not hold up to even the most gentle rubbing on any surface. You are supposed to wet it, and then rub it on the stain, or dirt, or gunk. However, if you try that, even on a slick wall, it falls apart in your hands. It's like trying to clean your car's exterior with Kleenex! And even if you can rub it over a surface, gently, and keep it in one piece... it has absolutely no ability to clean! None! You would do better to spit on your fingers and rub them on the surface. And at least your fingers don't disintegrate, and you don't have to feel really stupid to have fallen for this con by &quot;Mr. Clean&quot; and thrown money down the drain. By the way, never let this go down the drain... since it clogs it! I used to love the Mr. Clean commercials as a little boy, and had a neighbor who looked just like the bold mascot... so when I'd go to the supermarket with my Mom, I always told her she should buy dome... but my Mom always laughed and told me that the product itself was totally useless. Yes, everyone... always listen to your mother. Stay away from this money wasting useless crap!
Ordered these crutches for my sister.She spent over 150.00 for crutches that where less quality which broke in little time.She is walking a little easier now and more they are comfortable for her arms.Thanks so much for not ripping people off with higher prices.
Love it but wish it had a suction to stick to the shower wall!
Didn't keep the smell at bay for long.
Been using for two weeks and haven't got anything to report yet. Will update after 30 days.
Gets the job done, but you have to use two at once to get any meaningful coverage.  I rather the company just make half and give us bigger sizes.
The Lemon Lime Sport Go Electrolyte powder is very high in carbs....36 of them in fact! For athletes, marathoners and long distance bikers, this is an excellent choice to rehydrate and get that extra burst of energy from carbs. For the rest of us who are not into sports, it works darn well when you have the flu or some other illness that depletes your hydration and energy. I generally will have my hubby get me Powerade, Gatorade or any of the other replenishing brands, when I am sick, not eating and having gastric issues. This could literally help you through the rough times. Same thing when you are out in the hot sun and need to keep hydrated. I am keeping this handy as one of my go to's when I am having issues.
The rolls are a bit smaller than you probably would expect. But the TP is just fine.
I like the creamy one better than the 'gel' one..  But - DMSO use has kept me knee bracesupport free every day (except for extreme hiking days) for the past close to 2 months!!!
I have a Medium size and love it on the plane.  My husband isn't as fond of it -- but then he doesn't like neck ties either!  I think it beats any pillow that wraps around your neck.
My Daughter Loves This
I had hoped for the outfit to fit more nicely then it did but its ok however not as good as it looks but fair for the price.
the worst razor I have ever tried. This unit would not cut peach fuzz. Would NEVER buy from this outfit again
I mostly got this because I wanted to remove the fuzz from my cheap (but sturdy) fleece leggings, and none of the attachments did the trick.  It worked well on my wool sweaters, though, so I'll keep it, but it's not a miracle cure for every fuzz or pill.
Exactly like the stuff I bought from my physical therapist's office. Works perfectly.
Ordered 60 count. Received 30 count. Should have ordered straight from granite supplements...
I love journaling and I am a stickler for paper feel. I was hoping the pages of this nicely bound hardcover journal would have a smoother and softer feel, but it is more like sketchbook or book paper with a rough and scratchy feel. It's just okay, but not my favorite.** If you found this review to be helpful at all, please take a moment and click the button below to let Amazon know. Thank you so much 😊 **
They're OK. I probably won't be buying anymore. They slide around and do not stay in place. Many many times I had to adjust the cloth in my underwear... so for heavy days these would be a disaster as the mess would slide all around too. The stains came out with washing, though I did have to scrub and scrub right away.
Cheaply made... Within 2 days it fell off ....
Didn't work on my teeth just made them sensitive
I was a little concerned when I first received this, as the powder alone does smell kind of funky. But I found that I was able to mix it in with my coffee or tea with no discernable tastesmell. I like that this contains a lot more diverse types of collagen than more normal collagen powder. I like that this product is sustainably sourced. And I really like that this brand takes a holistic approach to skincare that includes supplements, which I feel are so important. I've been using a few of their products now, for a couple of weeks, and feel like I am receiving the benefit of their synergistic approach.
I always sleep with a mask and I’ve had so many different stylesbrands. This is by far the most comfortable mask I’ve ever used! It’s soft and lightly padded which feels good on my eyes. And it has a little material that blocks out 100% of the light if its adjusted right. The best thing is the little metal buckle to adjust the strap isn’t right behind my ear which most masks it is and it hurts when I sleep on my side- this one is pain free and perfect! I’m tempted to order a couple more as backup for the day when I wear this one out!
These are worthless. They don’t fly at all and barely spin when an adult tries to make it spin so there’s little chance for a child to have any kind of fun with these.
Because of health issues I have to be very conscious of getting enough protein and THIS product is great to use in many ways. I have concocted a frozen mixture which I keep on hand at all times...this protein boosts the grams and also boosts the flavoring!! My favorite.
I like this Twix-flavored protein.  The collagen powder in this protein product really does help with the granularity, but it does mean that a blender rather than a fork or spoon is your mixing tool of choice.  It's very smooth when made, and it has a good enough flavor on it's own that you won't need to supplement your supplement drink with anything, but like most chocolate products, a little banana or peanut butter goes a long way towards making this more of a shake and less of a drink.No matter how you like it though, I think you'll find it's good.
This scale doesn't really work properly. it doesn't "lock on" the weight when it is done. I suppose I should send it back, but it's not worth the shipping money in order to get a new one.
They slip around on nose pad quite big
Very irritating to my scalp. Threw away
This is the best callus remover tool I have tried so far. It comes with a box of 80 sanding pads, and one pad can last several uses depending on what you have going on on the bottom of your feet. I tried it for the first time last night and my feet have never been softer. I have used chemical callus remover, I have a giant foot rasp that removes dead skin, I have the manual foot sanders; you name it, I've tried it.  But this thing beats all of them. My heels are currently just as soft as my toddler's feet and I'm 40 years old. The place where I get my pedicures done uses this tool as well, but they only use it on your feet for 5 seconds, slap some lotion on and they're done. I used it on thick problem areas for quite some time (with dry feet) and it really got it all off. It will stop if you press too hard but resumes as soon as you decrease that a little. Anyway, money well spent.
A great addition to almost any bakery mix. Especially good combined with Capella Popcorn.
Does just what it says it does. Love it. Gonna order another one right now.
Lots of fun!
Good fit !!
I had an expensive TENS unit the Dr prescribed via a medical supply company for years. I wasn't sure how well this would measure up after that one finally gave up after years and years of use but this one is AMAZING and even better!!
These are durable for moderate use. I use them for a variety of home use from cleaning to kitchen work. The only time I ever have issues with them is if it’s my fault. The sizing is perfect and what always works for me in other brands.
Daughter updated her room and these look great on her dresser!
Exactly as advertised.  Easy to use.  Works well.
This is the fourth product like this that I have tried. Two of them did nothing, one gave minimal positive results but this is amazing! I’m into my second order and each time I’ve taken it it has worked as advertised. I had to only give a five star rating but would like to give it a six because that’s what it’s given me.Will be buying more.
I have tried many Jojoba Oils and this one is bar far the best.  Helped with discoloration on my arm.  The packaging was very good and delivery was sooner than expected.  Have recommended this oil to my friends.
Eeasy to use. Tastes good and works great. Use it daily at work
I have been taking this religiously for more than a week and so far I have noticed that is may be the reason for my regularity being more reliable. I can’t speak towards the aiding with any weight loss as yet nor do I know what this products targeted time frame is. For the price, it truly does bring value towards aiding with my digestive system. I would consider it an added bonus if I can shed a pound or two as well. It has not caused me any new discomforts due to use so that is always a good thing. No side effects for me! As with all things, everyone’s body make up is different so just because it works for some doesn’t always guarantee the same results for all.
I’ve used the pour on version of this for several years on my gas commercial type stove.  This was after cleaning it by hand several times with everything else on the market and a straight razor blade to scrape off residue.  Then came Carbon Off!  It’s miraculous.  What used to take me hours now takes only minutes with some down time while it soaks.  My most important hint involves use of water. DONT!!!  Water deactivates the chemicals so if you put it on a a wet surface or start playing with it with a wet sponge, you’ve just stopped the cleaning power.  Found this the hard way.  I used to have to find a restaurant supply shop to buy it but now that it’s available on Amazon, it’s a no brained. Five star all the way!!!
This is so easy to use and great for keeping wet hair up and out of the way.
These came beautifully packaged and would make a great gift (send me some- really).  They are surprisingly large bath bombs and my bath felt really luxurious when using these.  I have sensitive skin and had no issues- probably the only downside was smelling great and having moisturized skin attracted some chiggers to my bare legs at the fair.  Lol. Seriously.  They were jacuzzi safe (no issues) and I definitely plan to use more of these bath bombs in the future. Five stars all the way!  Treat yourself!!!
I like the idea that it's natural, I'm able to stave off hunger with only 3 per day!! And I'm eating healthier!
I've been taking these for a few weeks now. The capsules are on the large size but easy to swallow with no odor. They are vegan caps and are very clean--by that I mean that they are not full of preservatives. They are made in the USA too.I see on the manufacturer page that it's stated that the product is tested for quality,  and I would like to see these NSF certified.
Works well. My dad was pleased.
Great price, perfect fit for all masks with filter inserts, best tyle and materials for extra protection. Highly recommend.
So easy and i love the catch basin that holds the remaining pill parts
This is great for those who can t bend over to put on shoes. The telescopic handle is great and locks in place so it won't fold up on you until you want it to
This is the second keychain in this style I have owned. I really prefer this one to my other. This one is made of neoprene type fabric, so it stretches better than the canvas type and puts less stress on the zipper. It comes with 8 58 dram amber vials with orifice reducers and lids, so you can fill them with your essential oils. About 30 drops of oil fit into each bottle. You can use smaller vials, as well. And I have found you can it a few even larger vials. (I have a few 0.12 oz amber bottles that fit in the four center slots.) You'll want label stickers, so you remember what you put in each bottle and those DO NOT come with the keychain. The pouch keeps the glass bottles safe and well protected. I definitely recommend this keychain for having oils on the go.
The three cuts start to tear away from each other after around 100-200 swings. Additionally there isn’t enough weight to properly keep the mat in place.Next time I’m just going to spend the money on a larger, heavier duty practice mat.
Smells yummy and I love the towel. Thank you!!!
I really like this. I'll buy it again when the time comes.
Ok product for covering eyes kind of small though.
Nice nail files.  They are really pretty.  It's kinda hard to tell which side is rough and which is fine.  But, they get the job done.
Passes the freeze test, so far so good but only a blood test will tell me how it actually works. Stay tuned for the results.
I use this product in everything from smoothies to oatmeal, to pumpkin custard for extra protein. I highly recommend the Paleo Egg White Protein.
I use Dial soap because it does the best job of fighting odor, particularly during the summer when it's so hot and humid in the South.  Leaves me feeling clean and fresh, rinses well, nice fragrance.  Really like the mountain fresh fragrance, but hard to find!
They last longer them most cr123 batteries.
Everyone loves it! I got it for my son's wheelchair, everyone sees it and want to try it. They all love it.Grateful, to get this one. Insurance is taking forever to get a new cushion. This is very nice and affordable.
Works great for legs too!
Perfect size for travel!
Fairly good case: sturdy, seems to be put together well.  Needs a little more headroom above the bottles for reference books, papers, etc.  I am always afraid my bottles will leak so do not use the handle.  Needs a handle to carry flat.
I am a certified aromatherapist and I really enjoy exposing these companies that are selling fraudulent essential oils.  First of all the price should give it away, Sandalwood is endangered now and in many countries you are strictly limited on harvest, hence why it's so pricey.The smell is hideous to me, it also failed the oil blot test I use to check essential oils from unknown brands.  The danger in using these oils is that because they are not sandalwood, you can't possible get the therapeutic benefits you would expect.  Many companies and now taking cheaper essential oils and combining them to smell like something else, others are just using chemicals, I don't know which category this falls into, but it is NOT sandalwood essential oil...walk away.
We do not have mosquitos here where I live, but we do get bites from chiggers, blister beetles, black ants, red ants, gnats, and spiders. I am especially prone to chigger bites and  was hoping this product would help with them since the itching is almost unbearable.  But it did not help at all with the chigger bites.  It does however help the itching with other insect bites.
I found this so hard for me to use maybe once I get use to it. It is hard to get my hair into the chamber and hard to let my hair out.
So far this is not working very well for me.  The wrap itself appears well made, is easy to put on and comfortable.  The instructions are awful and it takes a bit of time to figure out how to use it.  Apparently the manufacturerdistributor is aware of this and sent me an email informing me if it didn't work they would replace it.  So the question is what is it supposed to do.  Using the &#34;red&#34; setting for intensity and time and waiting for 15 minutes to warm up I could barely feel any heat, only slight warmth (not very therapeutic) over the course of 30 minutes or so.  Maybe for the price that's about all one should expect.  I'll be shopping for a better one.4118 Update.  After periodic use of the wrap I am changing my rating from two stars to four stars because after use I discovered the heat is adequate, although it could be a little hotter.  The major problem, as noted by others, is the control.  It remains unclear how to keep the wrap in the warmest (Red) mode, and as another reviewer noted you have to keep checking to make sure it hasn't switched to cooler (White or Blue) modes.  I suspect there may be a way to eliminate this problem but with such poor documentation it is impossible so far to keep it working correctly.  In summary, this is a nice well made wrap that attaches to the knee well.  If the cord was longer and the controls worked better this could be a very good wrap for applying heat to the knees.4818 Update.  After continued use I am changing my rating from 4 to 5 stars.  I have found that when tightly wrapped (which is easy to do because of the softness, flexibility and large velcro attachments) using the red setting (hottest) it heats to a very comfortable temperature. The setting controls could be improved or maybe better instructions should have been provided.  This is what I am now doing.  After pressing the large plastic square control button for a second or two, colortemp is selected. I press it when it lights red (this is the hottest setting; it also has two lower ones-white and blue).  After a few minutes the setting changes to a cooler (white or blue) color.  I then re-press the red and it stays at this settingtemp, until I turn it off.  It really works well, provides a very comfortable warm, pleasant temp and fits very well over the knee.area.
first it caught my eyes because the price range is attractive, but after use found out water leaks slowly from the side. Not sure if it is defect only from this particular product or in general. Otherwise the outlook is cute and we absolutely love it
These may work fine for you. For me, if I put a little too much tension on the strap attachment points they fold and release the mask.
This works great guides on without tugging and the color isn’t too dark. I cannot find this in the store, so happy to find it here.
this product did not work on anything I tried it on.
Let's just say....it work. For everything that Magnesium is needed for, it works. Especially since it's in a higher dose form. We're already all so deficient in it, might as well get a higher dose.
Frankly the price has kept me away from this purchase for years. Cant afford more than one....BUT put on the lamp we use the most, what a wonderful difference for arthritic fingers!  Now we can turn lamp onoff without pain.  So worth it.
Love this planter. I put it outside and attached it to my fence with zip ties. Dill and potatoes are thriving, even in the Texas heat.
This is a very nice (for the $$) shaver that has multiple functions.  The kit includes the following accessories:1. Rotary Nose Trimmer2. Eyebrow Trimmer & Comb3. Shaving Head4. Beard & Sideburns Trimmer & Guard5. Cleaning BrushAfter opening the box and reviewing the instructions, I tested each of the available accessories.  All work as expected.  My husband tested the nose hair trimmer and said it was effective and easy on the nose.  I was able to remove all of the pesky hairs on my chin using the shaver head and it was perfect - resulted in a smooth shave and no razor bumps.  The eyebrow comb was easy to use and did the job.  I definitely will use this when I am traveling as it is convenient and compact.  This will also make a great gift for others.  The heads are easy to remove - a counter clockwise twist and the accessories interchange.  The unit does not come with a AA battery.  Only one battery is required.  Overall, this shaver is a good buy.  The shaver seems to be made of quality materials and is perfect for those annoying hairs that seem to appear as you get older.
Helps with a callus that I have. Cushion works well. Doesn't slip around either,  easy to clean and very durable.
I generally like to use my bento box and glass containers, but I do like these Amazon Brand - Solimo Plastic Food Storage Containers with Lids. The feel of the storage container is comparable to brand name containers. The lid stays secure. They are a decent size. The plastic isn't 'bendy'. It can be re-used a few times. Even though it does indicate that it is BPA-free, I do like to stay to a limit on re-use and the container seems durable enough for at least 5 re-uses. I should also add that I generally do not re-heat in the container so if one re-heats on a separate plate (which I prefer), it extends the use. It is also has a pretty good price point in that it is around 90 cents per container. It is worth a look if you like containers like this style.
Works better than any other motion sickness medication. Always take on cruises.
These silk sleep masks are soft and stay on without being too tight. I only use a sleep mask when traveling, to help reduce light and to signal that I don't want to be disturbed.  I find these sleep masks to effectively block out the light.
I love this product, it works so quickly and it does a good job of removing wrinkles from my clothing which I never iron.
This set was adorable and perfect on my sister in law! The jeweled safety pin for the sash was just the sprinkle on top. So cute :)
This thing is horrible.  I can get over the fact that it didn't fit my hair dryer.  I had to cut it to get it over the dryer nozzle, but the dang think kept blowing off my head.  I had to sit the dryer on the arm of the chair so that I could hold the bonnet on.  Finally I gave up and tied a walmart bag around my head and cut a whole in for the dyer.  I played with this thing for over 30 minutes.  Since I cut it, I can't return it, but very disappointed.
I wear these at the gun range. They do OK.
Nice lumbar support for my Computer Chair!
Good simple designGood price
Since we installed Provenza oil finished floors I wanted to ensure that they were maintained the way the manufacture recommended. I use this product because that is what the manufacture recommends, but it is extremely pricy in my book.  The product separates quite a bit and yes, I know you are supposed to shake it, but at times I wish I had one of those paint can shaker machines to shake the product up.  I get a good workout with all the shaking required. :-) I'd like to find an alternative to the product.
Doesn't work. This product didn't help to extract any blackheads. I don't know if it's because my face is too oily but honestly this stuff is as effective as you doing a DIY egg white mask. STRAIGHT UP!!! No matter if I applied one layer or 5 it seemed as if it dried AROUND my pores and it was so liquid and drippy. It was basicall Elmer's Glue with black food coloring. That is what is smelled like and that is what it felt like. Save your money on this one folks!
My ice strap is for my back & it came with these small thin packs that look like those kids popsicles, most of them after about a years use busted & leaked. These are much thicker & hold their freeze point muuuuch longer. Great buy!
Used them as cake dowels as recommended by Sharon Zambito. They are so much easier to cut than wooden ones.
Put out a foggy cloud of albuterol,  you can see by my picture the medicine flows quickly and fine fine mist.I put in 2 double a batteries and it was ready to go. This will be so easy to take with me when I go on vacation, this handheld little machine makes me happy. The big nebulizer I have is such a pain to drag out and use. I will probably never use it again. This comes with a USB  cord so you can plug in if you dont have batteries.
This is a fun way to curl your eyelashes! Just be careful!
Who doesn’t love petroleum jelly!? It’s great for a number of things ;) this one works well, doesn’t have any smell which I like and is amazon brand. Great price on here I highly recommend
I bought these on a whim and took them as directed. Seemed to do the trick as far as a cleanse.
Great product, soft.
I have this a one star only because it didn’t catch all my sweat and I must have a weirdly shaped head because it never stayed on. I do think this a good concept just didn’t work for me.
These were the first LED lamps I've ever purchased.We have a ceiling fan in our family room and for some reason both filament bulbs and CFLs were burning out quickly (within 3 months) in one of the four sockets. This despite the fact that we don't use the fan all that much. Also, this particular fixture gets a lot of use in our home (the lights, not the fan). So if I could save energy on lighting this application struck me as an opportunity to achieve the greatest payback on the investment.These bulbs have a small footprint, not much bigger than a normal incandescent lamp. This was important because they had to fit inside the diffuser globes. Like most LED lamps they send most of the light out the top. In a ceiling fixture with four sockets this behavior is not at all objectionable; but might be a problem with a reading lamp or other single-bulb fixture.The four bulbs draw a lot less power yet throw noticeably more light than CFLs with the same lumen rating. In fact I'm getting a lot more light from these lamps than I expected to.All LED lamps are currently a little pricey, but these are a good deal for what they are, and they have held up well. So far, I'm very happy with them. As long as they continue to function they should pay for themselves in a couple of years.UPDATE FEB 2014:  In the last 8 months I've had no problems with these LED lamps burning out. I've never had that level of success with either filament lamps or with CFLs in this ceiling fan fixture. Just the fact that I don't have to get out a 6-foot step ladder every two months has me very happy with this product.
comfortable to wear with sandals
Two layers so it passes workplace requirements.
Very relaxing scent.  Plant Therapy is a quality brand.
Grandson loves dinosaurs and the bath bombs make bath time more fun and he gets a dinosaur prize,
I have high arches, but have some shoes without any sort of support, and so I find slipping in a support like this can help for long term wearing of super flat shoes. The appeal of these for me is that due to my high arches and the fact that these come with "height adjustment" padded pieces, I can be sure to create a level of fit and support that is good for my feet. These are cut to fit, and have additional padding pieces to make for better adjustment in fit, feel, and support. They fit well in shoes, sneakers, boots.. and do well staying in place. I will consider buying these again.
These are nice makeup removal pads. You get a jar with 70 of these pads that are soaked with the removal solution. And of course when you are done there is some of that solution on the bottom that you can use with regular cotton pads. These makeup pads are very nice and work well. The removal solution is very gentle, probably because it includes cica solution in it as well as some vitamins and other good ingredients.They smell very good and I found are gentle enough to use around the eyes. I had no issues removing foundation, lipsticks are eye makeup. All in all I am very happy with these. The price is rather reasonable too at $12 for 70 of these pads. I think these should be good for sensitive people except may the fragrance that is fairly strong but pleasant. But since these are gentle enough to use around the eyes they should be good for sensitive skin.
I got this to use instead of a regular bulb nasal aspirator. I thought I might have more luck with a different one. This worked ok. Not very impressed with its ability to remove mucus from my daughters nose. I feel like this wasnt much more effective than wiping her nose with a tissue because it doesnt go that much beyond the nostril.
It works alright if you use alot of soap. Without alot of soap it can drag and pull on the skin. It also doesn't make alot of bubbles which can matter to some people. The eye hoke makes it much easier to hold onto as when you use alot of soap it gets very slippery.
Used them at band rehearsal.  Wow, the sound was clear but at a reduced volume. So many plugs muffle or modulate the sound to the point where the music is not listenable. So far, these help to reduce the ringing in your ears. They also make a long stem version making it easier to remove. This version in not detectable,  very discrete. Go ahead, protect your ears!
It's not the same I used to use. Scent went from soft and baby powder to almost kind of rank or weird.  I feel like this is the new Coke ... They changed something that wasn't broken.  I won't launder anything in it except bath towels and bathmats now.  Very disappointed as I thought it would give clothes the soft scent that it always gave my daughter's clothes..  I'm just going to stick with tide free and clear even tho I was hoping for a little soft scented aroma therapy on pillowcases and sheets.
This stuff has been very helpful to me. I use it on psoriasis when nothing else helps, it calms the itch. I also use it on my boxer who has skin issues and ear problems. Since I bought this, I've only had her to the vet for an allergy shot once. I will definitely buy it again.
This works well with shoes that are a bit larger.  If you use this with a fitted shoe - the pressure is worse on the area.
This is a 8 ounce bag of powdered Amla (Amalaki). They included a 1 teaspoon plastic scoop in the resealable bag and suggest 1 scoop mixed into juice or smoothies. I've been using 12 tsp a day in my smoothies (using a different brand) for over a year. This Amla powder was what I was expecting in terms of what it looks and tastes like. It's USDA Certified Organic, Vegan, gluten-free & non-GMO. I'm pleased with this product.
I really like the Saturix 11x16 Prep & Spill Pads, as they lay on a surface very flat. I have tried household basics like paper towels, cotton shop towels and brown paper rolls but they all have a flaw that makes then difficult to use. When I am working with products, like prepping a model for a very clean mold, I cannot introduce lint, as I would with cotton towels. I have to be aware of chemical compatibilities, and paper towels usually contain clay for extra absorbancy and make dust. Brown paper slides on the surface, and does not always help with all spills. I felt like I had to choose the lesser of evils. These pads are exactly what I have been looking for, but simply did not know what they were called. I like the  polyethylene backing, which can hold up against mild solvents like isopropyl alcohol. I appreciate the company also features domestic contact information on the package. This is a good sign that customer service for questions and issues are more likely to be addressed. I hope my experience is helpful as you kindly will click the button below.
Bought these as a gift but was able to try them out. I think that it was weird but worth trying out.
Nice light scent for a relaxing bath after work.
I really like this eyelash curler... of course I wouldn't suggest using any eyelash curler after you have started applying mascara - I use this first and my eyes look more open and mascara added makes my eyes pop!
This was for a family member. He asked for more so that must mean he is happy.
Was so excited to receive my Eyelash Curler in roségold and that the gribs fo not have holes like a scissor. Also size looked more comfortable than the larger curlers....BUT so very disappointed. Product came in cheap plastic box that was part bend. When I eagerly unpacked my product I quickly realized that the high looking quality picture does not equal reality. The material looks poorhas spots like dents on supposed high polished roségold look. BUT far more important is that the actual curling area is completely crooked, lopsided. As a customer I don’t want to have to “fix” my product to be able to use it on my eyes and be satisfied with dented plastic looking like material. So very disappointed! In addition, this curler was $ 8,- +- and not the cheaper curler that one can buy in a local Supercenter in person for $ 2.76 and is of much higher quality and can actually be used properly. Again very disappointing, frustrating, and waste of time and money. Please see my pics
So, to start, I understand that isn't the most conventional use for the product but it really works! The first picture is the start of my shingles flare-up. My dad typically uses this product for joint pain but he suggested that I use this on the shingles. I got it quickly from Amazon and slathered a thick layer of the gel onto the painful, liquid filled blisters and bumps. I will admit that upon application it burns and tingles but not so bad that it's unbearable. After a few days the blisters started to dry out (a good thing for shingles because it means it's healing), and after about a week of application to the area the blisters dropped considerably in size and the bumps were almost completely gone. I will admit, as other have, that the only drawback I could see is that it is very drying. I noticed that the skin around the bumps and blisters got flakey and dried out. I wanted this product to dry the blisters so just be wary if you're using it for pain relief, etc.
This did things to an old rug I thought not remotely possible - including not animal related spots!  I extremely highly recommend,
This weighted pencil holder is not a bad product. The grip on it is large, so if your kid is more comfortable with a bigger pencil to grip, it's got that covered. The outer portion isn't squishy, it's sort of a sandy grip, which isn't a bad thing either. The trouble is that you need to attach this using a tiny allen wrench to tension the grip onto the pencil, which means that you have to have the wrench out EVERY TIME THE PENCIL NEEDS SHARPENING. My boys mash their pencils into the paper, resulting in many broken pencil tips. The allen wrench never gets put away, greatly increasing the likelihood that it'll be lost. There has to be a better way to make this grip adhere to the pencil, but other than that, it's a great device for helping kids that need this kind of aid.******BE ADVISED********This listing was not for the kit, I only purchase (as per the listing) the delux grip third from the top. It's a bit pricey for what you get, and I've found a better option, so you might want to see if you can find this locally so you can have a look at it before you buy.
This product helped me to have bowel movements without my stomach cramping up.
Only bug spray we will use! Keeps the bugs off us in the deep woods.
Love these containers!!Will buy them again for sure!!
I'm a big shopper of silly cheap gadgets and this seemed too good to be true.... but I gotta say it works!! made wiping down and cleaning my microwave much easier after using it!  Would suggest for anyone who's like me and forgets to clean the microwave often and finds an inch thick worth of gunk to clean off
I use this so I can hear my iphone ring over all the equipment running in my shop. works great, can be turned up to a very loud ear piercing setting. Just what I needed.
The beautiful aroma of roses stays on your mat- faintly, not overwhelming. Very easy to use, spray on cloth, wipe it down, let it dry.  All natural, which I love, and will not harm your mat!  A great product for your cherished Yoga mat  I would highly recommend this product.
Wow I like the colors and quality is good !!
No complaints about the formulation of this probiotic. It hits the mark for both potency (25 billion CFUs) and strain diversity (total of 10 strains: 8 Lactobacillus and 2 Bifidobacterium stains). The specific strains are listed on the bottle, but not the specific concentration of each.It delivers the 25 billion CFUs with a serving size of only 1 capsule (2 caps are the more common situation), making this bottle of 30 caps a month's supply.The downside is the price. There are a number of probiotic options that achieve the same (or sometimes better) potency and strain diversity at a far lower price for a month's supply.While the formulation is solid, the very high price puts my rating at 3 stars (average). Equally good options are available that are a much better value.
This was useful when I had it. Gave me an effective way of straigtening my hair without burning my skin off!! Lol heheh... Anyway, now I just don’t have as much of a problem with my hair being curly so I don’t need this as much. But I keep it in case I need to straighten my hair for an event or occasion bcs I don’t want to go back to normal straighteners. So glad this exists!
They are comfortable and fit well and good price.
Large enough for a few days worth of toileties. Dries quickly, zipper is excellent quality.
Received them today, my husband uses them everyday as he has had multiple back surgeries. His last one has lasted for a few yrs and is pretty worn out. Came on day as promised.
The herbal infusion’s strength killed any odor on the pad. Also, the remedy gave a cooling sensation. I would love to exclusively use this brand.
Makes granite looks good and very smooth after cleaning.
Great product.
I got these for my wife who said they cut like butter. No jagged edges. They cut smoothly and you barely have to press down on the lever. You’ll never buy the cheapo CVS Walmart ones again.Spending this much on nail clippers? You would be crazy NOT to! I don’t think we got fake ones. This is a high quality machine. I’m already ordering the bigger one
Not bad but I think being that my foot is small it rides up so I find myself pulling it down but when I do that it doesn’t cover my fore toe but I will continue to use it because i need to see if it works better, it’s only been 1 day, so I will update later.
I have trouble sleeping and magnesium seems to help. This package of individually packaged doses makes it easy to consume magnesium in a liquid versus tablet or capsule form. It has the potential to be more potent as it gets into your bloodstream more quickly. I also like the taste (a bit sweet).While I appreciate the convenience of having each dose pre-measured for me, the doses come in these small plastic vials. To get out the entire liquid, I found myself biting down on the plastic vial itself as if it were candy (and indeed, these vials remind me of the candy soda pop vials that kids swilled (by biting off the wax top and then drinking the sugary liquid inside). It's kind of wasteful but I can't deny they're convenient.Great for travel but not great for the environment.
I have about 4 different kinds of medicine and this is perfect. Before I bought this I would dig through my purse looking for different bottles, but now I just look for my little grey box and everything is right there. It has never come open on its own, which is also a plus.
Great Workout Capris.  There are a little thicker than expected and the material dries a little slower than other pairs I have in different brands but great for running.  Easy to move in these capris breathable material.  There is a lot of stretch to these.  If anyone is trying to figure out there proper size I am 5'10&#34; 162 lbs Waist: 32&#34; Hip: 39&#34;
You would think every pain relief cream is the same.  I guess that is what I thought, but I was wrong.  In the beginning, I would use BenGay.  You can get it at every store and it works.  I like the smell of pain relief creams.  The mentholy smell actually is relaxing in itself for me.  BenGay works for us.  But then, at the chiropractor, I started using BioFreeze.  I guess I should back up a little:My husband has scoliosis, so his back always hurts.  Personally, I have a neck injury (including a spur), a mid back injury from a car wreck, so I have a lot of scar tissue under my shoulder blades.  I have also just been diagnosed with arthritis in my foot.  I probably have it in my knees and elsewhere, going to a rhuemy in a few weeks.  Anyway...I guess what I am trying to say, we have pain.  We are both pretty active, don't like to take a lot of meds, but like most, do not like pain.  Who does?So, Biofreeze, I like BioFreeze, you can get it in a big pump bottle.  It is more of a gel and spreads okay, it just seems like I have to use a lot.  IcyHot, I had to buy that, we were running out of BioFreeze and the store didn't have BenGay.  IcyHot is 'okay'.  It is hard to spread and it seems like you have to use a lot of product.Now RELIEFOR.  I honestly like it.  I had a chance to try it for a discount in exchange for an honest review.  I am glad I did.  I like the consistency.  It is not a lotion, not a gel.  It is a light blue liquid cream and spreads so nicely.  I used it on my husband's back and it it spreads around so easy.  He said it didn't feel as 'hot&#34; as others he has tried, but I had also just given him an alcoholic beverage and he was feeling pretty relaxed.  --- Me...I tried it on my neck and shoulder, knee, and foot.  I like it.  It brought relief.  It brought warmth.  It was easy to put on and absorbed well and is non greasy.I would like to look and see if they carry bigger sizes.  I would buy this again.  It is probably my favorite out of all the creams I have tried.  Really!  So, I recommend trying it and seeing for yourself.
Loved the product. Just don't think I will order that particular size again. Too big ! The adhesion is fantastic.Much better than what came with the unit.
Husband likes these because the bristles are pretty stiff... he likes a nice, firm back scrubber.  They seem to hold up.  I will update should new info seem useful.
feels nice and blocks the light fits a little close to the eyeballs , but I am using nightly and I like it.
I bought this to try on nerve pain, particularly sciatic nerve pain. It has a nice creamy, moisturizing feel and is easily blendedabsorbed by the skin. Not a bad product, but in this application for this person it is not working to soothe the pain. We've used it over several weeks and it isn't dulling the nerve pain as well as a soaking bath with magnesium salts does in this case. Tried it for muscular pain and it seems to do ok. For the price, for our needs; I would buy magnesium salts and soak in the tub instead. Great shippingfulfillment of the order; seller is great.
Thick and comfortable when they come out of the package.  I use mine in a medical boot because it is so hot and the inserts are flat with no cushion (and I doubled up) after 2 days.
just like going to the hygienist 😁
I'm very happy with this spray cleaner.  It smells great and not sticky.  I would try other &#34;flavors&#34; when I run out of peppermint.
Excellent product, give me a great workout, have no regrets
for the price, it's good.  One thing though..  depending where I moved it on the kitchen floor (or bathroom floor) it was off consistently by 2 pounds up or down.  Which means it's the floor, not the scale  For example, it would say 128 or 130 but nothing in between and not all over the place. When I was weighed at the doctor office, it was consistent.
I'm never disappointed by this brand, which makes great Gua Sha stones. This pink rose quartz is well packaged and the stone is smooth and polished. It's great for using against your skin and a number of Youtube videos show you how to do it. It's a no-frills package but the quality of the stone makes up for it.
Never seen a product dispense Medicine like this. Turn knob and medicine comes out. Besides that, it works !! I use it for back pain, and on the soles of my feet for neuropathy.
These did help somewhat for dry eye, but not enough for the price.
Along with the fact that these are wonderful at keeping the bloating away, they capsule size is also medium so they are easy to swallow.  Some capsules are so huge I cannot take them, but these are average size.  Great product!
My bottle arrived without a lid. Pretty unhappy about that because now I can’t carry it with me in my bag due to it possible getting the spray nozzle knocked off or broke or causing it to leak. The product works but I don’t understand how it could be shipped just thrown into a bubble mailer with no lid and nothing to keep it from leaking.
Doesn't smell like lemon essential oil at all to me. Smells very fake. I think I should have been wary to buy such a large bottle for such an inexpensive price.
I love the product and wish I could buy more.
I didn't know how much dead skin I had until I used it so much dead skin came out, and easily. After a few minutes it was like I have new feet.I didn't try the nail part completely yet but I did polish the nails and they came out great :)This is a great buy
Accurate and idiot-proof.  We’d been trying to be able to weigh my quadriplegic husband—short of taking him and his wheelchair to our veterinarian and weighing him on THEIR scale—and this is the perfect and simple solution.
Issue #1.  I couldn't hold it down.  It was nauseating. Not bad taste, just made me feel sick.Issue #2.  There is no scoop.  Pro tip: it calls for 29 grams. A tablespoon is 15 grams.  Two tablespoons is close enough.Issue #3.  The safety seal was open.  If it came from anyone other than Amazon, it would have gone straight to the garbage.Issue #4.  It clumps and does not dissolve well at all.It tastes good.  That's about it.Basic nutritional information (and I'm going to run a side-by-side with Muscle Milk  and Muscle Milk Light for comparison):115 calories (MM 170; Light 90)2 g fat (MM 9; Light 2.5)1 g saturated fat (MM 2; Light 0.5)45 mg cholesterol (MM 10; Light 5)4 g carbs (MM 8; Light 4)21 g protein (MM 18; Light 14)15% at 140 mg calcium (8 Light 15%)8% at 290 mg potassium (21%; Light 2%)Allergy warnings:MilkSoy (though not soy protein)EggWheatTree Nuts
Vegetable glycerin used in food applications is USP grade or over 99% pure and has a sweet taste. Vegetable glycerin metabolizes differently than sugar and is used in low carbohydrate foods for sweetness and moisture. Unlike sugar, glycerin does not contribute to tooth decay.Many household products, including lotions, shampoo, and toothpaste, contain vegetable glycerin. Glycerin is added to these products because it is a humectant; a substance that attracts moisture to the skin. In the cosmetic world, this has two practical applications. First, glycerin leaves your skin hydrated. Glycerin soap, for example, is popular for that very reason. Second, for cosmetic products that deliver an active ingredient, a humectant can increase the solubility of the active ingredient, making it more easily absorbed by the skin.I personally use this glycerin to make my own soap. I love it!I also love the price. I will be buying again and again.
I heard of sea moss awhile ago and been searching for them in supermarket but no luck at all. Therefore I turned to amazon and surprisingly this particular brand has many 5 star reviews so I went ahead and bought this.It look genuine and promising from the packaging. Upon opening the bag, I found bits and pieces of things that were confusing at first. That was only a tiny bit of the sea moss I took out from the bag.I did a little research and read all of the question and answers on the amazon page regarding this product. The seller mentioned that this sea moss originate from Indonesia (previous edited from Philippines)The colorful threads and strings are plastic. It is not surprising at all if these sea moss were farmed near textile factories. These very thin plastic threads are made from melting of plastic and making them into fine threads and then into clothing. The finer transparent plastic threads clings to the sea moss for their life. It is almost impossible to get rid of every single piece. You will see what I mean if you soak it.Also on the packaging ITSELF located on the back states ****** &#34;CAL PROP 65 WARNING&#34;. This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.*****This indication is NOT pointing to sea moss causing cancer BUT The substance that is in the sea moss that comes from waste and heavily polluted areas. I have am pointing out what is clearly stated. I LOVE sea moss but this particular brand contains dangerous chemicals that causes cancer. It horrifies me even further because Indonesia is no where near safe from the FUKUSHIMA spill. All of the area of the Pacific ocean contain high level of radiation due to the spill. Sea plants are highly sensitive and will absorb these radiation. That's why sea food from the Pacific ocean are much cheaper compare to the Atlantic.As always do your research and watch out! Better safe than sorry!
I love the fresh air smell.
Wonderful blocking mats. Thicker than usual and very sturdy.  Should last me many years.  I'm very satisfied.  They got here super fast too!
I bought several of these to have our crew test them out, and they are indeed the genuine article for a few dollars less than our regular supplier (plus they come in a nice case). Once opened, and unfurled, I couldn't tell them apart from our first batch of authentic bandages.  They are well manufactured, and work exactly as they should in our numerous drills.  When we need more for our trauma & first aid kits, we'll be sure to stock these.
I was surprised how well this cleaned.  Removed grease  from places I had trouble with before. Would love if it was a little larger, still, works wonders if you add a bit of cleaner or viviparous to sponge.  If you have reactions to cleanser because of odor or chemicals this is a must have.
I use this for keeping dust out of my nose when I change the catbox. I've no idea how effective it is on a scientific level, but it decreases the irritation a lot. I preferred this to disposable masks since I have enough trash as it is.
What’s better than a piña colada? A piña colada the packs a powerful protein punch! I definitely give this drink mix five stars for flavor. It doesn’t taste at all like traditional whey protein powder, it seriously does just taste like you’re drinking a piña colada. Blend  it with some ice and coconut milk and you are good to go. Before ordering it, I scoured the product information page but I couldn’t find a list of ingredients listing the sweetener. I am fairly particular about what sweeteners I use, but decided to take a chance, since I love Piña colada, even though I didn’t see where the sweetener was listed. I was disappointed when it arrived and saw that uses sucralose, which tends to make me feel sick. I will probably not be finishing this due to that fact, despite the delicious flavor. The “Ingredients” List on the Amazon page literally just says “Whey protein isolate.” This should definitely be updated, so that people can make an informed decision about what they’re putting into their bodies. If you don’t mind sucralose, this is a delicious protein powder for sure.
Great for travel
Fits ok? It feels a little big for me but to use it in the house I have no issues. The shoes come with a shoelace that can be adjusted with a cord lock and that help with the size issue. The battery? It’s very easy to place the battery inside the shoe pocket and secured it with the zipper. It’s comfortable? Yes, a bit but still have the feeling the shoe is a little bit big for me. How about the Heat? The heat did not felt that strong just enough to warm your feet. I guess that’s a good thing to avoid sweat in this type of shoe. The material? Looks ok but is not waterproof at all that’s what I mention about interior shoes. The shoe feel soft in the inside and kinda wabbly in the back of the shoes. In general I like this shoes to chill in the house but I wish the heat was a bit stronger.
This is the best of the critter chasers I have tried here. Easier to install and seem to be louder. Extra star: come with documentation for maintenance and battery replacement. Waiting to see how long the rechargeable batteries last. This is my second purchase of this set.
These must have come from a bad batch. I bought these to replacer previously purchased refills that weren't working. The spray is coming out of the bottom of the head of the spray can and filling up the holder, not spraying out into the air. This is a manufacturing issue and poor quality control.
feels very supporting on my foot
Love these socks,they really work good . I ware them doing the day around the house
Have tried several arch support brands & this one seems to be the only one that actually provides (4cm) stablizing reinforcement to my high arches . Have re-occuring plantar faciatis & these help stabilize my arches to help reduce pain.  Formed plastic EVA doesn't deform when standingwalking to provide consistent support.
product as stated.
When my baby is congested I rub this on her feet and the next morning she is all better!
DOESN'T CLEAN ......TRY OUNCES ,OUNCES.... THEN THE REST OF BOTTLE
Very cumbersome to use. Didn’t see any difference in curl. A manual crimping curler works far better. Not sure why I was asked drying power and flavor?! 😂
I have a Quip toothbrush that I have used for travel for the last couple of years.  I don't think it cleans that well, it only has one speed, but you can replace the battery easily.  This Sonic Toothbrush will replace it completely!  The HIEIE has 5 different modes and 3 speeds, claims to run 30 days on one charge, has a nice carrying case, AND really cleans my teeth.  I can tell a big difference when I use it from my Oral-B toothbrush, gums feel like they have been worked over and the teeth feel cleaner.  Can't wait for my next dentist appointment to see if it really helps as much as it feels like it does.One star off easy of use for no instructions in the package and that the charging base doesn't fit in the travel case.  Note that the charging base is tiny, very easy to place.  Doesn't come with USB charging block, does come with the USB cable.  Since everyone has too many USB charging blocks I don't see that as a negative.
Bulky and too thick.
Capella Flavor Drops Gingerbread Concentrate-For  a flavoring it taste so-so.  Has a slightly artificial under taste.  Nice smell. I added to my coffee and food. It sort of tastes like it has ginger in it but only semi-convincing. Weak flavor.  Not terrible but not good.  Bitter is not the problem.  Ginger tends to be a little bitter but the flavor is not balanced properly.  Will finish bottle because it not it's awful but will not buy again.
It’s ok. I use it for my injuries in the shower. I need something a little more rough. This is nice to keep your skin soft with daily use. I rinse off with cold water to prevent a rash, but using anything with friction on the skin can cause irritation.
I guess the only product I have in my history of teeth whitening is Crest strips. These do not truly compare to them. These did not cling as well to my teeth as the Crestdo (I had to keep readjusting to assure they would stay in place). As far as actual whitening, I did see a slight improvement in the whiteness of my teeth. The big plus here is that these are about 12 the price of Crest. So, if you are looking to save some money, these might be great for you.
I love the premise of this; vitamins to help you feel good during practice and contribute to keeping you fit and limber. This line has such a wonderful array of products and this is no exception. I've only been taking them for a few days but so far I like them a lot and recommend giving them a try.
This is an okay straightener and curler. I personally did not find it better than the one I have been using. I think my granddaughter took it home with her and she has been using it just fine. She has a thick head of hair but the strands are fine like mine, so it is easy to work with our hair
actually daughter loves it.
There are red lights around the entire inside of the collar and an infrared heat coil over the spine in the back segment of the collar. It's easy to open and slide around your neck (which I tend to do from the front or side, then rotate the collar into place) and then short-press the power button on the front outside of the collar to start it. You can long-press to stop it at any time or short-press to cycle through 3 heats levels. The red lights appear to have only one intensity (yes! I wouldn't want them to dim). Even the lowest heat (#1) is pretty toasty, and I'm a gal who normally runs infrared as hot as it goes. After about a minute, it's too hot to press directly against my neck, but the collar design allows me to shift it slightly back and it'll stay that way. Overall, I'm pleased. Most red light devices don't allow good coverage of the neck, but this one does.
This is one time I should have paid attention to other buyers reviews.  This is very unstable and words don't begin to describe how hard it was to put together.  Sadly, since this was made in China the cost was too high because we all know that the product cost very little for the company to have made and the markup to the consumer is a sin.
Product description was wrong, it said it was compatible with my brush but they weren't.
I loved how this made my skin feel after using. No unexpected reactions from my sensitive skin.
These were a literal life savor for my wedding. When I was breaking them in beforehand my heels kept popping up if I wasn't careful, but the day of I stuck these in and they where comfortable and kept my feet from popping out the entire night. This also involved me hiking all over gardens and climbing hills and rocky paths. I never once was concerned about losing a shoe and falling to my death. If you need that little something to keep your heels in place get these, they are perfect!
I bought these for my husband. He wears a mask as work and it was hurting his ears. These did the trick! He said it's just what he needed.
I like the mixture of ingredients incorporated into this product. The dose for one capsule seems rather low, so I have been taking two. I tend to have a sensitive stomach when it comes to taking pills. This formulation does not bother my stomach at all. Seems to be very gentle, which helps in compliance in taking these every day. I normally take a shot of ACV in a glass of water, and this is actually so much better. The other ingredients are great additions to help boost the affect of ACV. I seem to be in more control of my appetite lately, and I think that regular use of these pills have contributed to that. EVen so, taking ACV every day is beneficial to health.
Just what I was looking for.  The curling iron has several settings to control heat and time.  It is easy to use and the curls last.
Checked out on the tester as fully charged.
Our chiropractor sells these pillows at her office and had encouraged me to try one after I was treated for neck pain resulting from a whiplash injury.  This was over 10 years ago and it's the only pillow I will use.  I usually buy a 3 pack and replace my pillows in less than 2 years so this is an economical way to buy them.  When I purchased my first 3 pack I had my husband try one and he liked it as well.
One end is same as a people brush. The other end is smaller but not thinner. I use the small end.  Switched to my finger.
These are delicious and so flavorful!!  I was expecting a vinegary, hot sauce taste, these are not like that at all, they are great for dipping or adding flavor to anything
Exactly what I asked for in a timely manner.
These hair trimmers cut my hair very efficiently. They gave my hair a smooth and even trim. The motor proved very powerful and did not slow down at all. With a great battery life, and very sharp blades they surprisingly did not irritate my skin. These professional trimmers are much better than most any that I have ever used. They are a precision instrument and were well engineered. Great design and even better followthrough.
Good product, but on silver jewelry, use with caution.  I suggest testing a small area first.  Don't leave silver jewelry immersed longer than a couple of seconds.  Love it for sterling silver chains = quickly dip in and out.  I always rinse jewelry in water after dipping.
I had to have a handyman help me put this in the trap underneath the kitchen sink. I did notice that the sink drained faster and with less issues after having used the tablet.  It was less convenient than using a powder version but it did work.
Its a little stiff.
One of the best protein flavors I had! The other ones are better but this one is still pretty good!👍🏽
This is a really nice unit for back pain!  I was in a car accident a few years ago.  I’ve bought tons of back braces over the years, massage tools, and other items to help back pain.  I’d definitely put this in the top three of the items that have provided pain relief.It’s very easy to use.  Set the base up, put the device on top of it.  Then just turn it on.  I let it go on automatic mode and was happy with that.  My wife like the heat too.  Said it felt really good.We are very happy with this overall
This case is super attractive and holds a total 27 of my Vitamin E 2000 IU capsules. If I could remove the insert, it would hold a few more.LOVES- Love the the design and that there is a different embossing on the top and bottom so I can tell which end is up- Love that it is small enough to be portable- The clasp is super sturdy, so it will not come undone in my purseDISLIKES- I wish the insert were removableIn summary, this case is really sturdy and super attractive. It will only hold a few horse-sized pills but it is great for those who have smaller pills to carry. Also the clasp is very sturdy.  The current price of $9.99 is competitive for this.
I have been suffering a couple months with heel pain from plantar fasciitis.  I thought I'd give these a try and wow, I was surprised at how much they cut down on the pain.  I wish they came in a tighter and thicker version.
I like these, well packaged as well
Not as good as some of the others.
It says NO FISH BURPS, but I've been burping fish starting 30 minutes after I took it.  I won't buy these again, because their claims are just not true.
This was a gift for my boyfriend, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality! It's super convenient for both home use and travel. He mainly keeps it on his desk since that's usually where he is when it's time to take his medication. Then, when we go away, he just throws it in a backpack or toiletry bag. It takes up less space and looks nicer than those orange pharmacy bottles, and he never has to wonder if the lid is on correctly either. A small button on the front pops the lid right open, and pressing it back into place automatically closes it securely.The interior is divided into two compartments. They might be a bit small for extended trips, but a single side can hold enough of his prescription to last several weeks, so he generally uses the second side for something else when we travel. The amount of pills this box holds obviously depends on their size, but all of the medications we have at home fit well, including large OTC capsules and vitamins.Overall, this pillbox seems well-made and durable. It has a nice weight to it, and it's easy to clean. The image on top looks exactly as pictured. Except for a couple scuffs on the bottom, it's still in great condition and perfect working order after several months of consistent use. My boyfriend isn't exactly careful with it, so I'd say it's held up splendidly. I think it was well worth the price!
scratched the heck out of me
first container contained black small particlesa like it was previously opened.
These bars are amazing - low sugar - high protein - probiotics! Make you so full - sometimes I can't get through whole bar. Kids love this flavor too. Like this one better than almond one. Hard to find in stores - wish they sold them more places. Please carry through Whole Foods!
Good product.  Shipped quickly.  Thank you
THis is just a flat iron with teeth.  If you roll it on your hair it pulls and burns the hair that gets stuck.  I do not recommend.  It's a waste of money.  I am asking for my money back.
Moved a lot and did not feel helpful
Using hemp products is a bit of a crap shoot because you're never quite sure if the product is going to have any effect on your condition.  So I'm giving a (cautious) thumbs up for this because I've been using it with great success on an inflamed muscle in my leg.  I didn't expect it to work this well; I tried it because when I test a product I put it through all sorts of paces.What I found was that within about 5 minutes of application, the pain in my leg and backside had eased considerably.  It didn't go away entirely, that required the addition of some NSAIDs. But it did make the discomfort manageable, which is a blessing.  When I tried this as a sleep aid, it did nothing for me.  Results on a headache were mixed.  I will say that some advice I was given - always look for hemp products that are CO2 extracted - was good advice because I find such products to be across-the-boards more effective than any others.What can I take away from these experiments? Mostly what I take from most such experiments: We are all different, and products like this, which are created without set standards, will inevitably vary. So if this works for you, for some conditions, be glad, use it, you lucked out.  If it doesn't, hand it off to someone else who might have better luck, and try something else.
I love this product and it's great for so many ailments. It's definitely an acquired taste and it's not particularly cheap, but I think every household should have it in their medicine cabinet.
These bags are very strong and easy to see through. I'm using them to move and store belongings. They are easy to get off the roll. I bought another box to have on hand.
Not sure yet because I just put them on.
I have M.S. And am recovering from a multiply broken back.  I think I can honestly doubt I would have survived even this well without these to get me through the day when I have to be in a car, at home in bed, after therapy, and sitting for a few minutes in the sun for Vitamin D.
Came on time. Very useful in keeping counter top clean. Nice to have everything that goes in the dishwasher.
I believe turmeric is so good for your overall health. These capsules include gingers which are also great.
Read many reviews, all glowing and not one with my problem.  While putting it on the top gasket (the one with the hole) consistently popped out of the blue ring.  Rats, I was so looking forward to a first shower in nearly a week.  (I'm sure my wife was too.  Solution?  Easy, I made sure boot gasket was properly seated on the lower ring an put a band of surgical cloth tape over the boot gasket.  The carefully placed the top gasket centering it and press the top ring down all around. Now the gasket will not slip out and you're ready for your shower.
Great stuff! Works awesome on all baby, kid and adult stains. Formula, spit up, baby food and leaky diapers. Works better than any other stain remover I've tried!
Very strong energy from this. Amazing!
Leave this product in your shower. While the water is still running pour the oil onto your body and rub it in! Also pour some oil under your running bath water! This is my absolute go to oil!
Really tasty and high quality product.  Highly recommend.
I have been taking these daily for a month now and am pleased with the results. Good quality vitamin D3 at a fair price.
Needs reheating  Kind of too chewy but delish to keep in emergency
Arrived with one candle broken so returned the whole thing, do not know about the longevity.  It doesn’t smell that great unlit but not sure if it would smell better once you light it.
I used it for cleaning and it smells great and last long and cleans good.
These are great and well made. The material is sisal so it’s a little scratchy, but considering you’re using it to get clean it’s a plus. Similar to a loofa. The bags hold up in the washer too; I throw them in with my towels.
Works, bit the lock for mouth piece jet doesn't snap well.
Totally happy with it. Met my needs and expectations.
Poor cleaner, does not make me feel like the mat is clean after wiping down. Smells nice though.
These are very nicely padded, if you are like me and have a skinny arm, then they are loose and do slip down, but I prefer this to the really tight fit that cuts off circulation. I have washed once to check durability, air dry only and they are in great condition. I am happy enough and would buy again.
For the most part, the unit functions well.  However, the instructions are written in what appear to be 0.0000000000000001 font size.  In addition, the writer obviously spoke very poor English, and the instructions were not meant for this unit.  Not sure what moron thought this was a good idea, but they have no business writing an instruction manual.
I was quite surprised when I made my first smoothie using the smoothie blender bombs! Absolutely delicious, very filling  for half the day. Definitely would buy again. I purchased the peanut butter chocolate- yummy.
Needed this for my 32 oz bottle of Hibiclens!
I have used KT tape and Rock tape both are excellent but expensive I tried this brand but not again - I must be allergic to the adhesive it has torn my ankle up very itchy and irritated swollen and welts- not happy
Did not work at all. A waste of money really. I left it in a heel that annoyed me in one area to try and stretch it out, and I had it there for days. It did nothing.
Just what we needed!
This goat milk bath was so luxurious. I purchase the 2 piece sampler and used the lavendar & rose. It doesn't have overwhelming aroma (if you're concerned about clashing with your perfume). My skin gets dried out in the winter and this soak made my skin so soft and moisturized afterwards that I didn't even have to apply lotion. The product dissolves completely and the bath water turns milky which I think gives you the total spa experience. Love the Five Sisters products and look forward to trying any new items they might bring out!
Price is a little high
I appreciate that this Noni fruit powder is certified organic and non-GMO. It appears that the only ingredient is the Noni fruit. The powder does not have a strong taste, but I usually use it in a green drink or fruit smoothie. It stirs in fine. They include a small, plastic 2 g serving scoop (about a teaspoon). In this 8 ounce sized package, there are about 114 scoops, so the powder will last for a while. Seems to be a good quality product.
I suffered severe, chronic, constipation for 8 years going from Dr. to Dr..., was diagnosed with "Lazy Bowel Disease..." and tried everything imaginable to find relief, but found no cure. After having read about it from this link:[...]and tried it, I have not been constipated since. It took about a week of gradually increasing the dosage to take full effect, but to me, using this supplement has been like a medical miracle and I am very grateful &lt;3
I have sprayed my patio every day and the stray cat still comes and lays on it waiting for birds at my bird feeder.  Waste of Money.
I think this container of collagen is kind of pricey coming in at $39.98 (as of this review).  I've reviewed other high quality collagens that cost less and were also flavorless.  That said, I think this is a good collagen product for collagens I and III.  It dissolves well in liquids and has no taste that I can detect.  I've been taking collagen on a daily basis for about 8 months and have finally started to notice improvement in the skin on my arms and face.  It takes a long time to see results so consistency is needed.  My skin is a lot more flexible and plumper.
Feels flimsy and I’m afraid every time I step Down on it
This is my favorite go-to wild rice mix.One time, I couldn't find this brand in stock, so I got the 'Rice Select Rice Blend' instead.  Big mistake and big disappointment, as the first ingredient in the Rice Select blend was ....Texmati WHITE rice.
I do not know if has helped my joints or anything else people claim, but it maintains my cholesterol better than the fish pills.
These are really soft and easy to insert.  Much better than others I've used.  At this price, just buy em. . .
I'm a really big fan of Rez Block. Essentially, what happens is that when Rez Block is added to water, the water is then able to trap a lot of the resin that would normally accumulate in the piece of glassware OR end up in our lungs.You will want to change your water more frequently with Rez Block, as it fairly quickly shows just how much gunk it is stopping.
The girl loves bath bombs and is usually the only one who gets them. This set, I had her mom take with her and they get to share them. They love them. It is so nice to give a gift that someone absolutely loves.
This is exactly what I need. I need the extra protection against harsh chemicals in my work environment. It goes on soft and does not feel heavy or greasy. This size jar will last me quite a long time.
Loved these. I searched everywhere for birthday decorations that were fun and modern, and I bought several things from Ling' s. Everything arrived in great condition and quality. I would definitely use this manufacturer again
I'm a protein powder nut. I start off every day with a protein shake and I love trying new flavors and combinations of flavors to keep it from getting boring. Of all the proteins I've tried recently, this and the oatmeal cookie version from the same brand have been some of my favorites flavor wise! Oh. My. Word. Yum. I thought it would be like Nutela, but it actually has a bit of a nutty flavor along with the chocolate, which I really enjoyed. I seriously love the taste. It mixes smoothly and isn't gritty at all. My only complaint is that it's sweetened with sucralose. I'd prefer something a little more natural like stevia or monk fruit, but other than that, it's fantastic!
Bounty is about as good for a fraction of the price.
This device is awesome! It has allowed me to have mobility after footankle surgery. It can also be easily moved out of the way for another driver to use the car normally.By the way, I did not purchase it here. I RENTED it directly from the seller, which is a great option for those that only need it short term.
This has a great flavor. Works well
Too hot. And being tied to the USB... Insane.
Works well for massaging lotion or whatever cream you want to use.... I find the roller isn't as easy or feel as comfortable while using it.
This thermometer does not work. Took temperature today and it read 34.6 don’t think that is right at sll
I have this coffee recommended by Anthony Williams and I want to share this with my Mom and she she Loves it and I have reordered this Chicory Coffee 3 times already and she can't get enough.
These are well-made mop heads. The microfiber center had zero loose or puckered threads, and the density of the microfiber was nicely dense for good pick-up performance. The fringe around the edge is stitched on well, and also did not have any loose or pulled threads. They fit and work well with many platform mops provided that the mop has Velcro on the underside of the platform to grip the pad.These work very well when dry mopping. The microfiber picks up and holds an impressive amount of dust, pet hair and other similar gunk. The fringe around the edge makes it easy to clean right up to the baseboard or, if used in the kitchen, at the cabinet toe kick area. It also helps ensure that the mop doesn't mar any chair legs or furniture if it gets bumped while mopping.The performance is not as good as a wet mop due to the fringe. That's not a problem specific to these pads, but occurs with any pad that has an outer fringe. It's certainly useable and effective as a wet mop, but a non-fringe mop head usually performs better.The set comes incased in a sealed plastic pouch which keeps them nice and clean during transit, and can also be used to keep them clean in storage.A very good mop head - five stars.
Fits my Water furnace Series 7 perfectly. The MERV 11 is great for the area I live in.
This is a fantastic ice roller. It is just heavy enough to have a terrific feel in your hand. The weigh allows it to roll freely smoothly across whatever body part you are working it on. It stays cold long enough to do it's magic. And it's just plain wonderful that it came with a case! Storing it in the freezer is a breeze compared to other rollers that I have. The case makes all the difference in the world. The curve of the handle and the weight of the roller actually even made it a great roller for a back massage. I highly recommend this little device.
Excellent Product - I feel the benefits.
I am middle aged and unfortunately I think going through menopause. As a result, my hair is getting thin. Only time will tell if these are effective in terms of better hair, skin and nails.  Wellforia hair gummies will hopefully strengthen my hair giving me a head of healthy hair. The package contains 60 gummies. You take 2 per serving. (1 month supply). They are:1. Shaped like gummy bears.2. Tastes great (berry flavored).3. They are easy to chew. Not as firm as a gummy bear but not as soft as a Swedish fish.4. Contain biotin, retinol, folic acid, Vitamins A, C, D, And E.5. Affordable ($17 on Amazon).
Coconut oil is often a solid at room temperature (except during the hot months) so I was glad to see this oil available for review.  Our house is kind of cold and it has remained a nice, clear and easy to use liquid.  It's easy to pump out and apply.  I can't say it's the best moisturizer I've ever used because coconut oil is naturally a little dehydrating.  I still like it though and have been using this oil everyday after showering.  It does not smell like coconuts at all and has no scent that I can detect.
This thing destroyed a pair of pants. It also pulled places and added more pilling on a sweater.
My husband is a diabetic and he has a lot of nerve pain in his feet because of this. I purchased this for him to try because it is 100% pure, natural and herbal. He has been taking 2 capsules a day for a while now and he is starting to notice less burning and tingling in his feet.  This is allowing him to finally get a full nights sleep, before he was up walking the floor in pain for hours.  Hopefully with continued use his feet pain will go away all together. I  received this product at discount in exchange for an honest review
My 11 year old daughter got this bath bomb in her Christmas stocking and she loved it. She has used other bath bombs in the past and they were a bit of a let down so we weren’t expecting much. We were pleasantly surprised! It dissolved great, not too quickly, with lots of fizz and the color was a vibrant teal blue, just like in the pic. But the best part of this bath bomb is the fragrance! It’s called “Flower Bomb” and it’s described as smelling like “primrose”. I was dreading the smell because the scent of artificial floral beauty products is usually pretty awful, in my opinion. This bomb smelled so pretty! Not too strong or overly sweet. I’m super picky about smells and I loved it! I’d definitely buy this particular bomb again and it’s likely that I’d try others made by Da Bomb. Oh! And it came with the little flower eraser shown in the pic. So cute!
I LOVED this lip balm when I first started using it.  After daily use for two months, I'm having a terrible reaction.  The lip balm causes irritation, dry, throbbing and cracking lips.  There is also truth to the mold issue for this product.  Do your research.  I have an unopened 5 pack that I plan to return asap.  Do yourself a favor and don't use. I'm not sure how long it will take the negative affects to go away, but I've thrown all of my used items away.
They hold up well
I purchased this for my dad who has cancer and has issues standing in the shower. This seat fits his tub perfectly and has different levels the seat can sit so it can go higher or lower depending on preference. It has a soap holder too which is nice and a mesh bag. It's a must have for elderly or disabled people. It makes showering much easier because you can sit instead of standing
These glasses are great overall with one painful exception; the nose pads.  The pads themselves are the thinnest I've ever seen on glasses and provide very little cushioning.  To add to this flaw, the pad arms aren't able to support even the weight of the glasses and are always bending.  When the arms and pads are properly positioned, which is rare, these glasses feel uncomfortable on your nose.  They are always bending, though, and literally become little daggers cutting into the bridge of your nose.
Love this product.  I noticed a huge difference in my skin after using it for a while.
My feet thank you HoMedics
Whether you believe in the power of Chakras or not, this black Tourmaline Pyramid is an attractive piece to display on your table. It has the weight and heft of a paperweight, so I don't see any reason why it can't be used as such. It has a lot of sparkly stones on the inside with a crystal wrapped several times over with copper wire. The bottom has a copper wire as well, in a circle. I don't know that much about Chakras, but just looking at this beautiful item makes me feel calmer!
What a back saver .
Ordered this to help with removing old boat decals from 2010. What a waste of $$$. Figured at the price it should be fantastic. Lesson learned just because it cost five or six times more does not mean it works half as good as others. Also NO REFUNDS! They do not stand by their product. Use acetone or goo be gone and save your money. Sure wish I did!!!
I love these! Found them while traveling through Ireland and now cannot use anything else!
Junk! Arrived DOA!
Made very well. Helped with my pain.
Yes. I really like this product.
They work great. They're ear plugs. I got tired of using balled up Kleenex. The only issue is the vibration noise of the cord traveling into the ear canal when it moves around while trying to study.  I have used a pair of foam plugs from work that have a plastic cord and it's quieter.I like these, tho. I take the cord off to study for school. Doesn't matter as much if I'm doing yardwork or in a high noise environment.
Use this a few times a week on a bichon and it keeps her eyes bright and clean
Nobody to blame but myself, you get what you pay for.  I used this thing for just a few minutes before it had to come off and hasn't been used since.  Save your money & get something that is fully functional.
Not pure silicone! I have a corn intolerance (which is in everything!) Used these last night and woke up with swollen sinuses, itchy ears,  and I almost couldn't get the plugs out because my inner ear was swollen so bad. An hour later (after getting them out) and the swelling is going down. Don't get off you're sensitive to things. Thankfully I still had prednisone in my system from a shot 2 days ago.
I think it takes a while to seefeel the effects. my knees MAY be feeling a bit better. Rating may change as I use it longer.
These are easy to swallow and supplement our probiotics has helped maintain a healthier feel for both of us. These have helped maintain regularity as well as our overall energy levels. The ingredients seem to be in line with today’s more natural and organic solutions. As with all things, everyone should be mindful of your own unique digestive tolerances.
I have not used it yet, but it new and I should have no problems with it.  It was a good buy.  It really smells godd and it does work for the purpose it ws bought for,
I love these reading glasses. They are really comfortable and crystal clear. I wasn’t sure if I’d like the metal side or not, but they haven’t been a problem at all.
I have severe lower back issues. This provides great support both in my car seat and my chair.
I purchased this in July. It is now October, so I think that I have used it (off and on) long enough to give a review.I say off and on because I am not the most dedicated person in the world when it comes to dieting and taking vitamins and supplements. With that said, I am very pleased with this product. It does what it says, blocks the fat and carbs that you eat with your meals.  I warn you, that you WILL see the results of that in your bathroom breaks in 8-12 hours. You do become more &#34;regular&#34;, that's how I know it is working. I noticed that I do find myself adjusting my fat and carb intake depending on how often I have to go to the bathroom, so in that respect, the product is encouraging me to alter my eating habits. The bottle is 60 capsules, so if you take it diligently it should only last you about a month. But as I said, I'm not diligent so this bottle lasted me until now. I took maybe two capsules a day maybe twice a week (when I remember to).  Even then, I saw the results.  I have not lost much weight yet, but I haven't gained any either, and it is encouraging to know that I can continue to use this as a constant reminder to cut back on the chips and ice cream. (notice I didn't say CUT OUT chips and ice cream heehee!)
great for use on days you feel to loosen up after splurging on calories.
Larry uses this every night before bed. It says it keeps his feet from burning so he can sleep. Thanks
I’m a busy mom of two small children, which means I’m on my feet a lot pretty much all day. When I actually get a few minutes to myself, I’ve been really enjoying this foot massager! It has variable speeds and pressure as well as heat that really help my feet feel relaxed. I feel like it’s a little rough on my heels, and I wish I could turn that part off once it gets uncomfortable, but the disc that massages the arches and the balls of the feet feels good. The part that goes over your feet inflates to squeeze your feet kind of like a blood pressure cuff, and pushes your feet down onto the massager so you get a deep massage on the bottoms of your feet. It comes in a nice box, and would be a great gift.
This is SO easy to use and only takes a few minutes per batch. Very good quality colloidal silver produced. I highly recommend this silver generator.
Great back support for upper and lower good quality durable comfortable
Well I can honestly say these band aids don't work but they are good if you want to prevent itching the bite. Other than that they don't do anything. They do stay stuck for a couple of days even after a couple showers. I don't know if I will buy again.
As of this review I don't know how much these clean wipes costs.  I think they do a good job of cleaning and are about the same size as a full sized Kleenex but much stronger and can be used multiple times.  I think the idea is that they don't shed any fibers which is great for places where tiny fibers can interfere with sensitive equipment - electronics labs and the situations given on the product page.
Bought as a gift for my brother who rolls his own bagged tobacco. He was only able to use it for 3 months before it broke.
Have heard iffy reviews about ordering oils on line. Absolutely not true in this case. Product arrived well protected, and oil is amazing.
LOVE these bags! They're absolutely beautiful! I'm obsessed with anything holo and had to grab them and I'm glad I did! They're well made resealable bags that are very thick. Could be great for storing candy, snacks, various herbs, little parts, the sky is the limit! You can use a heat thing and seal the top up easily too. These things are just amazing!!
... does exactly what it’s supposed to do.
Easy to use and it really does squeeze all the dirty liquid from the pad so you're not mopping with a completely dirty pad.
I purchased this repellent for my infant because it didn't have deet (Eww, deet is smelly!). I absolutely HATE seeing mosquito bites on her, including her face!! I needed to get something gentle on her skin and face and as non smelly as possible. This stuff actually seems to be working and has not caused any irritation when lightly used on her face! We recently went for a walk in a different neighborhood from our own (to escape the buggies) and as soon as we got out of the car we were bombarded with mosquitoes! I quickly applied the repellent on the baby first and you could see the mosquitoes flying around her and the stroller, never landing on her skin.Smells good, and repels. I'd say it works!
I got the Fitbit Aria scale to pair with my Fitbit Charge and also link with MyFitnessPal, and in general just make my health journey a bit more streamline. And I must admit, it really does add value to that, compared to my non wi-fi digital scale that I used for years.The design is sleek and sexy (I got it in white) and is not an eyesore in my bathroom. The scale is very responsive, and seems to be quite accurate on weight and body fat. I love that it auto-syncs to my Fitbit and MyFitnessPal apps, so I don't need to worry about remember to manually enter it. I also like the feature that it can recognize up to 8 people. My bf uses it occasionally and it knows when it is me or him that steps in the scale. Overall, it is certainly overpriced for what it is, but if you can get over that, I think it's a fantastic and sleek fitness tool to have. If I didn't usehave a Fitbit Charge, I probably would not be able to justify purchasing this scale. But if you do, I think you will notice that it does add value to your fitness regimen.
I think they are smaller than average deodorant tubes and the lids are a little loose, but they work well.
The colors are soft, the paper absorbent and the overall feel is quality.  Really like this product and I believe you will too.
Recently someone sprayed our small office with a couple of squirts of the Glade ICY Evergreen Forest . It felt like Christmas. I was happy to find this spray available at Amazon. I also purchased the plug-in scent warmers.
Anti fog effectiveness is marginal and my glasses are now constantly smudged. Cleaning them multiple times a day hoping to totally get rid of this stuff.
My shibas love this toy and it can hold up to my pitbullsharpei mix’s chewing.  I love a toy that all 3 of my dogs can enjoy.  I’m not sure the “bristles” are doing much cleaning since they seem to prefer chewing on the hard plastic but any chewing is better than none.  Highly recommend this toy for chewers of all sizes!
And have loved it for years!! I keep this in the shower and when I am done, before toweling dry, I spray it all over. Esp on elbows, knees & feet. Then I towel dry.  Sometimes I'll spray a lil on my body when dry if I'm going for that soft, sexy, not too shiney look ;)  Awesome Product! Highly recommend!!
I don't know why the description says there's four - I received a three-pack of reading glasses with a prescription of +1.50 in the colors of blue, red, and brown. All of them are in the wayfarer style with half of the stems being a see-through plastic, which is a cool stylistic touch. Each pair of glasses comes with a matching foam case which makes it easy to identify which is which. The lenses are on the thin side but so far they seem durable. I like the fact that there are three so that if I lose one I can use the other two as backups.
I wear this ever night. I was taking 5 or more sleeping pills with no luck. By leaving this on, I feel well rested. There are nights I am awake while it is on but you will go in and out of conscienceness without recognizing. The night goes by in minutes but this is due to restlessness.
Love this file, hard to get in stores.
My kid did not appreciate flavor
My hair needs to get a little longer and I think this tool will work great.  My hair doesn't stay in it very well at its current length.
He did not measure properly it's too small but we're using it
This product I take at night to help me relax and get a good night sleep. It has also helped with leg cramps. I love this product.
Loved the how well the cleaners worked but only like the lemon smell the lavender or whatever the purple bottle was had a horrible smell
Tastes great and peps you up!
THIS JUST WORKS
These are thick and comfortable and fit well in my shoes. These are well-made.
It works but doesn't shave very close.  Dissappointing.
So I originally gave these earplugs a 1 star review. I had used them as directed and they didn’t stay in at all. Then, some time later, I couldn’t find the ones I had been using instead (another brand.) so I looked at the Quies earplugs again and decided to try to make them work.I took one earplug, divided it into half, kneaded. Each half to soften them up, and pressed them over my ear canals.They actually work better this way than the other brand, as when split in half the wax core is exposed. The cotton holds them in my ears better, as they wick the moisture from my ears. (The other brand doesn’t.) I’ve been using these ever since and will reorder when needed.
Love these ,, the colors are bright like I wanted
Bought this for my husband. Not very palatable and ended up throwing away. If it doesn't taste good, it's not going to be used, no matter how good it might be for you.
I take hot yoga and need a good mat cleaner that doesn’t irritate my skin or make a room full of people escape from the smell. This is it :) Moderate and mild aroma, cleans well enough for general surface cleaning needs, and the towel is washable with a decent wash-cloth size to it.
Glasses adhere for a few minutes but the eventually just get greasy and slide off more than usual.
Love this!!!! My son will not take the little citrus fruit flavored probiotics, Ive tried three different kinds, he spits them out as soon as they hit his mouth. These are individually packaged so it's not a guessing game with how much to give. I just sneak a packet into his morning bottle of milk and in ten minutes he's had his full serving of probiotics and prebiotics for the day! It's pretty cool, especially with cold season coming upon us I want to get a head of the game and build his little immune system. They've worked wonders for me. Would definitely recommend them! :)
Legitimate product, though cost is high.
Nice white mask but too big
Are you kidding me. Wonderful product with great application. Thank you. Will refer clients to you.
this stuff is the greatest 🙌
I needed a "soupy" toothpaste for my new-fangled ultrasonic toothbrush. This is basically like a mouthwash. All liquid. I like the dispenser. And intend to make a liquid-y toothpaste and put into this dispenser. So basically, I bought an $8 dispenser. It was worth a shot. But I would say save your money.
Exactly as expected! Each letter comes with two small hole punches for extra sturdiness and the string to wind through to create the banner. All letters were present and the quality of the glitter card stock was good. Excellent value for the price. Shipped in packaging that kept the letters from bending.
I guess, I mean I didn't get sick on my trip abroad - 12h plane rides included
CLA is a secret I've used for years to control my weight and help me build and retain muscle. This formulation is very potent. The serving size is four capsules. You can split this into two each with your two largest meals. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
These restrict airflow, so you wake up in the middle of the night with a headache cause you can’t breathe
I can't complain about the product or the amount of time it took to get the items.  The only thing that was a little concerning was how easily the protective seal came off the top of the bottle when I opened it.  It was sealed, but I suspect it was the glue used at the time of manufacturing.  Other than that, the item was as described and delivered promptly.  The price was also reasonable.  I would buy from this seller again.
I had 2 and in our house I noticed the moldmildew was gone in the 2 rooms I had them in yet some times the rest of the house had a old stale smell... hard to explain so I purchased 2 more!  I have 6 rooms total in my house and by adding these two units the house smells fresh & clean all the time!  I have not had to replace any of the bulbs yet and I've had 2 for over a year!  I am so pleased with this product!!
I was really looking forward to trying this product because it is vegan and organic, but no matter what ingredients I add to it, it makes my smoothies taste rancid. I'm not sure if I got a bad product or not, but regardless, it's not for me. I have found other protein powders that are plant based that taste great, or at least aren't noticeable when combined with other ingredients. This one even smells odd.
If you want a good facial cleansing brush, but don't want to spend $200, this is a good alternative. The brush is compact and easy to hold. It doesn't take up much space on a counter. It also packs well for travel. It's cordless and rechargeable. It's a good skincare tool. Don't forget to clean your brush with antibacterial soap after each use.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
These clippers are a strong sturdy and sharp but they’re a little tight to use I don’t have a lot of strength in my hands
Made well, great value, and shipping was speedy!
I'm so glad I found these! I know apple cider vinegar is good for you but I love the gummies much better. Easier for oral consumption.  Excellent detox.
Too soon to tell that it's whitening BUT I find that it's really great on killing the morning breath and great for use after meals especially LUNCH TIME at the office for those of you who do that sorta thing.
much smaller than I expected, and not very soft at all.
Yes,  I bought this because it is KLEENIX.  I knew it would be soft and especially absorbent.  There is no fragrance,  just simple softness.  And,  reason for absorbency?  TWO PLY!
It works as described. I recommend this product.
Super cute. Great as party favors for our daughter's birthday party.
These are not extra wide and they are not diabetic socks. They were regular socks and Amazon is not looking at these vendors close enough.
Excellent, sturdy product. I have only used it a couple of days so far, but I definitely prefer the clips over other styles I had before with the loop attachments. I will be ordering more in different styles. Highly recommend this seller!
I do not like it this brand. It comes on at barely a touch, the cord is short and the speed is not what I am use too. I will not buy it again or refer it. I wish I could of sent it back.
Easy to attach. Smaller than I thought but it is still a good size. It is very sturdy too.
This sound machine comes with a total of 24 sounds. It is packaged with an AC adapter, the unit itself, a cheat sheet circle, and a regular instruction pamphlet.Operation is simple as per my video. I just plugged it in and then pressed the light button for my choice of nightlight color. I also pressed the sound playing button to start playing the sounds. This button serves as the onoff button for the unit. The nightlight feature has seven lights that can be cycled through with two variations of white light. The timer feature goes from 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes or can be turned off to play continuously. There are three sound controls - naturelullaby, white noise, and fan. There are 8 available sounds each for the white noise and fan and 16 nature sounds. I particularly like the nature sounds.The current price of $25.99  is what machines like this go for. Of course, in the days of smart home speakers such as Google Home, no such device is really needed as I can just ask my Google Home to play sounds or tell it goodnight to get a routine. Nevertheless, for those who want a sound machine for a baby room or just for themselves, this does work. Know that there will never be more than 24 sounds available and unless one loves all the sounds, only a few of them will ever be played.I rated this unit three stars for several reasons. First, I prefer a battery operated unit (correction to what I said in my video). I do not like the idea that I have to be tethered to a power supply to operate this and want to be able to take it with me anywhere. Second, the controls on top are very difficult to see (see photo). The printing needs to be a bright white so that it is visible to the operator. Third, the unit is not as sleek as some other units I tried previously--it's tall and squat. Nevertheless, this works as designed and it is a good machine, but this is not my top pick.
my kids love mario and these bandaids are too cute. decent quality too! must have for mario fans! my kids are 7 and 2 and love them! too expensive though.
This matters or not don’t waste your time but I won’t have to match them make it look like they’re tall the matches but then not
These patches really do relieve the pain. They can be cut to whatever size you need.They stick extremely well.
I used this on an off-white bench cushion we have in our home.  The directions are clear and easy to follow.  So far whenever we've gotten dirt or anything else on the cushion we've been able to just brush it off.  There is no smell and it's non-toxic.
Great quality and lovely colors.  Better than I expected for the price!  Does a great job on my nails and doesn't cause splitting like emery boards.
I've been taking 3 tablespoons of this about every other day for about 2 months.  There is no doubt it is the real deal.  I do feel better, but I personally have had unfavorable results.  For one, I was one of those people who gained weight very easily from taking it. I don't know why.  I wasn't underweight.  I have also noticed that my cycle, which has always been off since I was a teenager and had somewhat regulated after the birth of my daughter, is now sporadic again.  I went 40 days last cycle and now am at like day 46 and still no period.I will continue taking this and probably purchase again.  It isn't  The Maca's Team fault my body is reacting this way, but my body IS reacting and that means the powder is working.  I will finish the bag and hope my body settles down.  It might take awhile as I started this powder with a pretty big hormonal imbalance.
All ingredients come packaged separately in a nice little clear box. I followed directions exactly and the soup was delicious. I am hoping it will knock this cold I have been fighting for the last week.
I am always hoping to find something to curb my appetite.  I did not notice any change while using these.
And it makes it cute
A+ However a bit difficult to program.
Great Keto product. Taste is good and adds a good balance to your day
These vials are very expensive. The saline solution is ok. The packaging is TERRIBLE.  When the vial is opened, the hole in the vial doesn’t squirt directly down into the lens consistently, causing a lot of wasted product.  The vials do not stand vertically, so they leak or become contaminated.  I only bought this brand because Scleralfil was backordered.
I had previously left a 3 star review since I was able to get a smooth shave the first time I used it. I've always had trouble shaving intimate areas because of razor burn and ingrown hairs. I was very hesitant in purchasing this product because I've tried countless shavers, epilators, razors, you name it - I've probably tried it!I used this product ONE TIME and it was pretty cool that you use it wet, so I decided to try it out in the bathtub. It shaved very well, even though it was rather difficult reaching some places. Now, the aloe strips helped tremendously and I was quite pleased with the results. HOWEVER, after using this one time, the aloe strips were ruined and I couldn't use the shaver again because it caused horrible razor burn and didn't get nearly as close of a shave as before. There also isn't an option to purchase more aloe strips without having to buy a whole replacement head. I contacted customer service and sent pictures of the aloe strips and explained the situation. Long story short, they offered half my money back so I'd be stuck with a shaver I can't use and half of a refund - NO THANK YOU! I ended up returning the item. Don't waste your money on ONE GOOD SHAVE.
If you've ever ruined an item of clothing or upholstery due to a stain, you'll definitely want this product. The spray protects fabrics from all kinds of stains. You may want to apply a few layers for some fabrics. I highly recommend this product.Thanks so much for taking the time to read this review. I hope the information that I've provided makes your decision a little easier.
I have 3 Verilux lamps, including this one, so that I can use them at my piano, reading chair, and at bedside.  These are sturdy lamps with a nice clean design and a variety of colors to compliment any decor. My favorite is the ivory.  I have presbyopia and early cataracts, so can benefit greatly from higher contrast in reading and needlework. These lamps are beyond meeting my expectations.  Whereas, I used to have a lot of eye fatigue and got sleepy while reading at night, this is no longer the case. The black print appears darker, sharper-- as if I'd up-graded my glass prescription. I find that I have sufficient spread of light for reading an average newspaper page. Even the newspaper stock quote pages are now readable, whereas this isn't the case otherwise.  I also do a lot of watercolor painting and needlepoint. It is a treat to be able to work into the evening while being confident that my color mixes are true.  Here is an amusing side note which supports that the light approximates daylight......My elderly cat, who enjoys a daily bath in outdoor sunlight, sometimes substitutes the Verilux lamp light for his "spa" when the weather is bad! It can't be the heat that he is drawn to-- as little is given off.  I can appreciate some reviewers' observations that the quality of the light is perhaps "overly white." Yet, the lamp is not intended for ambient lighting but rather for a small task area.  The light bulbs are not pricey when you consider that they last for 5 years and are, thus, an average cost of $4. a year. Also, they use less than 15 of the electricity of a traditional 150 watt reading light.  If making a decision to purchase this lamp, I would suggest that you base it upon your need or wish to have better clarity in visual work at night. It is not intended to add daylight to a room.  There are many cheaper Verilux look-alikes, but I wouldn't recommend these. There are serious complaintsthat these fall apart in a year or two-- or fail to work from the beginning.
wife didn't like it unfortunately. kind of bulky to carry.
Not worth to send back. Just bought by mistake wrong model.
Cleaning myself
Perfect for the dessert bar. The right size !! They are thick and not cheesy looking !
Cuticle trimmer is not sharp or  precise!
I ended up gifting this. However, the recipient was overjoyed.
Great product, great seller
I have used at least 10 of these grabbers over the last 8 years that I’ve been wheelchair bound. They are remarkable in design but on this particular one the handle split on the 2nd day of use. It is not the norm an I will be asking for a replacement. I will update my comments then ..
Did nothing for me, Made me hungry after taking it.
Second time ordering and they are fresh . Not dried out or stale like others selling the same product.
Do the job very nicely..great cushionHave purchased before
good price. like them
These can be a little difficult im still trying to get them to stay on and fold right. Even with cleaning my eye area very well they only stay struck on for about 6 minutes but its only the outer corners that keep lifting up.
Absolutely horrible. These are like cheap thin mylar. Disposable; one use only. They can't be reused. They were so frustrating to wrap up (much worse than real Christmas presents). You have to assemble them. They lose air fast!
Works great - and I think it's good for your gums too!
These ear plugs are on the large side. I ordered them, because the picture looked like they were similar to silicone ear plugs my cat stole from me. The design is pretty much the same, but the SIZE is not. These barely fit into my ears, and don't go in far enough to block much sound. I still like them better than the foam ones (those itch), but these are not for me.If your ear canals are not on the small side, I do recommend this type of plug. It's cleaner and more comfortable than foam, and you can wash it.
I heard so many great things about adding mushroom supplements to a daily vitamin routine so I gave it a go this brand has been working well and I can tell I'm more focused at work.
I hate all the artificial colors and flavors in Gatorade, so this is a great alternative. I followed the directions and mixed it with 8 oz of cold water and it was easy to dissolve and tasted like sugar water. Would probably taste better mixed with a little juice to give it some flavor for a child. But overall seems like a great product for all members of the family.
Easy to assemble and decent construction. These boxes will be perfect for holding party favors or small beauty products for a beautiful unboxing experience. I used some of these for an event and others for giving out graduation gifts and they all looked great no matter the occasion.
These containers are very similar to Glad or Ziploc products.  While they are reusable, they definitely feel like the kind of product that ends up being thrown away after a few uses.  If you want to decrease your plastic use or help the environment, glass bento type boxes are probably the way to go.  That said, these are very convenient.  They have two separate sections for food.  They seal well.  I did have some issues with the lids warping in the dishwasher.  Overall, for the price, a decent product.If you found my review helpful, please click YES below.  Thank you!
The cat was interested in this toy for maybe 5-10 minutes, then it was batted under the couch never to be seen again.The problem is that it shuts off almost immediately when stationary. It would be better to have a 1 minute cut-off, at least keeping the cats attention a bit longer.Cat says, "Meh".
Construction quality, materials similar to most of the other LiPo bags available.  Purchase for part of the storage setup of some 3S lipos.  More or less just one added layer of protection against a lipo incident.  During charging continuous monitoring of the LiPo (internal temp, external temp, charging rateslevels, smell, sight...) is more important than the bag in preventing an ugly situation.If you experience a real catastrophic lipo event this bag might give you enough time to grab whatever fire suppression device you have to deal with the situation. The bag is a bit like airbags and seatbelts in a vehicle.  Hope you never have to rely on device.  But in the event a bad situation occurs, the bag may be the difference between a major or minor loss.  Personally I wouldn't store, charge or use  questionable LiPos.  Dispose properly and invest in a replacement.
Was a little big and everyone laughed, but I could fit EVERYTHING in this thing and it would sit on my back side so it didn't get in the way for me.  The only reason why I had to give it up was because my instructor said, that if I wore this at clinicals I would spread germs from room to room without knowing it.  I guess it very well could have, however, my shoes don't spread germs?  My clothes?  I had to stop wearing it, but I save it for when I am done and a hospital lets me wear it.  I can even put my stethoscope in it!
The electric cord could be longer, but other than that, my boyfriend likes it. It heats up well, and relieves his neck and back pain. Being able to button it up to keep it in place is definitely a plus.
I bought this and it came in perfect condition and right on time.This is a nice toy that is not to big and fun to use.  It is very comfortable to use and enhances your experience.  I was not disappointed with this at all.
These inserts will stick to sandals!  Sandals need support for anyone.
I’ve been overall happy with this! Not having to try to maneuver around a cord while using it has been very helpful and the battery last long enough for grooming jobs that can be done at home
These are gelatin based dime-sized disks that are a baby's first introduction to popping sugary sweet snacks into their mouth.According to the package, your baby can safely have these when they crawl with tummy off the floor, pulls up to a standing position, uses jaw to mash foods, and uses fingers to self feed. Because they quickly dissolve, they are probably one of the safest small foods.They are relatively wholesome, with milk products as the main ingredient, and a healthy dose of potassium. Taste tested by me...yucky, taste tested by a 18 month old...yummy.The problem I have (and it's a small one, this product is ok in my book) is that they seem to encourage parents to get kids started as early as possible to have sweet snacking habits. I have a friend who thought it was fine to make her baby's first food like this a fast food french fry. This is a MUCH better option.
This product is fanastic i love the flavor and the fast acting that happens after you chew them the taste is great not chalky at all
I purchased this to make bubbles with for my 2 year old son. The product did great and the bubbles were the strongest ive ever seen. So much better than buying watered down soap from the store.
Easy to use and looks fantastic.  Do not worry the scale works fine.  Am super pleased with my purchase.  Only very small drawback for me was that fingerprints show easily but are easily removed with a cloth.
This is the only powder I use in my dishwasher.  Have tried others, but they do not clean as well.
I absolutely LOVE this!!!! It works perfectly.
Easy to assemble, easy to operate. Gives a great infrared session directly where you need it. Shipped promptly & good price. Would purchase again.
beautiful stone!! but it did not really work for me. I think I am better off buying these in person I have had better luck
Quality product.  Good price
I saw and bought this product at Vitamin Shoppe because it had 5 ATP, Royal Jelly and several other really good ingredients. I've taken Nootropics by a very reputable company, but they changed their formula and it's not as good as it was before.I took one pill before lunch to see what type off effect it would have on me. It didn't seem to have any kind of effect on me so I felt confident in taking the 2 tablets as prescribed before breakfast with 8oz of water. I didn't notice any improvement on my focus, but I didn't get my 4pm slump. Instead I got a SEVERE, debilitating headache. I made sure I was hydrating really well. By 6 and 7pm my muscles in my entire body began to ache especially around my mid back and I got ringing in my ears. I'be Ringing in the ears usually means something with the kidneys.  I went to bed and continued to drink lots of water and tried to get some sea salt in me to keep my electrolytes in balance.The following day after 13 hours of sleep (I usually get 5) I woke up without the headache and almost all of the pain in the back had subsided except between my shoulder blades. I felt very light headed so I made sure to continue to hydrate and eat well. Had I felt the way I did I took the two tablets I would have gone to the hospital. I don't go to the hospitals. I was that sick from this.There's a LOT of ingredients in this supplement. Proceed with caution. The risks definitely outweighed any possible benefit. I'm a SUPER healthy person so I can't imagine what might happen to someone who is not in as great of shape as I am.
Love this product, full of protein and fiber and taste great..my daughter even loves it!  I add bananas, blueberries all kinds of fruitsand it fills me up as well.
Screw and parts. They arrived in new condition. I carry one in my car, backpack, nightstand, etc. Cheap and effective :)
This plastic bucket was just what I was looking for.  Something I could fill up with warm to hot water and soak my feet in while I am sitting on the sofa watching tv at night.  My feet fit in it perfectly and I wear 9.5 mens.Filled about 34 of the way with water, it can get heavy but the handle doesn't feel flimsy.  Don't fill to the top or else water may splash out as you carry it.  The bottom has little massaging bumps - kinda like reflexology.If you are the type to balk at paying $15-18 for a plastic bucket, this is not for you, I'd recommend you get two rubbermaid buckets and use those instead.  Sometimes you have to splurge and get the thing that best fits your needs and is designed for the purpose.This bucket does not keep the water hot or warm - it is just a plastic bucket but it should be enough for a good 15-20 min soak if you start with water thats hot enough.
beautiful pendulum and received close to pictured
Excellent !! Best microfiber cloth for cleaning eyeglass lens leaving them without streaks!!
Sorry, but this one is a bust. The plastic is too hard and not flexible enough. Won't stay closed around my hair. Can't imagine it working for anyone.
Good dealprice. Does what it was designed to do, can't really elaborate!
I didn't expect so many herbsThe package came in very quickly aswell. Happy buyer
Didn't seem to do anything for me.
I commend the seller, Magickal Night the shipping was quick, and arrived earlier than anticipated. Likewise they very safely packaged the item, which is encouraging to purchase from them again!7 Sisters of New Orleans Glory Water is what it is, a mass manufactured spiritual product. 7 Sisters of course is one of the 4 or 5 other “brands” that IndioWisdom owns, which originally were small independent companies. Therefore there is a caveat to their item, e.g. formulas got standardized between brands (some things smell the same, but have different packaging). However, these “specialty” items aren’t as terrible as I’ve found, likely because if it’s a unique item, then there isn’t some cost effective equivalent to sell as a dupe. This may also be why Wisdom’s own website has listed Glory Water as out of stock for almost a year (if not more).The sent of Glory Water is nice, somewhat sweet and cologne-like. Unfortunately the scent easily dissipates when it’s sprinkled or dabbed on anything.Overall I’m not dissatisfied, and is a nice addition to my spiritual supplies collection.
Item has too much of a bend in it to be used ccomfortably
I wanted to try these brackets both to create more space for breathing while wearing a mask and also to prevent my makeup from getting on the mask.  Unfortunately, I found these a little tricky to use.  They are kind of bulky--you can see them poking out of the top of my mask, plus you can see the bumps and ridges under the mask, which looks a bit weird.  But despite their bulkiness, they were also a little small for my face shape, as they kept slipping off my nose.  And they didn't make it easier to talk, as they moved even more with speaking.  I might use these for certain situations, but overall, I wouldn't recommend them.
I got one of these for myself a few months ago because I read they can help with scalp itch. I don't have dandruff, but I do have dry scalp (thanks Winter) and some irritation due to using dry shampoo. Admittedly it felt weird to use at first, but after just the first use, my scalp was itching less (after I added the use of an apple cider vinegar clarifying shampoo, the itchy scalp is GONE). It has made a noticeable difference in terms of scalp itch and how clean my hair looks and feels. I was excited and told my husband about my triumph over itchy scalp and the next thing I know, he has started using my shampoo brush (even though he made fun of me for using it in the first place)! He has some dandruff but doesn't have the itchy scalp. I'm not sure if it has helped him or not but he must enjoy using the brush because he keeps using mine. This is the exact reason I have now bought a second one. We both enjoy using it.
In the description, you get "Easy to USE: It has two fixing clips on both sides, and you can hang the 3D bracket on the face cover to prevent sliding. Then put on the face cover as usual." No, you can't. Further down you will see that they recommend either sewing it in place or using double sided tape. I was able to wear mine without any complications.
Knocks out all my aches & pains
I've tried a view. This one tastes good and dissolves more easily than others. I've ordered again already. Many thanks!
I like that it doesn't bother my digestive track!
Resolve your rug cleaning problems. We purchased our own steam cleaner a few years ago and found this cleaner to beat all the rest....  Anyone who has self cleaned their carpets knows  the products they use makes a big difference in how many times they have to go back and forth. This Resolve concentrate 2X does the trick. Cleans up spills and  leaves such a clean smell
I like the value of getting ten boxes at once. And you can’t go wrong with puffs!
They arrived well packaged and they are excellent value for the 10 pack
This makes my skin feel so nice and clean, also super soft afterwards! I love it :) Def worth it, and you're not going to find it cheaper anywhere else!
I bought this for my teenage daughter and she says it worked out very well for her hair. Her hair is curly and wavy but the drying works really well and she is able to style her hair accordingly. There are three different measures of heat and she finds the medium and high features to work best for her. Overall,  Great purchase so far.
This is by far the best glue out there.  Stays long and is waterproof.  Great for someone like me who is active
My daughter is the one who really uses selfie-sticks and anything that will help her make movies with her iPhone.  She likes this selfie-stick tripod a lot, and especially that it has a place to hold the remote.  the Bluetooth connected easily to her phone, and she was soon taking pictures with her phone in it.  It doesn't go as high as her other iPhone tripod, but it's very portable.  The tripod legs are kind of short and the stability is not real good, but it will do.  She will be using this for class projects where she has make movies or video tape home physics experiments.
Great flavor. Do have to worry a little about getting to the bathroom.
These are not individually wrapped. So I can’t use them as they are to give my dog medicine. When I get them from the vet they are individually wrapped.
Slim, lightweight, pocket umbrella. It's size and weight make it easy to slip in a coat pocket or handbag. It is a regular umbrella, not particularly sturdy. When the wind gusts in New York City, the wind tunnels can be brutal and have ruinedinverted all but the sturdiest umbrellas. I still have to put this to the test, I suspect it will be similar to drugstore umbrellas.
Fits well on my average sized female head.  I keep it in the freezer for use whenever I need.  I was almost scared to use it for fear it would be too tight but it is not too too tight and the compression feels good.I recently had an 18 hour migraine triggered by sleeping wrong on an old neck injury.  The type of pulsating headache that no amount of changing positions in the bed would relieve the pain.  Light and sound were unbearable.  I cannot take any meds for my migraines so I use a variety of supplements, showers, ice, heat, etc to try and bring comfort. A nice tool in my migraine arsenal toolbox.  I rotate it out with other things and it helps take the edge off.  With this last "spell" this compression cap was just the ticket.  It allowed the pain to numb just a hair and I fell into a much needed mini nap.  That was the beginning of the end of the this particular migraine.No complaints or regrets.
Better than the more expensive kind I was getting that were jammed in a box and hard to use. I don't need a industrial weight bag so there work great and for less money - delighted
Really was excited to get this product due to the practically of it. THEN I received the product.Pro -Very well made  qualityGreat designCons -PriceyVery heavyLarge deviceI rated this item three (3) stars for these reasons -the weight of this product limited me to carry my medications on me, which was the whole reason I purchased it and secondary the price of the product.UPDATE - I have received a personal phone call from the owner. We talked about her product line and during the conversation she really showed me her commitment to customers and designing great products.When ordering just make sure you get the appropriate size that is going to meet your needs. Also, if weight is going to be a  consideration than I would suggest ordering A device in titanium. I am awaiting a new titanium dual camber device. I will update after I compare the products side by side
These protect the placard from bending in the heat, etc.  A good clear way to protect the placard and easy to see and hang in the car.
My.club won't let me tan unless I have eyewear..I put these on my keychain with my.computer.pass and bingo. Never without
I like shower poufs, have used them for decades now. It's rare to find black ones, my favorite color. These are reasonably soft. Softer than some I've bought at the grocery store. They're very big and dense. Almost, but not quite, too big to hold onto. I've nearly dropped one several times but always managed to maintain my grip. I would probably prefer these a bit smaller but since they're in my favorite color I won't complain too much. They hold a lot of soap and build lather well.
Originally I was taking the one a day trunatal ginger gel capsules, and I was so disappointed that they were discontinued! I found these and I’m happy to say they work just as well, if not better! Give them a try if you suffer from morning sickness, or nausea for any other reason!
Very satisfied with the scooter. I have problems with my feet and stress fractures. I bought the scooter so I would have it if I needed it and not have to rent one.
This is a great little toner. The spray has a fine little mist and works very well. I cleanses my face beautifully and feels very refreshing when I use it. After I use this my face feels nice and clean. I do like the smell of this and feel super refreshed every time I use this. I do like that this has witch hazel in the ingredient list which is a very calming ingredient. It also has other fantastic ingredients like chamomile and ginseng.This is a great find and am happy I found this toner.
This product is very quiet you don't know it's on. The price was right with the $30.00 coupon. It also has a 2 year warranty that you have to register before 30 days after purchase
I have no idea if this works or not so I don't know how to rate it.
This smells SO good. I use it for shaving and it’s such a great value. It doesn’t leave a residue like a lot of the lower end baby oils and it’s a pretty large bottle.
I'm incredibly disappointed in this product. After 2 weeks of using this diffuser its already brokendoesn't work. I'll add the water and essential oil and after 2 minutes of being on it turns itself off. I've tried plugging it into different outlets and selecting different settings and it still does not work.
I love the color! There is NO smell which surprises me because most of the other natural nail polishes I have tried do have smell. The only thing I don't like is how fast it Chips. It doesn't really stick to the nail. Maybe if I get a great base coat it will stay better.
I love the sleek black color of this stretcher. There are no instructions in the package, but information is available here on the site. Google "cervical traction" and you will find examples, exercises, and more information. As always, make sure you are in communication with your doctor or chiropractor to make sure you're on the right path.The last neck stretcher I used was plastic with foam around it, and naturally the foam disintegrated over time. I appreciate this stretcher which seems to be a very dense foam. The sides seem to push on my occipital bones to encourage a stretch. I make sure that the base is right against my shoulders so those little points are in place. I only use for 10-15 minutes at a time, usually at the end of the day. This helps me regain curvature in my neck to compensate for my desk job. I love this particular model, and enjoy using it to relieve neck tension after work. Recommended!
My acupuncturist used this oil and I have continued to use it..Great product
I got this because it says that it's flavored, portable, and figured it would be good to add into my water bottle during hot  yoga. It tastes GROSS and you need a comedic amount of drops if you have a large water bottle.  It's not that I am not used to the taste of stevia, it just has a bad berry flavor. The bottle also isn't portable, it's pretty big. Probably because you need so many drops to make it work. If it leaks then you've got another mess on your hands.Stick with Nuun tablets. They taste a lot better, one does the job, and they are in a portable container that can't spill.This is bitter and I'd use it if I were sick or something, but it's really a slight degree away from Pedialyte.
Nice size! Picks up dus like a pro. Comes with extra refill.
Sealed my granite! Put on two coats and still have a lot left over. I would recommend!
I like plastic frames but they slide off my nose when I am working and looking downward. I thought I was going to have to get the side pieces extended, but I saw this and it works perfectly.  Although they seem a little flimsy, you get TEN pieces. Works like a charm, perfectly comfortable.
This replacement brush is just like the real Clarisonic brushes. I was pleasantly surprised how well they worked and also the price..can’t be beat.You will not be disappointed.
Great replacements. Convenient order from Amazon with great price.
We need alcohol pads and these where a great price for the same item that we had purchased before in smaller volume.  FAST delivery
I had at once gavin this a 3 star, now I'm giving it a one star, all of my pastries stick to this paper. I just made French Macaroons and they stuck so bad they tore apart, what a waste of time and expense. I bake all the time, now I have to go back and search for the sheets I purchased over a year ago, they worked wonderful, no sticking at all. These sheets even look and feel different, then the other brand. No I don't recommend
Nice and comforting.
The advertisement says five pack per box I received a Ziploc bag sealed with for only four I tried it on their comfortable there nice nice color but there’s not side there’s four
This thing is amazing. You can use it dry or in the tub with water. It is gentle but does a wonderful job of smoothing heels.
Helps along with other powdered supplements
This product is AMAZING!  I have tried many, many creams, lotions, special socks, microplaners, and anything else that advertises they can get rid of your cracked heels.  Nothing has worked. Even at the nail salon I have never left satisfied with how my heels felt. I had resigned myself to the fact I was never going to have smooth feet again.  But this thing works!  I read reviews where people said it stops if you push down on it, well there is a reason for that. If you push too hard you can hurt yourself. It's a safety mechanism that makes sense. Just be patient and it will work.  I've used it three times since Christmas, even though my heels were still pretty smooth, I just like the way it feels.  If you have rough feet, you will be amazed at the snow shower you create using this.  Put down a towel or something to catch all the lovely dead skin that comes showering down.  Buy this!  You will love it.
Makes my glasses cleaner than other products I've used. Small bottles make it easy to take in purse or keep in desk.
These are nice little travel packs to bring along in a pinch when you are out of smaller tooth paste and mouth wash, plus a small size of spritz breath spray. These packs are very small and easy to store and bring along. These work pretty well. I am not a huge fan of the breath spray, but that is just because I don't generally use them so I wish they would have included more mouth wash and tooth paste since those I use a lot more.
I have bought this product 3 times. I was perfectly satisfied with the first two orders, but the most recent (September, 2022) is clearly different. The floss is thinner and shreds easily. It slips from my finger even when wrapped around five times. In a word, the floss is useless.
Great Fit, Great Feel !!!
Good value for your money! I have reactions to some contact solution but this works well for me. I use optifree as well.
had  for awhile now and it  hasnt fallen apart, so all is well
I love this bracelet Perfect fit for Ladies with small wrists. I were it all the time even in water, and has not Tarnished..
This thing has got some power!  It does a nice job gently removing callous.  I was even able to (carefully) remove a callous between my toes that has caused me pain for a long time.  Pain is gone!  I recommend it.  It's been worth every penny to me so far.
It works really well! Totally eliminated the dog’s odor. He has his own gated area of the back of our kitchen that always smells. Not when this is plugged in! And we have a large open kitchen. Just make sure it’s near the source.
I have the Galaxy-D color option, which includes 2 adult size masks and 4 PM2.5 filters. The Galaxy-D color is a blue, green, and teal nebula.The masks have adjustable ear loops but no bendy nose pieces. However, the cut of the masks does keep them in place over my nose without the need for the nose wire. The masks also go under my chin.They pass the candle test. The masks have three layers of fabric even without a filter in place: the outer layer with the nebula print, a white lining, and the filter pocket. The filter pocket is open on both sides.At the longest point, the masks are about 10-10.5 inches. The widest point, from nose to chin, is about 5-5.5 inches. I took these measurements after washing the masks in warm water and line drying.The masks are quite large on my face. I usually wear smaller masks. The sides on these go nearly to my ears, and I have the ear loops adjusted to be as small as they can go.The masks are made in China.
Product is was described
These are hard to find in a store. Exactly what I was looking for. Thicker, longer and higher quality.
Cheaper than the tool truck, and same great fit
This hot water bottle has thicker walls than most I've owned which is really nice. The texture of one side actually helps keep you from getting too hot and adding the hot water bottle sweater helps even more. If you want moist heat, just add a damp washcloth between the hot water bottle and its sweater. Just remember to empty it after use and do not microwave it.
I can't find better words to describe how glad I am to have discovered this product than to say:  IT SAVED MY DOG'S LIFE. HALLELUJAH!!
works well with the phillips electric toothbrush.
These worked very good. We were having issues with safety glasses fogging up while wearing our covid masks. These lasted a long time and worked great.
Great straws. Just as described and I feel good about not buying plastic ones anymore. Especially after watching those sad sea-life videos online of plastic in the ocean. They are stylish too!
Much to my shock (and, thanks to my sister for championing this product) and delighted surprise, this is the FIRST protein shake that I can actually say I truly like and enjoy drinking.  I admit I do use milk in the mix (but I didn't even try water) and it's a pleasure to drink, a five-star yum!
UPDATE:Item did not make the 2 month anniversary.  For this reason I have updated the rating.This Water pik for teeth is what I wanted.  With 3 speeds it meets my every expectation.  My gums are benefiting from the pulsating action.  It keeps the extraction area clean (low setting), where the brush seems to miss.
Purchased this product a second time,does work and open skin pores
I am wearing masks everywhere I go. I have been searching for the holy grail of masks. I have used the pieces inside the mask that are supposed to make it more comfortable and cooler (doesn't work).  I have tried the K95 masks (even one that gives you a daffy duck look) and other K95 that are more comfortable. I have used home made, cloth masks and none keep me from fogging up my glasses or allow me some coolness when I talk. I think I am claustrophobic.
This stuff works great for tough stains on baby, kids and adults clothes! It removes everything! Baby food, formula, spit up stains, even old spit up stains even (with little scrubbing) and even stains from blow out diapers!! I will never use another stain remover again, just this one!
I am not all that happy with liquid detergents and when I first found a detergent "strip" that I could tear off of a set of four and throw in my washing machine, I was hoping for a good result.  And they work great!  I saw this one and figured I'd try a different brand and these work great as well!  I love that they are small and non-messy, easily stored and if I was going RV-ing and needed to wash clothes, these are easier to take into a laundromat - don't even have to take the box.  Just grab one or two depending on how many clothes you need to wash (in 1 or 2 machines) - so much easier than dragging around a bottle of liquid detergent or paying an exorbitant amount of money for one of those tiny ones at the laundromat.  Maybe these aren't for everybody, but for me, they work great to clean my clothes and are much easier to store and use.
I really enjoy DripDrop when needed.  I can't locate this product in my area so I order from Drip Drop through Amazon.  It's purpose is to hydrate and  I think it works well.
I have to have a bandage that doesn’t stick to the wound.
This sponge does not work. I scrubbed and scrubbed but nothing came out from my skin. I just saw my skin was red from scrubbing so hard. Dont buy this item. I tossed them in the trash. What a waste!
good size but a bit pricey for a sponge.  OK if it holds up as my former one did.
was good product east to install stick and twist, even I could do it with arthritis in my hands. It mad reach for handheld a joy,
Great earplugs at a great price! I use these for shooting and they do great. I've shot all calibers (including .50bmg) and haven't had an issue. I also love the cord because I can take one or both out and it doesn't get lost, it just hangs down or around your neck. If you value your hearing and work around loud machinery or shoot often, these are great earplugs to use.
They fit nicely! Some of the oral tips you have to fight to get them in not with this one!
Not what I expected beard to pump up. I am returning it
I use this to brushclean my cat's teeth and they work better than I expected, I can use the same sponge 5 to 7 times without having it break, considering how sharp cat's teeth are, my cat does not resist, so is an easy process, I don't need to maneuver the sponge in a forceful way at all, when it breaks, just cracks, so far I haven't had a sponge breaking into pieces, I use it moist with the teeth cleaning spray they sell for pets, I have never used it dry.
Not sure why people say these are too small.  They are the exact right size for me.  I've bought these glasses a couple of times over the past decade and they've held up well.  The lens are distortion-free ang the frames are attractive and strong.  Exactly what I needed.
Not for tender skin but it is the best joint pain reliever!
Exactly like the kind I buy in the store for a fraction of the cost. They're also easy to cut down to size to fit different sized soles or heels.
I bought this product to try removing the soft peach fuzz on my face.  I've previously used a disposable razor and microblading tools and was looking for something that was more effective and efficient.I tried both the razor function and the epilator function.  The directions contained in the box were clear and easy to understand.  I appreciated that it came with paper instructions instead of many items now that do not and require you to watch a video online.  The paper instructions were much easier to take in my bathroom as I tried for the first time instead of my laptop and a video.I tried both functions on my arm first. The high speed of the epilator was a bit uncomfortable.  Tried on my face.  Tried the razor first.  Then changed to the epilator. I first tried on low and then on high.  Mistake!  The machine literally caught my skin in it when on high speed.  It cut the surface of the skin and left a mark like a cat scratched my face...see photo!  That was it…..I was done. No more!There are 2 detachable pieces to switch between depending upon whether you want to use razor or epilator mode.  They easily come off.  It's clearobvious how to align each piece and attach.Couple of notes:Onoff button is "stiff' to use.  It doesn't "glide" onoff.  Not a problem.  Merely fyi.Comes with batteries.  That was a plus, because it saved me a few more $$.The device is a bit "loud" in my opinion.  You could not discreetly use this product.Was difficult to use in the jaw line which is the area I most wanted to use it on.I will NOT be using this device again!  I will go back to using my inexpensive micro blading tools!
It's so quiet you almost forget it on. I have 3 cats and a dog... so I'm sure the house can smell like pets, I walk into the room and it's just so fresh.
Cane is very stable and strong. It is worth the price.
Definitely one of the best natural sunscreens out there! And I have tried many! It rubs in well (of course it has a different texture than chemical sunscreen) without leaving a white film, smells great and works awesome! We just gave it the real test in the Florida sun and water! No sunburn👍
This does just what it claims to do.  Love it.
I just moved back to an area where I'm close to an old and very dear friend that I kept in touch with for all the years I lived far away, so now that I'm near, I wanted to give her something that she would enjoy and I know how much she enjoys a long, leisurely bath - a no-brainer to get bath bombs then!  This is a beautiful set that I know she will be happy to receive and thrilled to use once she can lock the bathroom door (kids...they always want to bother mom when she's trying to get a little me time!) and relax for a time.  I love these - for her (and others) - but I can't take baths any longer as I have health issues that make it difficult for me to get out of the bathtub from that position.  I don't envy those who can take a bath - I know my friend will enjoy the bath bombs just as I would If I could!
It's good in theory, but hanging the arms is kind of inconvenient, and the rotating shiatsu balls hurt in certain positions, especially when they hit my spine. It hurt enough that I returned it.
Easy to use, smells great and it's all natural!  I love, LOVE Method products!
I've had it for just about 2 days (THANK YOU for getting it to me days before the initial delivery date) I like everything about this chair so far, save for 2 items. The beeping every time you press a button. Honestly, it is obnoxious and I'm on the hunt to disable it. The turning radius is much larger than I am used to given I had an Invacare TDX SI, this is just an adjustment I have to make to the chair, so my mild frustration to it is on me.The chair is comfortable, it is quiet, and I like the little storage bag way more than I expected to (after years of just filling my lap). Getting it ready to use was very simple as well.50lbs sounds lighter than it weighs. LOL. It'll be easier to go mobile than my old chair which was around 200lbs but it isn't as mobile as I thought it might be. We will see how it goes.Bottom line is I am happy with my purchase, had to come out of pocket for this because my old chair just decided nope not working anymore so I needed a replacement quickly.
I bought these for a pair of dressy shoes.  I usually wear the smart,  but old looking orthopedic shoes, but these were too darn cute to pass up.  I really needed some more support, but I honestly didn't expect a lot from these.  Even though they look simple, they actually help a lot.  They are very easy to use.  Simply stick them wherever you need them on the sole of the shoe with the preapplied adhesive.  The set includes 3 different colors,  but I really like the clear ones.  You can barely even see them.
Save your money and buy a roll of bounty paper towels.
it was a nice tray  smaller than i expected but my walker has  rubber grips and the tray didnt fit over it  - now what do i do ?  buy a new walker ?  idk what to do to be honest  im assuming all trays will have the same issue due to those grips  companies should realize walkers come with grips and make the trays fit either or somehow
Use it daily! No issues and it's been over a month.
been using for several years,  always does the job
I love tangy tangerine. It has all the vitamins you will need. Good product.
I'm glad this is organic because this powder is often used in traditional Chinese medicine. Given how polluted China is, I would distrust anything imported from that country but this one is certified USDA Organic, which gives me some peace of mind. You add a scoop to yogurt, smoothies, etc., and it's supposed to boost your immune system and improve chronic conditions like diabetes and hypertension. I don't like the taste but you are taking it for its medicinal properties. Overall it's good quality and best for those suffering from chronic conditions.
This is an upgrade from the cheap thin foamfabric shoe insoles. It has a nice arch support and adhesive to keep insole in place. The leather top also adds a premium feel.  I have 3 issues with this product. 1) It’s only a 23 to 34 long insole so your toes won’t have any cushioning. 2) Lining up the insole to my low boots was not easy since the insole is a bit narrower than the boots. I had to try several times before finding the best placement. It would have been easier with flats with their more open footbed. 3) The insole cushioning is limited due to the relatively thin insole. .
The Pros: 1) It has 15 different strains of good bacteria. This is the most outstanding feature of this probiotic blend. It is the case of more is better. Diversity of the gut flora means the healthier the digestive tract. 2) It is delayed release.  This ensures that the good bacterium gets into your lower intestines rather than being destroyed by your stomach acids. 3) Per serving, it has 30 Billion CFU of probiotic organisms. Again, more is better. 4) I have experienced no adverse reactions to the product. 5) My overall digestion has improved resulting in good bowel movements and no constipation. The Con: 1) It contains milk so if you have a diary allergy or intolerance, you should not take this product.In conclusion, Premiva Ultra Probiotic is a good solid product that would likely improve your digestion as well as boost your immunity. Disclaimer - I was fortunate to receive this complementary probiotic in return for my fair and honest evaluation. I am under no obligation to give a favorable review. I write these reviews in the hope that they will help other consumers like me to make the best purchasing decisions for their money. As an avid researcher, I have save myself time, money and aggravation by reading other customer reviews and I am grateful to have their input available to me.
Holy Sand Paper! I won't be using these on my baby's perfectly soft tush. These things feel like they could take the skin right off.
Adheres and stays put
Smells woodsy, like pencil shavings. seriously! I use it twice a day for a week and heel cracks are healing. Nice thick consistency without being gooey, nice applicator, doesnt stain clothes. wash right out.
I should have replaced the blades years ago! They work excellent! I even mowed some of those long gray wild chest hairs, and outside of needing to clean out the shaver head repeatedly, it worked. Changing the cutters is easier than it looks, don't start prying on the little tabs! Just push the cutters down one at a time and slip out. What a deal.
This DDgro back brace is made sturdy.It feels like there is 3 medal type of thin bars in the back, that are comfortable.I felt good wearing this , actually for my bad posture.My husband wears this when his back is sore, or doing some gardening, and lifting things.My husband wears jeans that are size 32 waist,  and I wear a size 8 or 10, this brace is a large, and a Medium would have been to tight for us.Hope this helps.
Love love love this mask!  All my previous sleep masks have had the classic Velcro band that goes around your head. Well, I just must have some abnormally large head because after about a month the band would stretch out. So, I would tighten it and it would stretch again. Eventually I would get to the last small piece of Velcro that could still hold on. However this created another problem. The rest of the Velcro would then get tangled in my hair. NOT WITH THIS MASK! Someone finally had the great idea to use adjustable ear loops instead! I am so happy!  This mask also has a smooth silky cool side, and a warm side. The only think I would change would be to  raise the material where the eyes are. I don’t like having the material press down on my eyes. However, I will deal with it because the good outweigh that small inconvenience. Love it!
Love the idea of compostable garbage bags! I ordered these for our home for general use, mostly in our kitchen garbage. Unfortunately these are useless because they have a defective thinning line going through middle that makes them tear even if something very light is inside of them. Otherwise could be a good bag, but this specific batch of garbage bags I received are garbage!!
They serve the purpose. My 85 year old mother in law couldn't unzip them. Honestly snack bags ftom the grocery store are just as good and cheaper.
brilliant idea, works perfectly. The stickers on two of the boxes were incorrect. Customer service offered a new set, fantastic service. A must buy for tablet takers everywhere.
Definitely recommend  !  Absolutely a must have for sore muscles.
I'm giving this product three stars, primarily due to the fact it is a knee scooter. And the pad where you put your knee is not very much padding at all in fact it's a willful attempted being a good pad and the covering that covers that is even worse. With very little use my wife having had foot surgery, the pad felt inadequate to begin and degrades very rapidly, and the fake leather whatever the covering is on it is made of is like starting to crack and maybe as durable as a wet paper towel maybe.That's the bad stuff now the good stuff is in terms of mobility and functionality this thing offers quick release adjustment on the handlebars which is far far superior to most of the other brands which you have to take the pin all the way out unscrew it all the way take it all the way out adjust the handlebars and then you have to store it somewhere not very Mobile in my opinion so this one's light years ahead of all of those.  Overall I have to say compared to what else is on the market this thing is a pretty good value for the money but it still leaves a lot to be desired. Having said that it is the one that we finally purchased. Similar to how we vote in the United States, sadly we had to choose between the better piece of garbage.
It doesn't do diddly squat. The rasp is great - it has a coarse grind and a fine grind and it will do the job instead. The nail brush is like any other. It cleans your nails easily.
Still too big to swallow ! I'd rather take two small pills than gag on one . Why can't anyone come up with a fish pill us humans don't have to risk choking to death to swallow ??
I bought these because the bristles were charcoal and the rest of the toothbrush is bamboo.  I liked that there was no plastic.  The feel of the toothbrush is different, but it works so well.  My teeth felt cleaner!  I loved it so much I bought another pack!
Before I had my daughter I went out on a limb and bought this as an in case for diaper blow outs and spit up stains. I couldn’t be happier. It works really well! I have found that sometimes I need to spray and soak for an hour or so and then do it again if needed. If it doesn’t come out after the first wash I end up filling my sink with hot hot water and dumping a little bit into the sink and letting it soak over night (if it’s a really bad stain) and it comes right out after that next wash! My daughter just started solids which is a completely different stain than spit up and diaper blow outs but this stain remover works just as well!
All around nice product good amount for the price i use in in skincare so i cant comment on taste i will buy this again.
It gets hotwarm. Provides temporary soothing
Perfect box for oils. They fit perfectly.
This is a great shaver!  It gives me the closest shave I've ever had.  I'm able to shave my head in the shower and it does a fantastic job! It's very easy to clean too although the first time it was a bit difficult to open up the heads.  The instructions could be better and the pictures are a bit small.Note:  to remove middle head, turn counter-clockwise (just about 18") and then pull straight out
Easy to  use
Works well. We have a European dishwasher that requires power. Not as good as the high end powder.
I've had contacts for 20+ years and always took good care of them (at annual visits the doctor would always comment that he couldn't believe my 2 week soft contacts were over 4 weeks old they were so clean and looked great under the scope. So when my new doctor recommended this due to my eyes battling dry eye and irritation from long dustydirty work days I figured I'd try it but wasn't expecting much.I am a vet and my eyes are bombarded with hair, fuzz, dust, nail dust from the dremel, and all kinds of things and my contacts are in from 6 am to after 10 at night. Most days I have to take out and rinse one at least once. Some days they just feel like something is stuck on them alllllll day.  This treatment does seem to freshen them a bit, nothing miraculous since I keep mine very clean but I use it weekly or as a last resort if one contact is really bugging me to see if it's salvageable or ready to toss. The peroxide is strong if you have a cut, rash, ezcema, or something and you get some on your hand it will burn. I rinse like crazy before I put them back in my eyes. This one expires in under a year so I don't know if I'll use it up with mostly weekly uses.
My husband was tired of using tennis balls for his walker so he decided to try this option.  The socks that go vet them for inside use ripped almost immediately.  Without the socks, they scraped my wood floors.  We ended up throwing them away.
Horrible...left my hair too puffy.
I use this product for gut health.
These gummies aren't soft at all.  They are hard and stick to the teeth.  The flavor is good and the fiber is good, but just much to hard.
